UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
2736,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022.Among a high-impact shortlist for this year’s prize  Anastasia Sa… https://t.co/YkIuijjtZ1,nan,Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022.Among a high-impact shortlist for this year’s prize  Anastasia Sa… https://t.co/YkIuijjtZ1,neutral,0.09,0.85,0.06,neutral,0.09,0.85,0.06,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'high-impact shortlist', 'Anastasia Sa', 'year', 'YkIuijjtZ1', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'high-impact shortlist', 'Anastasia Sa', 'year', 'YkIuijjtZ1']",2022-04-12,2022-04-19,Unknown
2737,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,TPG is open for our spring season!For the Record: Photography &amp; the Art of the Album Cover  Deutsche Börse Photog… https://t.co/ofuo338Ka3,nan,TPG is open for our spring season!For the Record: Photography &amp; the Art of the Album Cover  Deutsche Börse Photog… https://t.co/ofuo338Ka3,neutral,0.12,0.85,0.02,neutral,0.12,0.85,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photog', 'spring season', 'Album Cover', 'TPG', 'Record', 'Photography', 'Art', 'ofuo338Ka3', 'Deutsche Börse Photog', 'spring season', 'Album Cover', 'TPG', 'Record', 'Photography', 'Art', 'ofuo338Ka3']",2022-04-12,2022-04-19,Unknown
2856,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream and FNZ Develop Strategic Partnership Deutsche Börse Group’s post-trade services provider  Clearstream… https://t.co/7KwDfgmjIM,nan,Clearstream and FNZ Develop Strategic Partnership Deutsche Börse Group’s post-trade services provider  Clearstream… https://t.co/7KwDfgmjIM,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'post-trade services provider', 'Strategic Partnership', 'Clearstream', 'FNZ', 'KwDfgmjIM', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'post-trade services provider', 'Strategic Partnership', 'Clearstream', 'FNZ', 'KwDfgmjIM']",2022-04-13,2022-04-19,Unknown
2857,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse Group’s post-trade services provider Clearstream has partnered with FNZ  the global wealth managemen… https://t.co/FxXviJk3es,nan,Deutsche Börse Group’s post-trade services provider Clearstream has partnered with FNZ  the global wealth managemen… https://t.co/FxXviJk3es,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'post-trade services provider', 'global wealth managemen', 'Clearstream', 'FNZ', 'FxXviJk3es', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'post-trade services provider', 'global wealth managemen', 'Clearstream', 'FNZ', 'FxXviJk3es']",2022-04-13,2022-04-19,Unknown
2909,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Muscat Clearing and Depository Company signs an agreement with Euroclear International Corporation.#Omanspire #Oman https://t.co/iG8aX3y4a8,nan,Muscat Clearing and Depository Company signs an agreement with Euroclear International Corporation.#Omanspire #Oman https://t.co/iG8aX3y4a8,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Euroclear International Corporation', 'Muscat Clearing', 'Depository Company', 'agreement', 'Omanspire', 'Euroclear International Corporation', 'Muscat Clearing', 'Depository Company', 'agreement', 'Omanspire']",2022-04-14,2022-04-19,Unknown
2910,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Crypto Ape News: Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/wb4CANVoKo… https://t.co/oDZeT7Z4as,nan,Crypto Ape News: Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/wb4CANVoKo… https://t.co/oDZeT7Z4as,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['digital ledger technology strategy', 'Crypto Ape News', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'wb4CANVoKo', 'oDZeT7Z4as', 'digital ledger technology strategy', 'Crypto Ape News', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'wb4CANVoKo', 'oDZeT7Z4as']",2022-04-14,2022-04-19,Unknown
2922,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,ClearStream completes Refinancing of Credit Facility https://t.co/0jU7hWF8xj,nan,ClearStream completes Refinancing of Credit Facility https://t.co/0jU7hWF8xj,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Credit Facility', 'ClearStream', 'Refinancing', 'Credit Facility', 'ClearStream', 'Refinancing']",2022-04-14,2022-04-19,Unknown
2923,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/DZbAOFe7sV,nan,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/DZbAOFe7sV,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,True,English,"['asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', 'DZbAOFe7sV', 'asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', 'DZbAOFe7sV']",2022-04-14,2022-04-19,Unknown
2924,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Thanks to @futurism for naming our ClearStream 4V the Best Overall Outdoor #TVAntenna! See how our antennas compare… https://t.co/TGPASb4eNS,nan,Thanks to @futurism for naming our ClearStream 4V the Best Overall Outdoor #TVAntenna! See how our antennas compare… https://t.co/TGPASb4eNS,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['ClearStream 4V', 'Outdoor', 'TVAntenna', 'antennas', 'TGPASb4eNS', 'ClearStream 4V', 'Outdoor', 'TVAntenna', 'antennas', 'TGPASb4eNS']",2022-04-14,2022-04-19,Unknown
2925,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/Nk4rWzPsOn,nan,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/Nk4rWzPsOn,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', 'Nk4rWzPsOn', 'asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', 'Nk4rWzPsOn']",2022-04-14,2022-04-19,Unknown
2926,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/ATJGIG0AJv,nan,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/ATJGIG0AJv,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,True,English,"['asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', 'ATJGIG0AJv', 'asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', 'ATJGIG0AJv']",2022-04-14,2022-04-19,Unknown
2938,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Today… Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022💎 Two of my favourites: Deana Lawson &amp; Gilles Peress.… https://t.co/75k0k3vwxo,nan,Today… Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022💎 Two of my favourites: Deana Lawson &amp; Gilles Peress.… https://t.co/75k0k3vwxo,positive,0.69,0.29,0.02,positive,0.69,0.29,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Deana Lawson', 'Gilles Peress', 'favourites', 'amp', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Deana Lawson', 'Gilles Peress', 'favourites', 'amp']",2022-04-14,2022-04-19,Unknown
2993,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Crypto paytech MoonPay receives $87m from entertainment and sporting stars #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/CIzizfnBEN #regtech,nan,Crypto paytech MoonPay receives $87m from entertainment and sporting stars #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/CIzizfnBEN #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Crypto paytech MoonPay', 'sporting stars', 'entertainment', 'Fintech', 'CIzizfnBEN', 'regtech', 'Crypto paytech MoonPay', 'sporting stars', 'entertainment', 'Fintech', 'CIzizfnBEN', 'regtech']",2022-04-15,2022-04-19,Unknown
2994,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,ICYMI fintech funding round-up: Winden  EximPe  Uplinq  ImaliPay &amp; SwooshTransfer #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/cZkQjCovDC,nan,ICYMI fintech funding round-up: Winden  EximPe  Uplinq  ImaliPay &amp; SwooshTransfer #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/cZkQjCovDC,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['ICYMI fintech funding round-up', 'Winden', 'EximPe', 'Uplinq', 'ImaliPay', 'amp', 'SwooshTransfer', 'cZkQjCovDC', 'ICYMI fintech funding round-up', 'Winden', 'EximPe', 'Uplinq', 'ImaliPay', 'amp', 'SwooshTransfer', 'cZkQjCovDC']",2022-04-15,2022-04-19,Unknown
3002,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@jpraffarin A crook will always follow another crook.#Clearstream,nan,@jpraffarin A crook will always follow another crook.#Clearstream,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['jpraffarin', 'crook', 'Clearstream', 'jpraffarin', 'crook', 'Clearstream']",2022-04-15,2022-04-19,Unknown
3035,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Jobinar: Euroclear – Here IT mattershttps://t.co/N7S9XYJXYO https://t.co/am7NSkfTbf,nan,Jobinar: Euroclear – Here IT mattershttps://t.co/N7S9XYJXYO https://t.co/am7NSkfTbf,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['Jobinar', 'Euroclear', 'IT', 'N7S9XYJXYO', 'am7NSkfTbf', 'Jobinar', 'Euroclear', 'IT', 'N7S9XYJXYO', 'am7NSkfTbf']",2022-04-16,2022-04-19,Unknown
3036,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Dao92256627 @HappyIsAWarmBun @dampedspring @AndyWang2018030 Belgium is the location of Euroclear’s headquarters  i… https://t.co/8jUcH4NUBG,nan,@Dao92256627 @HappyIsAWarmBun @dampedspring @AndyWang2018030 Belgium is the location of Euroclear’s headquarters  i… https://t.co/8jUcH4NUBG,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['AndyWang2018030 Belgium', 'Dao92256627', 'HappyIsAWarmBun', 'dampedspring', 'location', 'Euroclear', 'headquarters', '8jUcH4NUBG', 'AndyWang2018030 Belgium', 'Dao92256627', 'HappyIsAWarmBun', 'dampedspring', 'location', 'Euroclear', 'headquarters', '8jUcH4NUBG']",2022-04-16,2022-04-19,Unknown
3064,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/KUi2ykyGAb,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/KUi2ykyGAb,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'KUi2ykyGAb', 'digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'KUi2ykyGAb']",2022-04-17,2022-04-19,Unknown
3065,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@investor743 @dampedspring Via this firm called Euroclear from memory,nan,@investor743 @dampedspring Via this firm called Euroclear from memory,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.05,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['investor743', 'dampedspring', 'firm', 'memory', 'investor743', 'dampedspring', 'firm', 'memory']",2022-04-16,2022-04-19,Unknown
3067,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@clearstream_io why are our texts from @vortexchurch not going out?,nan,@clearstream_io why are our texts from @vortexchurch not going out?,negative,0.02,0.35,0.64,negative,0.02,0.35,0.64,True,English,"['clearstream_io', 'texts', 'clearstream_io', 'texts']",2022-04-16,2022-04-19,Unknown
3080,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+424B2+TORONTO+DOMINION+BANK/19923751.html,Form 424B2 TORONTO DOMINION BANK,1 day ago,Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2)Registration Statement No. 333-262557The information in this preliminary pricing supplement is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary pricing supplement is not an offer to sell nor does it seek an offer to buy these Notes in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted.Subject to Completion  dated April 18  2022Pricing Supplement dated   2022 to theProspectus Supplement dated March 4  2022 andProspectus dated March 4  2022The Toronto-Dominion Bank $[ ● ] Callable Fixed Rate Notes Due April 30  2024The Toronto-Dominion Bank (“TD” or “we”) is offering the Callable Fixed Rate Notes due April 30  2024 (the “Notes”) described below.CUSIP / ISIN: 89114VCW5 / US89114VCW54The Notes will accrue interest at a fixed rate of 3.00% per annum from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.TD will pay interest on the Notes on the last calendar day of each January  April  July and October (each  an “Interest Payment Date”)   commencing on July 31  2022 and ending on the Maturity Date .TD may  at its option  elect to redeem the Notes in whole  but not in part  on the last calendar day of each January  April  July and October (each  an “Optional Call Date”)  upon five Business Days’ prior written notice  commencing on July 31  2022  and ending on the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date. Any payments on the Notes are subject to the credit risk of TD. The Notes are unsecured and are not savings accounts or insured deposits of a bank. The Notes are not insured or guaranteed by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “CDIC”)  the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency or instrumentality of Canada or the United States.The Notes are bail-inable debt securities (as defined in the prospectus) and subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of TD or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or extinguishment in consequence  and subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the accompanying prospectus.The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network.Investment in the Notes involves a number of risks. See “Additional Risk Factors” beginning on page P-5 of this pricing supplement  “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-4 of the prospectus supplement dated March 4  2022 (the “prospectus supplement”) and “Risk Factors” beginning on page 1 of the prospectus dated March 4  2022 (the “prospectus”).Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these Notes or determined that this pricing supplement  the prospectus supplement or the prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.We will deliver the Notes in book-entry only form through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company on the Issue Date  against payment in immediately available funds.Public Offering Price1 Underwriting Discount1 2 Proceeds to TD2 Per Security $1 000.00 Up to $18.50 At least $ 981.50 Total $ $ $1 Certain dealers who purchase the Notes for sale to certain fee-based advisory accounts may forgo some or all of their selling concessions  fees or commissions. The public offering price for investors purchasing the Notes in these accounts may be as low as $985.00 (98.50%) per $1 000 Principal Amount of the Notes.2 TD Securities (USA) LLC will receive a commission of up to $18.50 (1.85%) per $1 000 Principal Amount of the Notes and may use all or a portion of that commission to allow selling concessions to other dealers in connection with the distribution of the Notes. The other dealers may forgo  in their sole discretion  some or all of their selling concessions. The total “Underwriting Discount” and “Proceeds to TD” to be specified above will reflect the aggregate of the underwriting discounts per Note at the time TD established any hedge positions on or prior to the Pricing Date  which may be variable and fluctuate depending on market conditions at such times. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” herein.Callable Fixed Rate Notes Due April 30  2024SummaryThe information in this “Summary” section is qualified by the more detailed information set forth in this pricing supplement  the prospectus supplement and the prospectus.Issuer: The Toronto-Dominion Bank Issue: Senior Debt Securities  Series D Type of Note: Callable Fixed Rate Notes CUSIP / ISIN: 89114VCW5 / US 89114VCW54 Underwriter: TD Securities (USA) LLC Currency: U.S. Dollars Minimum Investment: $1 000 and minimum denominations of $1 000 in excess thereof. Principal Amount: $1 000 per Note Issue Price: 100% of the Principal Amount per Note Pricing Date: April 26  2022 Issue Date: April 29  2022  which is the third DTC settlement day following the Pricing Date. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the “Exchange Act”)  trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in two DTC settlement days (“T+2”)  unless the parties to a trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly  purchasers who wish to trade the Notes in the secondary market on any date prior to two DTC settlement days before delivery of the Notes will be required  by virtue of the fact that each Note initially will settle in three DTC settlement days (“T+3”)  to specify alternative settlement arrangements to prevent a failed settlement of the secondary market trade. Maturity Date: April 30  2024   subject to redemption by TD prior to the Maturity Date as set forth below under “Redemption”. If the Maturity Date is not a Business Day  the Principal Amount will be paid on the on the next Business Day. Payment at Maturity If the Notes have not been redeemed by us  as described elsewhere in this pricing supplement  TD will pay you the Principal Amount of your Notes plus any accrued and unpaid interest. Interest Rate: 3.00% per annum  payable on each Interest Payment Date  in arrears from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date Day Count Fraction: 30/360 For the avoidance of doubt  each month is deemed to have 30 days and each year is deemed to have 360 days. Therefore  each interest period is deemed to have 90 days and each year is deemed to have 360 days  resulting in equal interest payments. Interest Payment Dates: The last calendar day of each January  April  July and October  commencing on July 31  2022 and ending on the Maturity Date. If an Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day  interest shall be paid on the next Business Day  without adjustment for period end dates and no interest shall be paid in respect of the delay. Redemption: The Notes are redeemable by TD  in whole  but not in part  on any Optional Call Date at 100% of their Principal Amount together with accrued and unpaid interest from and including the previous Interest Payment Date  to  but excluding the applicable Optional Call Date. TD will provide written notice to DTC at least five (5) Business Days prior to the applicable Optional Call Date. In the event TD gives notice to DTC of its intention to redeem the Notes  the decision to give such notice will be subject to the prior approval of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions if such redemption would lead to a breach of TD’s Total Loss Absorbing Capacity requirements.Optional Call Dates: The last calendar day of January  April  July and October of each year  commencing on July 31  2022  and ending on the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date. If an Optional Call Date is not a Business Day  then the Notes will be redeemed on the next Business Day and no interest shall be paid in respect of the delay. Business Day: Any day that is a Monday  Tuesday  Wednesday  Thursday or Friday that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law to close in New York City. U.S. Tax Treatment: The Notes should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as fixed rate debt instruments that are issued without original issue discount  as discussed further herein under “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences”. Canadian Tax Treatment: Please see the discussion under the caption “Tax Consequences—Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus  which applies to your Notes. Calculation Agent: TD Listing: The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network. Clearance and Settlement: DTC Global (including through its indirect participants Euroclear and Clearstream  Luxembourg) as described under “Description of the Debt Securities—Forms of the Debt Securities” and “Ownership  Book-Entry Procedures and Settlement” in the prospectus. Terms Incorporated in the Master Note: All of the terms appearing above the item captioned “Listing” above and the terms appearing under the caption “Description of the Notes We May Offer” in the prospectus supplement  as modified by this pricing supplement. Canadian Bail-in Powers: The Notes are bail-inable debt securities (as defined in the prospectus) and subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or extinguishment in consequence  and subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers. Agreement with Respect to the Exercise of Canadian Bail-in Powers: By its acquisition of an interest in any Note  each holder or beneficial owner of that Note is deemed to (i) agree to be bound  in respect of the Notes  by the CDIC Act  including the conversion of the Notes  in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act and the variation or extinguishment of the Notes in consequence  and by the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes; (ii) attorn and submit to the jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Ontario with respect to the CDIC Act and those laws; and (iii) acknowledge and agree that the terms referred to in paragraphs (i) and (ii)  above  are binding on that holder or beneficial owner despite any provisions in the indenture or the Notes  any other law that governs the Notes and any other agreement  arrangement or understanding between that holder or beneficial owner and the Bank with respect to the Notes. Holders and beneficial owners of Notes will have no further rights in respect of their bail-inable debt securities to the extent those bail-inable debt securities are converted in a bail-in conversion  other than those provided under the bail-in regime  and by its acquisition of an interest in any Note  each holder or beneficial owner of that Note is deemed to irrevocably consent to the converted portion of the Principal Amount of that Note and any accrued and unpaid interest thereon being deemed paid in full by the Bank by the issuance of common shares of the Bank (or  if applicable  any of its affiliates) upon the occurrence of a bail-in conversion  which bail-in conversion will occur without any further action on the part of that holder or beneficial owner or the trustee; provided that  for the avoidance of doubt  this consent will not limit or otherwise affect any rights that holders or beneficial owners may have under the bail-in regime. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers.The Pricing Date  the Issue Date and all other dates listed above are subject to change. These dates will be set forth in the final pricing supplement that will be made available in connection with sales of the Notes.Additional Terms of Your NotesYou should read this pricing supplement together with the prospectus  as supplemented by the prospectus supplement  relating to our Senior Debt Securities  Series D  of which these Notes are a part. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this pricing supplement will have the meanings given to them in the prospectus supplement. In the event of any conflict  this pricing supplement will control. The Notes vary from the terms described in the prospectus supplement in several important ways. You should read this pricing supplement carefully.This pricing supplement  together with the documents listed below  contains the terms of the Notes and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral statements as well as any other written materials including preliminary or indicative pricing terms  correspondence  trade ideas  structures for implementation  sample structures  brochures or other educational materials of ours. You should carefully consider  among other things  the matters set forth in “Additional Risk Factors” of this pricing supplement and “Risk Factors” of the prospectus supplement and the prospectus  as the Notes involve risks not associated with conventional debt securities. We urge you to consult your investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors concerning an investment in the Notes. You may access these documents on the SEC website at www.sec.gov as follows (or if that address has changed  by reviewing our filings for the relevant date on the SEC website):◾ Prospectus dated March 4  2022:◾ Prospectus Supplement dated March 4  2022:Our Central Index Key  or CIK  on the SEC website is 0000947263. As used in this pricing supplement  the “Bank ” “we ” “us ” or “our” refers to The Toronto-Dominion Bank and its subsidiaries.We reserve the right to change the terms of  or reject any offer to purchase  the Notes prior to their issuance. In the event of any changes to the terms of the Notes  we will notify you and you will be asked to accept such changes in connection with your purchase. You may also choose to reject such changes  in which case we may reject your offer to purchase.Additional Risk FactorsThe Notes involve risks not associated with an investment in ordinary fixed rate notes. This section describes the most significant risks relating to the terms of the Notes. For additional information as to these risks  please see the prospectus supplement and the prospectus.You should carefully consider whether the Notes are suited to your particular circumstances. Accordingly  you should consult your investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors as to the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and the suitability of the Notes in light of your particular circumstances.Risks Relating to Structure and Credit CharacteristicsInvestors Are Subject to Our Credit Risk  and Our Credit Ratings and Credit Spreads May Adversely Affect the Market Value of the Notes.Investors are dependent on TD’s ability to pay all amounts due on the Notes on the Interest Payment Dates and the Maturity Date  and  therefore  investors are subject to the credit risk of TD and to changes in the market’s view of TD’s creditworthiness. Any decrease in TD’s credit ratings or increase in the credit spreads charged by the market for taking TD’s credit risk is likely to adversely affect the market value of the Notes. If TD becomes unable to meet its financial obligations as they become due  investors may not receive any amounts due under the terms of the Notes.The Notes will be Subject to Risks  Including Conversion in Whole or in Part — by Means of a Transaction or Series of Transactions and in One or More Steps — into Common Shares of TD or Any of its Affiliates  Under Canadian Bank Resolution Powers.Under Canadian bank resolution powers  the CDIC may  in circumstances where TD has ceased  or is about to cease  to be viable  assume temporary control or ownership of TD and may be granted broad powers by one or more orders of the Governor in Council (Canada)  including the power to sell or dispose of all or a part of the assets of TD  and the power to carry out or cause TD to carry out a transaction or a series of transactions the purpose of which is to restructure the business of TD. If the CDIC were to take action under the Canadian bank resolution powers with respect to TD  this could result in holders or beneficial owners of the Notes being exposed to losses and conversion of the Notes in whole or in part — by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps — into common shares of TD or any of its affiliates.As a result  you should consider the risk that you may lose all or part of your investment  including the Principal Amount plus any accrued interest  if the CDIC were to take action under the Canadian bank resolution powers  including the bail-in regime  and that any remaining outstanding Notes  or common shares of TD or any of its affiliates into which the Notes are converted  may be of little value at the time of a bail-in conversion and thereafter. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the accompanying prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers.The Notes Are Subject to Early Redemption at TD's Option.TD has the option to redeem the Notes on any Optional Call Date as set forth above. It is more likely that we will redeem the Notes prior to the Maturity Date in the event that the interest payable on the Notes is greater than the interest that would be payable on our other instruments of a comparable maturity  terms and credit rating trading in the market. If the Notes are redeemed prior to their stated Maturity Date  you may have to re-invest the proceeds in a lower rate environment.Risks Relating to Valuation and LiquidityThe Agent Discount  Offering Expenses and Certain Hedging Costs Are Likely to Adversely Affect Secondary Market Prices.Assuming no changes in market conditions or any other relevant factors  the price  if any  at which you may be able to sell the Notes will likely be less than the public offering price. The public offering price includes  and any price quoted to you is likely to exclude  the underwriting discount paid in connection with the initial distribution  offering expenses as well as the cost of hedging our obligations under the Notes. In addition  any such price is also likely to reflect dealer discounts  mark-ups and other transaction costs  such as a discount to account for costs associated with establishing or unwinding any related hedge transaction.There May Not Be an Active Trading Market for the Notes — Sales in the Secondary Market May Result in Significant Losses.There may be little or no secondary market for the Notes. The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network. TD Securities (USA) LLC and other affiliates of TD may make a market for the Notes; however  they are not required to do so. TD Securities (USA) LLC or any other affiliate of TD may stop any market-making activities at any time. Even if a secondary market for the Notes develops  it may not provide significant liquidity or trade at prices advantageous to you. We expect that transaction costs in any secondary market would be high. As a result  the difference between bid and ask prices for your Notes in any secondary market could be substantial.If you sell your Notes before the Maturity Date  you may have to do so at a substantial discount from the Issue Price  and as a result  you may suffer substantial losses.The Temporary Price at Which the Underwriter May Initially Buy The Notes in the Secondary Market May Exceed Other Secondary Market Values and  Depending on Your Broker  the Valuation Provided on Your Customer Account Statements May Not Be Indicative of Future Prices of Your Notes.Assuming that all relevant factors remain constant after the Pricing Date  the price at which the Underwriter may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market (if the Underwriter makes a market in the Notes  which it is not obligated to do) may  for a temporary period after the Pricing Date of the Notes  exceed the secondary market value of the Notes  as discussed further under “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest).” During this temporary period such prices may  depending on your broker  be greater than the valuation provided on your customer account statements; you should inquire with your broker as to the valuation provided on your customer account statement. The price at which the Underwriter may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market may not be indicative of future prices of your Notes.Risks Relating to Canadian and U.S. Federal Income TaxationSignificant Aspects of the Tax Treatment of the Notes May Be Uncertain.The U.S. tax treatment of the Notes may be uncertain. Please read carefully the section entitled “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences” below. You should consult your tax advisor about your tax situation.For a discussion of the Canadian federal income tax consequences of investing in the Notes  please see “Tax Consequences—Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus. If you are not a Non-resident Holder (as that term is defined in “Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus) for Canadian federal income tax purposes or if you acquire the Notes in the secondary market  you should consult your tax advisors as to the consequences of acquiring  holding and disposing of the Notes and receiving the payments that might be due under the Notes.Material U.S. Federal Income Tax ConsequencesGeneral The following discussion summarizes certain U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. Holders of the purchase  beneficial ownership and disposition of the Notes. This discussion replaces the federal income tax discussions in the prospectus supplement and prospectus. The discussion herein does not address the consequences to taxpayers subject to special tax accounting rules under Section 451(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986  as amended (the “Code”).For purposes of this summary  a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of a Note that is:• an individual who is a citizen or a resident of the U.S.  for U.S. federal income tax purposes;• a corporation (or other entity that is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is created or organized in or under the laws of the U.S. or any State thereof (including the District of Columbia);• an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or• a trust if a court within the U.S. is able to exercise primary supervision over its administration  and one or more U.S. persons  for U.S. federal income tax purposes  have the authority to control all of its substantial decisions.For purposes of this summary  a “Non-U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of a Note that is:• a nonresident alien individual for federal income tax purposes;• a foreign corporation for federal income tax purposes; or• an estate or trust whose income is not subject to federal income tax on a net income basis.An individual may  subject to certain exceptions  be deemed to be a resident of the U.S. for U.S. federal income tax purposes by reason of being present in the U.S. for 31 days or more in the calendar year and for an aggregate of 183 days or more during a three year period ending in the current calendar year (counting for such purposes all of the days present in the current year  one third of the days present in the immediately preceding year  and one sixth of the days present in the second preceding year).This summary is based on interpretations of the Code  regulations issued thereunder  and rulings and decisions currently in effect (or in some cases proposed)  all of which are subject to change. Any such change may be applied retroactively and may materially and adversely affect the U.S. federal income tax consequences described herein. In addition  this summary addresses only holders that purchase Notes at initial issuance  and own Notes as capital assets and not as part of a “straddle ” “hedge ” “synthetic security ” or a “conversion transaction” for U.S. federal income tax purposes or as part of some other integrated investment. This summary does not discuss all of the tax consequences (such as any alternative minimum tax consequences) that may be relevant to particular investors or to investors subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws (such as banks  thrifts or other financial institutions; insurance companies; securities dealers or brokers  or traders in securities electing mark-to-market treatment; regulated investment companies or real estate investment trusts; small business investment companies; S corporations; partnerships; or investors that hold their Notes through a partnership or other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes; holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; certain former citizens or residents of the U.S.; retirement plans or other tax-exempt entities  or persons holding the Notes in tax-deferred or tax-advantaged accounts; persons that purchase or sell the Notes as part of a wash sale for tax purposes; or “controlled foreign corporations” or “passive foreign investment companies” for U.S. federal income tax purposes). This summary also does not address the tax consequences to shareholders  or other equity holders in  or beneficiaries of  a holder  or any state  local or non-U.S. tax consequences of the purchase  ownership or disposition of the Notes. Persons considering the purchase of Notes should consult their tax advisors concerning the application of U.S. federal income tax laws to their particular situations as well as any consequences of the purchase  beneficial ownership and disposition of Notes arising under the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction.U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of the NotesWhile there is no authority that specifically addresses the U.S. federal income tax treatment of bail-inable debt securities such as the Notes  the Notes should be treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes  and the balance of this summary assumes that such Notes are treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However  the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) could assert that the Notes should be treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Nevertheless  treatment of the Notes as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes should not result in inclusions of income with respect to the Notes that are materially different from those if the Notes are treated as indebtedness. If the Notes were treated as equity  it is unlikely that interest payments on the Notes that are treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes would be treated as “qualified dividend income” for U.S. federal income tax purposes and  if such dividends were not treated as qualified dividend income  amounts treated as dividends would be taxed at ordinary income tax rates. You should consult with your tax advisor regarding the appropriate characterization of bail-inable debt securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes  and the U.S. federal income and other tax consequences of any bail-in conversion.The Notes should be treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes as discussed above  with interest payments on the Notes taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time it accrues or is received in accordance with the U.S. Holder’s normal method of accounting for tax purposes. Pursuant to the terms of the Notes  you agree to treat the Notes consistent with our treatment for all U.S. federal income tax purposes. We do not plan to request a ruling from the IRS regarding the tax treatment of the Notes  and the IRS or a court may not agree with the tax treatment described in this pricing supplement. We urge you to consult your tax advisor as to the tax consequences of your investment in the Notes.Based on certain factual representations received from us  our special U.S. tax counsel  Fried  Frank  Harris  Shriver & Jacobson LLP  is of the opinion that the Notes should be treated in the manner described above. However  the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Notes is uncertain.Sale  Exchange  Early Redemption or Maturity of the NotesUpon the disposition of a Note by sale  exchange  early redemption  maturity or other taxable disposition  a U.S. Holder should generally recognize taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between (1) the amount realized on such taxable disposition (other than amounts attributable to accrued but untaxed interest) and (2) the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will equal the U.S. Holder’s cost of the Note. Because the Note is held as a “capital asset”  as defined in Section 1221 of the Code  such gain or loss will generally constitute capital gain or loss. Capital gain of a non-corporate U.S. Holder is generally taxed at preferential rates where the holder has a holding period of greater than one year. The deductibility of a capital loss realized on the taxable disposition of a Note is subject to limitations.Medicare Tax on Net Investment IncomeU.S. Holders that are individuals  estates or certain trusts are subject to an additional 3.8% tax on all or a portion of their “net investment income ” or “undistributed net investment income” in the case of an estate or trust  which may include any income or gain realized with respect to the Notes  to the extent of their net investment income or undistributed net investment income (as the case may be) that  when added to their other modified adjusted gross income  exceeds $200 000 for an unmarried individual  $250 000 for a married taxpayer filing a joint return (or a surviving spouse)  $125 000 for a married individual filing a separate return or the dollar amount at which the highest tax bracket begins for an estate or trust. The 3.8% Medicare tax is determined in a different manner than the income tax. U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors as to the consequences of the 3.8% Medicare tax.Specified Foreign Financial AssetsCertain U.S. Holders that own “specified foreign financial assets” in excess of an applicable threshold may be subject to reporting obligations with respect to such assets with their tax returns  especially if such assets are held outside the custody of a U.S. financial institution. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors as to the application of this reporting obligation to their ownership of the Notes.Tax Treatment of Non-U.S. HoldersIn general and subject to the discussion below  payments on the Notes to a Non-U.S. Holder and gain realized on the sale  exchange  early redemption  maturity or other taxable disposition of the Notes by a Non-U.S. Holder will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax  unless (1) such income is effectively connected with a trade or business conducted by such Non-U.S. Holder in the U.S.  (2) in the case of gain  such Non-U.S. Holder is a nonresident alien individual who holds the Notes as a capital asset and is present in the U.S. for 183 days or more in the taxable year of the sale and certain other conditions are satisfied  (3) such Non-U.S. Holder fails to provide the relevant correct  complete and executed IRS Form W-8 or (4) such Non-U.S. Holder has certain other present or former connections with the U.S.Backup Withholding and Information ReportingInterest paid on  and the proceeds received from a sale  exchange  early redemption  maturity or other taxable disposition of Notes held by a U.S. Holder will be subject to information reporting unless the U.S. Holder is an “exempt recipient” and may also be subject to backup withholding if the holder fails to provide certain identifying information (such as an accurate taxpayer number) or meet certain other conditions. Amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are not additional taxes and may be refunded or credited against your U.S. federal income tax liability  provided the required information is furnished to the IRS.Payments of principal and interest on  and proceeds from the taxable disposition of  Notes held by a Non-U.S. Holder to or through certain brokers may be subject to a backup withholding tax on “reportable payments” unless  in general  such Non-U.S. Holder complies with certain procedures or is an exempt recipient. Any such amounts so withheld from distributions on the Notes generally will be refunded by the IRS or allowed as a credit against such Non-U.S. Holder’s federal income tax  provided such Non-U.S. Holder makes a timely filing of an appropriate tax return or refund claim. Reports will be made to the IRS and to holders that are not excepted from the reporting requirements.Both U.S. and Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Notes  as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state  local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction (including that of TD).Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)We have appointed TD Securities (USA) LLC  an affiliate of TD  as the agent for the sale of the Notes. Pursuant to the terms of a distribution agreement  TD Securities (USA) LLC will purchase the Notes from TD at the public offering price less the underwriting discount set forth on the cover page of this pricing supplement for distribution to other registered broker-dealers. Such other registered broker-dealers will offer the Notes at the public offering price set forth on the cover page of this pricing supplement. Certain dealers who purchase the Notes for sale to certain fee-based advisory accounts may forgo some or all of their selling concessions  fees or commissions. The public offering price for investors purchasing the Notes in these accounts may be as low as $985.00 (98.50%) per $1 000 Principal Amount of the Notes. TD Securities (USA) LLC will receive a commission of up to $18.50 (1.85%) per $1 000 Principal Amount of the Notes and may use all or a portion of that commission to allow selling concessions to other dealers in connection with the distribution of the Notes. The other dealers may forgo  in their sole discretion  some or all of their selling concessions. The total “Underwriting Discount” and “Proceeds to TD” to be specified on the cover hereof will reflect the aggregate of the underwriting discounts per Note at the time TD established any hedge positions on or prior to the Pricing Date  which may be variable and fluctuate depending on market conditions at such times.Assuming that all relevant factors remain constant after the Pricing Date  the price at which the Underwriter may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market  if any  may  for a temporary period expected to be approximately 18 months after the Issue Date  exceed the secondary market value of the Notes because  in our discretion  we may elect to effectively reimburse to investors a portion of the estimated cost of hedging our obligations under the Notes and other costs in connection with the Notes which we will no longer expect to incur over the term of the Notes. This discretionary election and the temporary reimbursement period are determined on the basis of a number of factors  including the tenor of the Notes and any agreement we may have with the distributors of the Notes. The amount of our estimated costs which we effectively reimburse to investors in this way may not be allocated ratably throughout the reimbursement period  and we may discontinue such reimbursement at any time or revise the duration of the reimbursement period after the Issue Date of the Notes based on changes in market conditions and other factors that cannot be predicted.Conflicts of Interest . TD Securities (USA) LLC is an affiliate of TD and  as such  has a “conflict of interest” in this offering within the meaning of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority  Inc. (“FINRA”) Rule 5121. If any other affiliate of TD  including but not limited to TD Ameritrade  Inc.  participates in this offering  that affiliate will also have a “conflict of interest” within the meaning of FINRA Rule 5121. In addition  TD will receive the net proceeds from the initial public offering of the Notes  thus creating an additional conflict of interest within the meaning of FINRA Rule 5121. This offering of the Notes will be conducted in compliance with the provisions of FINRA Rule 5121. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5121  neither TDS nor any other affiliate of ours is permitted to sell the Notes in this offering to an account over which it exercises discretionary authority without the prior specific written approval of the account holder.We may use this pricing supplement in the initial sale of the Notes. In addition  TD Securities (USA) LLC or another of our affiliates may use this pricing supplement in a market-making transaction in the Notes after their initial sale. Unless we or our agent informs the purchaser otherwise in the confirmation of sale  this pricing supplement is being used in a market-making transaction.Prohibition of Sales to EEA and United Kingdom Retail InvestorsThe Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU  as amended (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC  as amended  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Directive 2003/71/EC  as amended. Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.The Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes  a retail investor in the UK means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  subject to amendments made by the Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018 (SI 2018/1403)  as may be amended or superseded from time to time (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently  no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.25,0.73,True,English,"['TORONTO DOMINION BANK', 'Form 424B2', 'five Business Days’ prior written notice', 'U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Public Offering Price1 Underwriting Discount1', 'Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'Canadian Bank Resolution Powers', 'Callable Fixed Rate Notes', 'The Toronto-Dominion Bank Issue', 'total “Underwriting Discount', 'last calendar day', 'electronic communications network', 'Optional Call Date', 'other governmental agency', 'bail-inable debt securities', 'Senior Debt Securities', 'fee-based advisory accounts', 'Series D Type', 'preliminary pricing supplement', 'Additional Risk Factors', 'Interest Payment Date', 'state securities commission', 'federal laws', 'underwriting discounts', 'Issue Date', 'CDIC Act', 'Pricing Date', 'securities exchange', 'Maturity Date', 'The Notes', 'credit risk', 'Registration Statement', 'savings accounts', 'insured deposits', 'United States', 'common shares', 'Special Provisions', 'criminal offense', 'available funds', 'Principal Amount', 'other dealers', 'sole discretion', 'hedge positions', 'market conditions', 'Supplemental Plan', 'Exchange Commission', 'Prospectus Supplement', 'selling concessions', '2 TD Securities', 'accompanying prospectus', 'Summary” section', 'detailed information', 'Rule', 'sale', 'Completion', 'April', 'March', 'CUSIP', 'ISIN', 'annum', 'January', 'July', 'October', 'part', 'payments', 'instrumentality', 'conversion', 'means', 'transaction', 'one', 'steps', 'affiliates', 'subsection', 'variation', 'extinguishment', 'consequence', 'application', 'Province', 'Ontario', 'respect', 'operation', 'Description', 'Risks', 'Investment', 'number', 'page', 'representation', 'contrary', 'book-entry', 'facilities', 'Proceeds', 'TD2', 'Security', 'fees', 'commissions', 'investors', 'USA', 'LLC', 'portion', 'connection', 'distribution', 'aggregate', 'time', 'Conflicts', 'Issuer']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,streetinsider.com
3082,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,How Splitit's new CEO plans to make BNPL more bank-friendly #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/BX1qirdwtg #regtech,nan,How Splitit's new CEO plans to make BNPL more bank-friendly #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/BX1qirdwtg #regtech,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['new CEO', 'Splitit', 'BNPL', 'BX1qirdwtg', 'regtech', 'new CEO', 'Splitit', 'BNPL', 'BX1qirdwtg', 'regtech']",2022-04-18,2022-04-19,Unknown
3083,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+424B2+TORONTO+DOMINION+BANK/19923751.html,Form 424B2 TORONTO DOMINION BANK,1 day ago,Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2)Registration Statement No. 333-262557The information in this preliminary pricing supplement is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary pricing supplement is not an offer to sell nor does it seek an offer to buy these Notes in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted.Subject to Completion  dated April 18  2022Pricing Supplement dated   2022 to theProspectus Supplement dated March 4  2022 andProspectus dated March 4  2022The Toronto-Dominion Bank $[ ● ] Callable Fixed Rate Notes Due April 30  2024The Toronto-Dominion Bank (“TD” or “we”) is offering the Callable Fixed Rate Notes due April 30  2024 (the “Notes”) described below.CUSIP / ISIN: 89114VCW5 / US89114VCW54The Notes will accrue interest at a fixed rate of 3.00% per annum from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.TD will pay interest on the Notes on the last calendar day of each January  April  July and October (each  an “Interest Payment Date”)   commencing on July 31  2022 and ending on the Maturity Date .TD may  at its option  elect to redeem the Notes in whole  but not in part  on the last calendar day of each January  April  July and October (each  an “Optional Call Date”)  upon five Business Days’ prior written notice  commencing on July 31  2022  and ending on the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date. Any payments on the Notes are subject to the credit risk of TD. The Notes are unsecured and are not savings accounts or insured deposits of a bank. The Notes are not insured or guaranteed by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “CDIC”)  the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency or instrumentality of Canada or the United States.The Notes are bail-inable debt securities (as defined in the prospectus) and subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of TD or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or extinguishment in consequence  and subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the accompanying prospectus.The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network.Investment in the Notes involves a number of risks. See “Additional Risk Factors” beginning on page P-5 of this pricing supplement  “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-4 of the prospectus supplement dated March 4  2022 (the “prospectus supplement”) and “Risk Factors” beginning on page 1 of the prospectus dated March 4  2022 (the “prospectus”).Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these Notes or determined that this pricing supplement  the prospectus supplement or the prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.We will deliver the Notes in book-entry only form through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company on the Issue Date  against payment in immediately available funds.Public Offering Price1 Underwriting Discount1 2 Proceeds to TD2 Per Security $1 000.00 Up to $18.50 At least $ 981.50 Total $ $ $1 Certain dealers who purchase the Notes for sale to certain fee-based advisory accounts may forgo some or all of their selling concessions  fees or commissions. The public offering price for investors purchasing the Notes in these accounts may be as low as $985.00 (98.50%) per $1 000 Principal Amount of the Notes.2 TD Securities (USA) LLC will receive a commission of up to $18.50 (1.85%) per $1 000 Principal Amount of the Notes and may use all or a portion of that commission to allow selling concessions to other dealers in connection with the distribution of the Notes. The other dealers may forgo  in their sole discretion  some or all of their selling concessions. The total “Underwriting Discount” and “Proceeds to TD” to be specified above will reflect the aggregate of the underwriting discounts per Note at the time TD established any hedge positions on or prior to the Pricing Date  which may be variable and fluctuate depending on market conditions at such times. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” herein.Callable Fixed Rate Notes Due April 30  2024SummaryThe information in this “Summary” section is qualified by the more detailed information set forth in this pricing supplement  the prospectus supplement and the prospectus.Issuer: The Toronto-Dominion Bank Issue: Senior Debt Securities  Series D Type of Note: Callable Fixed Rate Notes CUSIP / ISIN: 89114VCW5 / US 89114VCW54 Underwriter: TD Securities (USA) LLC Currency: U.S. Dollars Minimum Investment: $1 000 and minimum denominations of $1 000 in excess thereof. Principal Amount: $1 000 per Note Issue Price: 100% of the Principal Amount per Note Pricing Date: April 26  2022 Issue Date: April 29  2022  which is the third DTC settlement day following the Pricing Date. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the “Exchange Act”)  trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in two DTC settlement days (“T+2”)  unless the parties to a trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly  purchasers who wish to trade the Notes in the secondary market on any date prior to two DTC settlement days before delivery of the Notes will be required  by virtue of the fact that each Note initially will settle in three DTC settlement days (“T+3”)  to specify alternative settlement arrangements to prevent a failed settlement of the secondary market trade. Maturity Date: April 30  2024   subject to redemption by TD prior to the Maturity Date as set forth below under “Redemption”. If the Maturity Date is not a Business Day  the Principal Amount will be paid on the on the next Business Day. Payment at Maturity If the Notes have not been redeemed by us  as described elsewhere in this pricing supplement  TD will pay you the Principal Amount of your Notes plus any accrued and unpaid interest. Interest Rate: 3.00% per annum  payable on each Interest Payment Date  in arrears from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date Day Count Fraction: 30/360 For the avoidance of doubt  each month is deemed to have 30 days and each year is deemed to have 360 days. Therefore  each interest period is deemed to have 90 days and each year is deemed to have 360 days  resulting in equal interest payments. Interest Payment Dates: The last calendar day of each January  April  July and October  commencing on July 31  2022 and ending on the Maturity Date. If an Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day  interest shall be paid on the next Business Day  without adjustment for period end dates and no interest shall be paid in respect of the delay. Redemption: The Notes are redeemable by TD  in whole  but not in part  on any Optional Call Date at 100% of their Principal Amount together with accrued and unpaid interest from and including the previous Interest Payment Date  to  but excluding the applicable Optional Call Date. TD will provide written notice to DTC at least five (5) Business Days prior to the applicable Optional Call Date. In the event TD gives notice to DTC of its intention to redeem the Notes  the decision to give such notice will be subject to the prior approval of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions if such redemption would lead to a breach of TD’s Total Loss Absorbing Capacity requirements.Optional Call Dates: The last calendar day of January  April  July and October of each year  commencing on July 31  2022  and ending on the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date. If an Optional Call Date is not a Business Day  then the Notes will be redeemed on the next Business Day and no interest shall be paid in respect of the delay. Business Day: Any day that is a Monday  Tuesday  Wednesday  Thursday or Friday that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law to close in New York City. U.S. Tax Treatment: The Notes should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as fixed rate debt instruments that are issued without original issue discount  as discussed further herein under “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences”. Canadian Tax Treatment: Please see the discussion under the caption “Tax Consequences—Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus  which applies to your Notes. Calculation Agent: TD Listing: The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network. Clearance and Settlement: DTC Global (including through its indirect participants Euroclear and Clearstream  Luxembourg) as described under “Description of the Debt Securities—Forms of the Debt Securities” and “Ownership  Book-Entry Procedures and Settlement” in the prospectus. Terms Incorporated in the Master Note: All of the terms appearing above the item captioned “Listing” above and the terms appearing under the caption “Description of the Notes We May Offer” in the prospectus supplement  as modified by this pricing supplement. Canadian Bail-in Powers: The Notes are bail-inable debt securities (as defined in the prospectus) and subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or extinguishment in consequence  and subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers. Agreement with Respect to the Exercise of Canadian Bail-in Powers: By its acquisition of an interest in any Note  each holder or beneficial owner of that Note is deemed to (i) agree to be bound  in respect of the Notes  by the CDIC Act  including the conversion of the Notes  in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act and the variation or extinguishment of the Notes in consequence  and by the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes; (ii) attorn and submit to the jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Ontario with respect to the CDIC Act and those laws; and (iii) acknowledge and agree that the terms referred to in paragraphs (i) and (ii)  above  are binding on that holder or beneficial owner despite any provisions in the indenture or the Notes  any other law that governs the Notes and any other agreement  arrangement or understanding between that holder or beneficial owner and the Bank with respect to the Notes. Holders and beneficial owners of Notes will have no further rights in respect of their bail-inable debt securities to the extent those bail-inable debt securities are converted in a bail-in conversion  other than those provided under the bail-in regime  and by its acquisition of an interest in any Note  each holder or beneficial owner of that Note is deemed to irrevocably consent to the converted portion of the Principal Amount of that Note and any accrued and unpaid interest thereon being deemed paid in full by the Bank by the issuance of common shares of the Bank (or  if applicable  any of its affiliates) upon the occurrence of a bail-in conversion  which bail-in conversion will occur without any further action on the part of that holder or beneficial owner or the trustee; provided that  for the avoidance of doubt  this consent will not limit or otherwise affect any rights that holders or beneficial owners may have under the bail-in regime. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers.The Pricing Date  the Issue Date and all other dates listed above are subject to change. These dates will be set forth in the final pricing supplement that will be made available in connection with sales of the Notes.Additional Terms of Your NotesYou should read this pricing supplement together with the prospectus  as supplemented by the prospectus supplement  relating to our Senior Debt Securities  Series D  of which these Notes are a part. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this pricing supplement will have the meanings given to them in the prospectus supplement. In the event of any conflict  this pricing supplement will control. The Notes vary from the terms described in the prospectus supplement in several important ways. You should read this pricing supplement carefully.This pricing supplement  together with the documents listed below  contains the terms of the Notes and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral statements as well as any other written materials including preliminary or indicative pricing terms  correspondence  trade ideas  structures for implementation  sample structures  brochures or other educational materials of ours. You should carefully consider  among other things  the matters set forth in “Additional Risk Factors” of this pricing supplement and “Risk Factors” of the prospectus supplement and the prospectus  as the Notes involve risks not associated with conventional debt securities. We urge you to consult your investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors concerning an investment in the Notes. You may access these documents on the SEC website at www.sec.gov as follows (or if that address has changed  by reviewing our filings for the relevant date on the SEC website):◾ Prospectus dated March 4  2022:◾ Prospectus Supplement dated March 4  2022:Our Central Index Key  or CIK  on the SEC website is 0000947263. As used in this pricing supplement  the “Bank ” “we ” “us ” or “our” refers to The Toronto-Dominion Bank and its subsidiaries.We reserve the right to change the terms of  or reject any offer to purchase  the Notes prior to their issuance. In the event of any changes to the terms of the Notes  we will notify you and you will be asked to accept such changes in connection with your purchase. You may also choose to reject such changes  in which case we may reject your offer to purchase.Additional Risk FactorsThe Notes involve risks not associated with an investment in ordinary fixed rate notes. This section describes the most significant risks relating to the terms of the Notes. For additional information as to these risks  please see the prospectus supplement and the prospectus.You should carefully consider whether the Notes are suited to your particular circumstances. Accordingly  you should consult your investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors as to the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and the suitability of the Notes in light of your particular circumstances.Risks Relating to Structure and Credit CharacteristicsInvestors Are Subject to Our Credit Risk  and Our Credit Ratings and Credit Spreads May Adversely Affect the Market Value of the Notes.Investors are dependent on TD’s ability to pay all amounts due on the Notes on the Interest Payment Dates and the Maturity Date  and  therefore  investors are subject to the credit risk of TD and to changes in the market’s view of TD’s creditworthiness. Any decrease in TD’s credit ratings or increase in the credit spreads charged by the market for taking TD’s credit risk is likely to adversely affect the market value of the Notes. If TD becomes unable to meet its financial obligations as they become due  investors may not receive any amounts due under the terms of the Notes.The Notes will be Subject to Risks  Including Conversion in Whole or in Part — by Means of a Transaction or Series of Transactions and in One or More Steps — into Common Shares of TD or Any of its Affiliates  Under Canadian Bank Resolution Powers.Under Canadian bank resolution powers  the CDIC may  in circumstances where TD has ceased  or is about to cease  to be viable  assume temporary control or ownership of TD and may be granted broad powers by one or more orders of the Governor in Council (Canada)  including the power to sell or dispose of all or a part of the assets of TD  and the power to carry out or cause TD to carry out a transaction or a series of transactions the purpose of which is to restructure the business of TD. If the CDIC were to take action under the Canadian bank resolution powers with respect to TD  this could result in holders or beneficial owners of the Notes being exposed to losses and conversion of the Notes in whole or in part — by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps — into common shares of TD or any of its affiliates.As a result  you should consider the risk that you may lose all or part of your investment  including the Principal Amount plus any accrued interest  if the CDIC were to take action under the Canadian bank resolution powers  including the bail-in regime  and that any remaining outstanding Notes  or common shares of TD or any of its affiliates into which the Notes are converted  may be of little value at the time of a bail-in conversion and thereafter. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the accompanying prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers.The Notes Are Subject to Early Redemption at TD's Option.TD has the option to redeem the Notes on any Optional Call Date as set forth above. It is more likely that we will redeem the Notes prior to the Maturity Date in the event that the interest payable on the Notes is greater than the interest that would be payable on our other instruments of a comparable maturity  terms and credit rating trading in the market. If the Notes are redeemed prior to their stated Maturity Date  you may have to re-invest the proceeds in a lower rate environment.Risks Relating to Valuation and LiquidityThe Agent Discount  Offering Expenses and Certain Hedging Costs Are Likely to Adversely Affect Secondary Market Prices.Assuming no changes in market conditions or any other relevant factors  the price  if any  at which you may be able to sell the Notes will likely be less than the public offering price. The public offering price includes  and any price quoted to you is likely to exclude  the underwriting discount paid in connection with the initial distribution  offering expenses as well as the cost of hedging our obligations under the Notes. In addition  any such price is also likely to reflect dealer discounts  mark-ups and other transaction costs  such as a discount to account for costs associated with establishing or unwinding any related hedge transaction.There May Not Be an Active Trading Market for the Notes — Sales in the Secondary Market May Result in Significant Losses.There may be little or no secondary market for the Notes. The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network. TD Securities (USA) LLC and other affiliates of TD may make a market for the Notes; however  they are not required to do so. TD Securities (USA) LLC or any other affiliate of TD may stop any market-making activities at any time. Even if a secondary market for the Notes develops  it may not provide significant liquidity or trade at prices advantageous to you. We expect that transaction costs in any secondary market would be high. As a result  the difference between bid and ask prices for your Notes in any secondary market could be substantial.If you sell your Notes before the Maturity Date  you may have to do so at a substantial discount from the Issue Price  and as a result  you may suffer substantial losses.The Temporary Price at Which the Underwriter May Initially Buy The Notes in the Secondary Market May Exceed Other Secondary Market Values and  Depending on Your Broker  the Valuation Provided on Your Customer Account Statements May Not Be Indicative of Future Prices of Your Notes.Assuming that all relevant factors remain constant after the Pricing Date  the price at which the Underwriter may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market (if the Underwriter makes a market in the Notes  which it is not obligated to do) may  for a temporary period after the Pricing Date of the Notes  exceed the secondary market value of the Notes  as discussed further under “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest).” During this temporary period such prices may  depending on your broker  be greater than the valuation provided on your customer account statements; you should inquire with your broker as to the valuation provided on your customer account statement. The price at which the Underwriter may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market may not be indicative of future prices of your Notes.Risks Relating to Canadian and U.S. Federal Income TaxationSignificant Aspects of the Tax Treatment of the Notes May Be Uncertain.The U.S. tax treatment of the Notes may be uncertain. Please read carefully the section entitled “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences” below. You should consult your tax advisor about your tax situation.For a discussion of the Canadian federal income tax consequences of investing in the Notes  please see “Tax Consequences—Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus. If you are not a Non-resident Holder (as that term is defined in “Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus) for Canadian federal income tax purposes or if you acquire the Notes in the secondary market  you should consult your tax advisors as to the consequences of acquiring  holding and disposing of the Notes and receiving the payments that might be due under the Notes.Material U.S. Federal Income Tax ConsequencesGeneral The following discussion summarizes certain U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. Holders of the purchase  beneficial ownership and disposition of the Notes. This discussion replaces the federal income tax discussions in the prospectus supplement and prospectus. The discussion herein does not address the consequences to taxpayers subject to special tax accounting rules under Section 451(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986  as amended (the “Code”).For purposes of this summary  a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of a Note that is:• an individual who is a citizen or a resident of the U.S.  for U.S. federal income tax purposes;• a corporation (or other entity that is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is created or organized in or under the laws of the U.S. or any State thereof (including the District of Columbia);• an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or• a trust if a court within the U.S. is able to exercise primary supervision over its administration  and one or more U.S. persons  for U.S. federal income tax purposes  have the authority to control all of its substantial decisions.For purposes of this summary  a “Non-U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of a Note that is:• a nonresident alien individual for federal income tax purposes;• a foreign corporation for federal income tax purposes; or• an estate or trust whose income is not subject to federal income tax on a net income basis.An individual may  subject to certain exceptions  be deemed to be a resident of the U.S. for U.S. federal income tax purposes by reason of being present in the U.S. for 31 days or more in the calendar year and for an aggregate of 183 days or more during a three year period ending in the current calendar year (counting for such purposes all of the days present in the current year  one third of the days present in the immediately preceding year  and one sixth of the days present in the second preceding year).This summary is based on interpretations of the Code  regulations issued thereunder  and rulings and decisions currently in effect (or in some cases proposed)  all of which are subject to change. Any such change may be applied retroactively and may materially and adversely affect the U.S. federal income tax consequences described herein. In addition  this summary addresses only holders that purchase Notes at initial issuance  and own Notes as capital assets and not as part of a “straddle ” “hedge ” “synthetic security ” or a “conversion transaction” for U.S. federal income tax purposes or as part of some other integrated investment. This summary does not discuss all of the tax consequences (such as any alternative minimum tax consequences) that may be relevant to particular investors or to investors subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws (such as banks  thrifts or other financial institutions; insurance companies; securities dealers or brokers  or traders in securities electing mark-to-market treatment; regulated investment companies or real estate investment trusts; small business investment companies; S corporations; partnerships; or investors that hold their Notes through a partnership or other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes; holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; certain former citizens or residents of the U.S.; retirement plans or other tax-exempt entities  or persons holding the Notes in tax-deferred or tax-advantaged accounts; persons that purchase or sell the Notes as part of a wash sale for tax purposes; or “controlled foreign corporations” or “passive foreign investment companies” for U.S. federal income tax purposes). This summary also does not address the tax consequences to shareholders  or other equity holders in  or beneficiaries of  a holder  or any state  local or non-U.S. tax consequences of the purchase  ownership or disposition of the Notes. Persons considering the purchase of Notes should consult their tax advisors concerning the application of U.S. federal income tax laws to their particular situations as well as any consequences of the purchase  beneficial ownership and disposition of Notes arising under the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction.U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of the NotesWhile there is no authority that specifically addresses the U.S. federal income tax treatment of bail-inable debt securities such as the Notes  the Notes should be treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes  and the balance of this summary assumes that such Notes are treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However  the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) could assert that the Notes should be treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Nevertheless  treatment of the Notes as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes should not result in inclusions of income with respect to the Notes that are materially different from those if the Notes are treated as indebtedness. If the Notes were treated as equity  it is unlikely that interest payments on the Notes that are treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes would be treated as “qualified dividend income” for U.S. federal income tax purposes and  if such dividends were not treated as qualified dividend income  amounts treated as dividends would be taxed at ordinary income tax rates. You should consult with your tax advisor regarding the appropriate characterization of bail-inable debt securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes  and the U.S. federal income and other tax consequences of any bail-in conversion.The Notes should be treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes as discussed above  with interest payments on the Notes taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time it accrues or is received in accordance with the U.S. Holder’s normal method of accounting for tax purposes. Pursuant to the terms of the Notes  you agree to treat the Notes consistent with our treatment for all U.S. federal income tax purposes. We do not plan to request a ruling from the IRS regarding the tax treatment of the Notes  and the IRS or a court may not agree with the tax treatment described in this pricing supplement. We urge you to consult your tax advisor as to the tax consequences of your investment in the Notes.Based on certain factual representations received from us  our special U.S. tax counsel  Fried  Frank  Harris  Shriver & Jacobson LLP  is of the opinion that the Notes should be treated in the manner described above. However  the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Notes is uncertain.Sale  Exchange  Early Redemption or Maturity of the NotesUpon the disposition of a Note by sale  exchange  early redemption  maturity or other taxable disposition  a U.S. Holder should generally recognize taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between (1) the amount realized on such taxable disposition (other than amounts attributable to accrued but untaxed interest) and (2) the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will equal the U.S. Holder’s cost of the Note. Because the Note is held as a “capital asset”  as defined in Section 1221 of the Code  such gain or loss will generally constitute capital gain or loss. Capital gain of a non-corporate U.S. Holder is generally taxed at preferential rates where the holder has a holding period of greater than one year. The deductibility of a capital loss realized on the taxable disposition of a Note is subject to limitations.Medicare Tax on Net Investment IncomeU.S. Holders that are individuals  estates or certain trusts are subject to an additional 3.8% tax on all or a portion of their “net investment income ” or “undistributed net investment income” in the case of an estate or trust  which may include any income or gain realized with respect to the Notes  to the extent of their net investment income or undistributed net investment income (as the case may be) that  when added to their other modified adjusted gross income  exceeds $200 000 for an unmarried individual  $250 000 for a married taxpayer filing a joint return (or a surviving spouse)  $125 000 for a married individual filing a separate return or the dollar amount at which the highest tax bracket begins for an estate or trust. The 3.8% Medicare tax is determined in a different manner than the income tax. U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors as to the consequences of the 3.8% Medicare tax.Specified Foreign Financial AssetsCertain U.S. Holders that own “specified foreign financial assets” in excess of an applicable threshold may be subject to reporting obligations with respect to such assets with their tax returns  especially if such assets are held outside the custody of a U.S. financial institution. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors as to the application of this reporting obligation to their ownership of the Notes.Tax Treatment of Non-U.S. HoldersIn general and subject to the discussion below  payments on the Notes to a Non-U.S. Holder and gain realized on the sale  exchange  early redemption  maturity or other taxable disposition of the Notes by a Non-U.S. Holder will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax  unless (1) such income is effectively connected with a trade or business conducted by such Non-U.S. Holder in the U.S.  (2) in the case of gain  such Non-U.S. Holder is a nonresident alien individual who holds the Notes as a capital asset and is present in the U.S. for 183 days or more in the taxable year of the sale and certain other conditions are satisfied  (3) such Non-U.S. Holder fails to provide the relevant correct  complete and executed IRS Form W-8 or (4) such Non-U.S. Holder has certain other present or former connections with the U.S.Backup Withholding and Information ReportingInterest paid on  and the proceeds received from a sale  exchange  early redemption  maturity or other taxable disposition of Notes held by a U.S. Holder will be subject to information reporting unless the U.S. Holder is an “exempt recipient” and may also be subject to backup withholding if the holder fails to provide certain identifying information (such as an accurate taxpayer number) or meet certain other conditions. Amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are not additional taxes and may be refunded or credited against your U.S. federal income tax liability  provided the required information is furnished to the IRS.Payments of principal and interest on  and proceeds from the taxable disposition of  Notes held by a Non-U.S. Holder to or through certain brokers may be subject to a backup withholding tax on “reportable payments” unless  in general  such Non-U.S. Holder complies with certain procedures or is an exempt recipient. Any such amounts so withheld from distributions on the Notes generally will be refunded by the IRS or allowed as a credit against such Non-U.S. Holder’s federal income tax  provided such Non-U.S. Holder makes a timely filing of an appropriate tax return or refund claim. Reports will be made to the IRS and to holders that are not excepted from the reporting requirements.Both U.S. and Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Notes  as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state  local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction (including that of TD).Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)We have appointed TD Securities (USA) LLC  an affiliate of TD  as the agent for the sale of the Notes. Pursuant to the terms of a distribution agreement  TD Securities (USA) LLC will purchase the Notes from TD at the public offering price less the underwriting discount set forth on the cover page of this pricing supplement for distribution to other registered broker-dealers. Such other registered broker-dealers will offer the Notes at the public offering price set forth on the cover page of this pricing supplement. Certain dealers who purchase the Notes for sale to certain fee-based advisory accounts may forgo some or all of their selling concessions  fees or commissions. The public offering price for investors purchasing the Notes in these accounts may be as low as $985.00 (98.50%) per $1 000 Principal Amount of the Notes. TD Securities (USA) LLC will receive a commission of up to $18.50 (1.85%) per $1 000 Principal Amount of the Notes and may use all or a portion of that commission to allow selling concessions to other dealers in connection with the distribution of the Notes. The other dealers may forgo  in their sole discretion  some or all of their selling concessions. The total “Underwriting Discount” and “Proceeds to TD” to be specified on the cover hereof will reflect the aggregate of the underwriting discounts per Note at the time TD established any hedge positions on or prior to the Pricing Date  which may be variable and fluctuate depending on market conditions at such times.Assuming that all relevant factors remain constant after the Pricing Date  the price at which the Underwriter may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market  if any  may  for a temporary period expected to be approximately 18 months after the Issue Date  exceed the secondary market value of the Notes because  in our discretion  we may elect to effectively reimburse to investors a portion of the estimated cost of hedging our obligations under the Notes and other costs in connection with the Notes which we will no longer expect to incur over the term of the Notes. This discretionary election and the temporary reimbursement period are determined on the basis of a number of factors  including the tenor of the Notes and any agreement we may have with the distributors of the Notes. The amount of our estimated costs which we effectively reimburse to investors in this way may not be allocated ratably throughout the reimbursement period  and we may discontinue such reimbursement at any time or revise the duration of the reimbursement period after the Issue Date of the Notes based on changes in market conditions and other factors that cannot be predicted.Conflicts of Interest . TD Securities (USA) LLC is an affiliate of TD and  as such  has a “conflict of interest” in this offering within the meaning of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority  Inc. (“FINRA”) Rule 5121. If any other affiliate of TD  including but not limited to TD Ameritrade  Inc.  participates in this offering  that affiliate will also have a “conflict of interest” within the meaning of FINRA Rule 5121. In addition  TD will receive the net proceeds from the initial public offering of the Notes  thus creating an additional conflict of interest within the meaning of FINRA Rule 5121. This offering of the Notes will be conducted in compliance with the provisions of FINRA Rule 5121. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5121  neither TDS nor any other affiliate of ours is permitted to sell the Notes in this offering to an account over which it exercises discretionary authority without the prior specific written approval of the account holder.We may use this pricing supplement in the initial sale of the Notes. In addition  TD Securities (USA) LLC or another of our affiliates may use this pricing supplement in a market-making transaction in the Notes after their initial sale. Unless we or our agent informs the purchaser otherwise in the confirmation of sale  this pricing supplement is being used in a market-making transaction.Prohibition of Sales to EEA and United Kingdom Retail InvestorsThe Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU  as amended (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC  as amended  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Directive 2003/71/EC  as amended. Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.The Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes  a retail investor in the UK means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  subject to amendments made by the Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018 (SI 2018/1403)  as may be amended or superseded from time to time (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently  no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.25,0.73,True,English,"['TORONTO DOMINION BANK', 'Form 424B2', 'five Business Days’ prior written notice', 'U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Public Offering Price1 Underwriting Discount1', 'Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'Canadian Bank Resolution Powers', 'Callable Fixed Rate Notes', 'The Toronto-Dominion Bank Issue', 'total “Underwriting Discount', 'last calendar day', 'electronic communications network', 'Optional Call Date', 'other governmental agency', 'bail-inable debt securities', 'Senior Debt Securities', 'fee-based advisory accounts', 'Series D Type', 'preliminary pricing supplement', 'Additional Risk Factors', 'Interest Payment Date', 'state securities commission', 'federal laws', 'underwriting discounts', 'Issue Date', 'CDIC Act', 'Pricing Date', 'securities exchange', 'Maturity Date', 'The Notes', 'credit risk', 'Registration Statement', 'savings accounts', 'insured deposits', 'United States', 'common shares', 'Special Provisions', 'criminal offense', 'available funds', 'Principal Amount', 'other dealers', 'sole discretion', 'hedge positions', 'market conditions', 'Supplemental Plan', 'Exchange Commission', 'Prospectus Supplement', 'selling concessions', '2 TD Securities', 'accompanying prospectus', 'Summary” section', 'detailed information', 'Rule', 'sale', 'Completion', 'April', 'March', 'CUSIP', 'ISIN', 'annum', 'January', 'July', 'October', 'part', 'payments', 'instrumentality', 'conversion', 'means', 'transaction', 'one', 'steps', 'affiliates', 'subsection', 'variation', 'extinguishment', 'consequence', 'application', 'Province', 'Ontario', 'respect', 'operation', 'Description', 'Risks', 'Investment', 'number', 'page', 'representation', 'contrary', 'book-entry', 'facilities', 'Proceeds', 'TD2', 'Security', 'fees', 'commissions', 'investors', 'USA', 'LLC', 'portion', 'connection', 'distribution', 'aggregate', 'time', 'Conflicts', 'Issuer']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,streetinsider.com
3084,Clearstream,Google API,https://leroyfcpress.com/peripheral-vascular-devices-market-latest-trends-key-insights-applications-and-size-projection-by-2032-medtronic-inc-angiomed-gmbh-co-medizintechnik-kg/,Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Latest Trends  Key Insights  Applications and Size Projection by 2032,1 day ago,The compilation of an excellent Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market report helps to figure out types of consumers  their perceptions about the product  their buying behavior and decision influencing factors. With the market data of this report  emerging trends along with major drivers  challenges  and opportunities in the market for this industry can be identified and analyzed. For easy understanding of facts and figures  the data is represented in the form of graphs and charts.Download FREE Sample Copy of the Report to understand the structure of the complete [email protected] https://www.insightslice.com/request-sample/791Market research performed in Peripheral Vascular Devices report helps to disclose important information about the target audience  current customers  market  competition  and more e.g.  demand for the product or service  potential pricing  impressions of the branding  and so on. The report is prepared by using primary and secondary research. The market size data presented in the report is supported with adequate analysis.Leading Key Players Operating in the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Includes:The major players covered in the Peripheral Vascular Devices market report are Medtronic Inc.  Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG  Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited  Terumo Corporation  Endologix Inc.  William Cook Europe ApS  Bolton Medical Inc.  Jotec GmbH  ClearStream Technologies Ltd.  Aesculap AG  Bosto  and others.Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Strategic AnalysisThe market was studied using robust research methodology. The market dynamics and trends along with PESTLE analysis is included within research scope.This analysis helps report users in evaluating the Peripheral Vascular Devices market based on various parameters such as economies of scale  switching costs  brand loyalty  existing distribution channels  capital investments  manufacturing rights & patents  government regulations  and so on. This simplified data is expected to aid the industry’s key decision-makers in their decision-making process. Furthermore  this study answers the crucial question of whether or not new entrants should enter the Peripheral Vascular Devices industry.Request Table of Contents (ToC) @ https://www.insightslice.com/toc/791Some of the features of Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Report: Trends  Forecast  and Opportunity Analysis include:Market size estimates: Peripheral Vascular Devices market size estimation in terms of value (US$ Mn).Trend and forecast analysis: Market Trends and Forecast by application.Segmentation analysis: Market size by various segments such as by Peripheral Vascular Devices type  application  and region.Regional analysis: Peripheral Vascular Devices market breakdown by North America  Europe  Asia Pacific  Middle East & Africa and South AmericaGrowth opportunities: Analysis on growth opportunities in different applications and regions for Peripheral Vascular Devices in the Peripheral Vascular Devices market.Strategic analysis: This includes M&A  new product development  and competitive landscape for  Peripheral Vascular Devices in the Peripheral Vascular Devices market.Key Market Segments:On the basis of typeOn the basis of applicationsOn the basis of end userPeripheral Vascular Devices Market  By Region:North AmericaEuropeAsia-PacificSouth AmericaMiddle East and Africawe offer customized reports as per your research objective at discounted price. Please let us know If you have any custom needs. For More Information or Query or Customization Before Buying  Visit @ https://www.insightslice.com/request-customization/791The report would help existing players/new entrants in this market in the following ways:This report segments the Peripheral Vascular Devices market comprehensively and provides the closest market size projection for all sub segments across different regions.The report helps stakeholders understand the pulse of the market and provides them with information on key drivers  restraints  challenges  and opportunities for market growth.This report would help stakeholders understand their competitors better and gain more insights to improve their position in the business. The competitive landscape section includes product launches and developments  collaborations  contracts and acquisitions.This report would help understand the pre and post-COVID-19 scenarios as to how would the penetration of Peripheral Vascular Devices will look like for the forecast period. The region segment includes the country wise impact analysis of COVID-19 and initiatives taken to overcome these impacts.The report answers questions such as:What is the market size and forecast of the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market?What are the growth inhibiting factors?Which are the products/segments/applications/areas to invest in over the forecast period in the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market?What are the technology trends and regulatory frameworks in the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market?What is the market share of the leading vendors in the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market?What strategic moves are considered suitable for entering the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market?* Get 10% Discount on Your Direct Purchase *You Can Purchase Complete [email protected] https://www.insightslice.com/buy-nowith791About Us:We are a team of research analysts and management consultants who share a common vision to help individuals and organizations achieve their short-term and long-term strategic goals by expanding high-quality research services. insightSLICE was established to support mature companies  start-ups and non-profit organizations in various industries  including packaging  automotive  healthcare  chemicals and materials  industrial automation  consumer products  electronics and semiconductors  IT and telecommunications  and energy. Our internally experienced team of analysts has extensive experience in the research industry.Contact:Alex[email protected]+1 (707) 736 6633422 Lark Center # 1001  Santa Rosa California – 95403-1408  USALinkedin|Twitter,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.91,0.07,0.01,True,English,"['Peripheral Vascular Devices Market', 'Latest Trends', 'Key Insights', 'Size Projection', 'Applications', 'excellent Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market report', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices market size estimation', 'Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Strategic Analysis', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices market breakdown', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices type', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices report', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices industry', 'closest market size projection', 'William Cook Europe ApS', 'country wise impact analysis', 'Market size estimates', 'decision influencing factors', 'ClearStream Technologies Ltd.', 'existing distribution channels', 'market size data', 'Bolton Medical Inc.', 'growth inhibiting factors', 'Key Market Segments', 'robust research methodology', 'FREE Sample Copy', 'Leading Key Players', 'competitive landscape section', 'North America Europe', 'new product development', 'market growth', 'Market research', 'Jotec GmbH', 'market data', 'market dynamics', 'Market Trends', 'major players', 'key decision-makers', 'key drivers', 'adequate analysis', 'PESTLE analysis', 'Opportunity Analysis', 'Segmentation analysis', 'Regional analysis', 'Medtronic Inc.', 'Endologix Inc.', 'new entrants', 'various segments', 'sub segments', 'South America', 'secondary research', 'research scope', 'research objective', 'major drivers', 'easy understanding', 'target audience', 'current customers', 'potential pricing', 'Terumo Corporation', 'Aesculap AG', 'various parameters', 'switching costs', 'brand loyalty', 'capital investments', 'manufacturing rights', 'government regulations', 'simplified data', 'decision-making process', 'crucial question', 'Asia Pacific', 'Middle East', 'M&A', 'end user', 'customized reports', 'custom needs', 'following ways', 'post-COVID-19 scenarios', 'regulatory frameworks', 'forecast analysis', 'Growth opportunities', 'product launches', 'important information', 'More Information', 'emerging trends', 'technology trends', 'buying behavior', 'Request Table', 'different applications', 'different regions', 'forecast period', 'region segment', 'compilation', 'types', 'consumers', 'perceptions', 'challenges', 'facts', 'figures', 'graphs', 'charts', 'structure', 'complete', 'email', 'insightslice', 'competition', 'demand', 'service', 'impressions', 'branding', 'primary', 'Bosto', 'others', 'users', 'economies', 'scale', 'patents', 'study', 'Contents', 'ToC', 'features', 'terms', 'value', 'Africa', 'basis', 'Asia-Pacific', 'discounted', 'price', 'Query', 'Customization', 'stakeholders', 'pulse', 'restraints', 'competitors', 'position', 'business', 'developments', 'collaborations', 'contracts', 'acquisitions', 'penetration', 'initiatives', 'impacts', 'questions', 'products/segments', 'applications/areas']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,leroyfcpress.com
3088,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@VincentdeVince2 Clearstream,nan,@VincentdeVince2 Clearstream,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['VincentdeVince2 Clearstream', 'VincentdeVince2 Clearstream']",2022-04-18,2022-04-19,Unknown
3089,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,FNZ and Clearstream team up for the launch of business intelligence solution https://t.co/UyHiPdi761 #finance #financial #finanzas #finanza,nan,FNZ and Clearstream team up for the launch of business intelligence solution https://t.co/UyHiPdi761 #finance #financial #finanzas #finanza,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['business intelligence solution', 'FNZ', 'Clearstream', 'launch', 'UyHiPdi761', 'finance', 'financial', 'finanzas', 'business intelligence solution', 'FNZ', 'Clearstream', 'launch', 'UyHiPdi761', 'finance', 'financial', 'finanzas']",2022-04-17,2022-04-19,Unknown
3090,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4501928-irrrf-strong-price-growth-low-trading-volume-zero-dividend-high-risk,IRRRF: Strong Price Growth  Low Trading Volume  Zero Dividend  High Risk,1 day ago,peepo/E+ via Getty ImagesiShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF (IRRRF) is a fully diversified exchange traded fund launched and managed by BlackRock Asset Management Ireland Limited. The fund has an asset under management (AUM) of $59.5 billion which it has invested in public equity shares of large-cap and mid-cap companies in public equity markets throughout the globe. This ETF has been trading as an OTC stock since July 29  2016  more than five years ago.iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF is also listed in London stock exchange (LSE) under the tickers SWDA and IWDA. While SWDA is traded in British pound (GBP)  IWDA is traded in US dollar (USD). This product is also listed on Euronext Amsterdam  Bolsa Mexicana De Valores  Borsa Italiana  SIX Swiss Exchange  and Deutsche Boerse Xetra. Because this ETF diversifies its investments in all major equity markets  investors throughout the globe might be interested in investing in this ETF in their home currencies.iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF invests in the equity shares of a whopping 1 542 companies  with US-based companies accounting for around 69 percent of the total portfolio. Another 20 percent is invested in Japan  UK  Canada  France and Switzerland based companies. This ETF rebalances its portfolio at the end of every quarter.Managing such a deep level of diversified holdings is an extremely challenging task  and may increase the fund management expenses. However  this fund has been able to operate with a low expense ratio of 0.2%. This is one of the rarest funds which does not pay any dividend  thus is out of consideration for income seeking investors. It was formerly known as iShares III Public Limited Company - iShares MSCI World UCITS ETF  which was formed on September 25  2009 and was domiciled in Ireland.This ETF hardly has any significant holdings  as its investments are spread over 1 542 companies each in very small proportion. The fund seeks to replicate the performance of the MSCI World Index  by employing representative sampling methodology. In representative sampling  a few stocks from the benchmark index are selected in such a way that it includes stocks from every sector  every geographic region  and all types of market capitalization. This way the iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF becomes a representative index (not a replica) of the MSCI World Index.iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF’s price returns have been strong. Over the past 5 years  IRRRF’s price grew by a healthy 78.4 percent compared to 88.6 percent of S&P 500 index. Over the past 3 years  IRRRF has recorded a price growth of 46.7 percent. During the same period  S&P 500 index recorded a growth of 51 percent. So  IRRRF was successful in generating a price CAGR of around 13 percent in the medium term. However  the past one year has been very poor for this ETF  and failed to generate a growth of even 4 percent.A very small proportion of IRRRF’s portfolio (22.5 percent) is invested in basic or core industries - materials  utilities  energy  real estate and consumer staples - that derive their revenue from basic needs of people (e.g. food  house  gas  minerals  electricity). This ETF has significant investments in stocks of financial (14 percent)  healthcare (12 percent)  consumer discretionary (11.5 percent)  and industrial (10 percent) sectors. Together  these sectors constitute 47.5 percent of IRRRF’s total equity holdings.The largest chunk of investments (30 percent) is made in information technology & communication (ITC) stocks. Five out of its top seven holdings (more than 1 percent of the portfolio) are from the ITC sector - Apple Inc. (AAPL)  Microsoft Corporation (MSFT)  Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) (GOOGL)  Meta Platforms  Inc. (FB)  and Nvidia Corporation (NVDA). The other two are automobile giant Tesla  Inc. (TSLA)  and e-commerce giant Amazon.com  Inc. (AMZN)  which have high linkages with the technology sector. Though this ETF is quite well diversified  still 30 percent investment in technology stocks poses a risk of sudden fall due to poor performance of that sector.As the operation of these companies are not integral to human existence  these stocks tend to be impacted more due to economic growth and downturn. In general  these stocks are more volatile. In the past five years  unemployment  higher tariff  inflation  COVID-related supply chain disruptions and worker shortages have made significant impacts on a few of these non-core sectors  the impact of which is yet to be overcome. However  the extreme level of diversification has been helpful for this fund to nullify the impact of the pandemic and all other macroeconomic hiccups to a large extent.The holdings of iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF recorded an average P/E of 19.4 and a P/B ratio of 3. The price multiples put this ETF slightly on the higher side of valuation. Though the stock is trading at approximately 7 percent premium to its 52-week low price  still there seems to be downside potential  as indicated by the simple moving averages (SMA). The long-term 200 days SMA (85.35) is partially higher than short-term moving averages of 50 days SMA (83.02) and 10 days SMA (83.94).In order to be on the safe side under such circumstances  I generally hedge such stocks with call and put options of duration of six months or more. In order to safeguard my investments from an unlikely steep downfall  I prefer to buy a put option at a strike price nearest to the current market price  so that my principal investment does not incur a loss beyond 10 to 15 percent. But  unfortunately  IRRRF does not have any option. This limits the potential to safeguard or protect investments in iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF.A very interesting fact about iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF’s shares is that the price has remained unchanged for the past 10 days  and only one share has been transacted during the entire period. Earlier also  this stock price remained unchanged at frequent intervals. However  such a long interval is rare. This signifies that investors are not too keen to buy this stock  nor are existing investors in a hurry to liquidate their holdings.The positive thing about iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF is that over the medium term  this diversified ETF has been able to match the price growth of the S&P 500 index. However  we have to wait for a few more years to witness its long-term growth. Going by the performance so far  and the depth of its diversification  I don't find any reason why this ETF will not be able to continue its historical growth  and generate something close to a double-digit price growth over a longer time horizon.But at the same time  this fund neither allows me to earn a steady dividend income  nor does it enable me to hedge my exposure with call and put options. Thus  this ETF enhances my investment risk. Though it does seem to have long-term growth potential due to its extreme level of diversification (geographical  sectorial  and fund size)  as a risk neutral person  for the time being  I’d prefer to stay away from iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF due to the concentration of technology stocks  absence of dividend as well as unavailability of hedging options.,negative,0.03,0.15,0.82,mixed,0.07,0.11,0.82,True,English,"['Strong Price Growth', 'Low Trading Volume', 'Zero Dividend', 'High Risk', 'IRRRF', 'iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF', 'iShares MSCI World UCITS ETF', 'iShares III Public Limited Company', 'BlackRock Asset Management Ireland Limited', 'Bolsa Mexicana De Valores', 'COVID-related supply chain disruptions', 'MSCI World Index', 'diversified exchange traded fund', 'public equity markets', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'other macroeconomic hiccups', 'public equity shares', 'major equity markets', 'S&P 500 index', 'low expense ratio', 'past one year', 'simple moving averages', 'London stock exchange', 'top seven holdings', '52-week low price', 'long-term 200 days SMA', 'representative sampling methodology', 'past five years', 'fund management expenses', 'total equity holdings', 'core industries', 'core sectors', 'diversified holdings', 'representative index', 'past 5 years', 'past 3 years', 'benchmark index', 'P/B ratio', 'short-term moving', 'significant holdings', 'Getty Images', 'OTC stock', 'British pound', 'US dollar', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Borsa Italiana', 'home currencies', 'deep level', 'challenging task', 'rarest funds', 'small proportion', 'geographic region', 'market capitalization', 'price returns', 'same period', 'price CAGR', 'medium term', 'real estate', 'consumer staples', 'consumer discretionary', 'largest chunk', 'information technology', 'Microsoft Corporation', 'Meta Platforms', 'Nvidia Corporation', 'automobile giant', 'high linkages', 'sudden fall', 'human existence', 'higher tariff', 'worker shortages', 'significant impacts', 'extreme level', 'large extent', 'average P/E', 'price multiples', 'higher side', 'downside potential', 'total portfolio', 'Apple Inc.', 'Alphabet Inc.', 'mid-cap companies', 'whopping 1,542 companies', 'US-based companies', 'price growth', 'basic needs', 'ITC sector', 'technology sector', 'poor performance', 'economic growth', 'healthy 78.4 percent', 'financial (14 percent', 'industrial (10 percent', '30 percent investment', '7 percent premium', 'ITC) stocks', 'technology stocks', 'significant investments', '69 percent', '20 percent', '88.6 percent', '46.7 percent', '51 percent', '13 percent', '2.5 percent', '1.5 percent', '47.5 percent', 'peepo/E+', 'IRRRF', 'AUM', 'large-cap', 'globe', 'July', 'LSE', 'tickers', 'SWDA', 'IWDA', 'GBP', 'USD', 'product', 'investors', 'Japan', 'UK', 'Canada', 'France', 'Switzerland', 'end', 'quarter', 'consideration', 'income', 'September', 'way', 'types', 'replica', 'materials', 'utilities', 'energy', 'revenue', 'people', 'food', 'house', 'gas', 'minerals', 'electricity', 'healthcare', 'communication', 'AAPL', 'MSFT', 'GOOG', 'FB', 'NVDA', 'Tesla', 'TSLA', 'AMZN', 'risk', 'operation', 'downturn', 'unemployment', 'inflation', 'diversification', 'pandemic', 'valuation']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,seekingalpha.com
3091,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220418005381/en/Consumer-Insights-Unlocked-by-New-URW-Research-on-Sustainability%E2%80%99s-Impact-on-Purchase-Decisions-Attitudes,Consumer Insights Unlocked by New URW Research on Sustainability’s Impact on Purchase Decisions & Attitudes,LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #BetterPlaces2030--Most consumers are willing to pay a premium for environmentally sustainable items  a new survey by Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield (URW) shows. Released today  the survey shows that sustainability is at the forefron…,Eight in 10 (79%) Westfield shoppers say they reuse  recycle  and upcycle. Reducing waste is just as important to URW--the company's goal is to move toward zero landfill waste by 2025. (Graphic: Business Wire)Westfield shoppers have a high adoption percentage for hybrid and electric vehicle ownership at 29%  compared to 7% nationally. While visiting a Westfield center  they can access ultra-fast  state-of-the-art charging technology that allows capable EVs to add up to 20 miles of range per minute. (Graphic: Business Wire)Westfield shoppers have a high adoption percentage for hybrid and electric vehicle ownership at 29%  compared to 7% nationally. While visiting a Westfield center  they can access ultra-fast  state-of-the-art charging technology that allows capable EVs to add up to 20 miles of range per minute. (Graphic: Business Wire)LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Most consumers are willing to pay a premium for environmentally sustainable items  a new survey by Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield (URW) shows. Released today  the survey shows that sustainability is at the forefront of most consumers’ minds when making purchasing decisions and highlights consumer attitudes  behaviors  and desires around being increasingly environmentally conscious. The research is based on a survey of over 6 500 Westfield shoppers across the U.S.“Sustainability is important and a top measure of our success  which is why we’re always looking at new and better ways to reduce our environmental footprint and strengthen our social impact. We are committed to serving our communities by focusing on areas like solar energy  utility management  water conservation  and increasing accessibility to electric vehicle charging stations ” said Shelly Schembre  Senior Vice President of Shopping Center Management Operations  URW. “Conducting surveys to gather insights is one way we are listening to our shoppers; we then use that information to inform how we expand our efforts through strategic partnerships and programs.”Westfield shoppers are willing to pay more for sustainable goodsSustainably sourced goods often come with a higher price tag  but most consumers (90%) said that they are willing to pay a premium to purchase items that meet their environmentally sustainable criteria. The willingness to pay a price increase ranges  with at least 60% of respondents willing to pay a 10% mark up for products they consider sustainable and 10% even willing to pay between 25% and 40% more.Reducing food waste tops consumers’ eco-consciousness listAmong shopping center categories  Westfield shoppers have the highest expectations around eco-consciousness for food (75%)  health & beauty (48%)  and fashion (39%). When asked about food sustainability  consumers like to see locally sourced produce  farm-to-table  donations of excess food and composting programs.Helping the environment by reusing  recycling  and repairConsumers care about the environment and are doing their own part to make a positive impact on the planet. Eight in 10 (79%) Westfield shoppers say they reuse  recycle  and upcycle. In fact  over half (55%) buy items with less packaging; 43% consolidate deliveries to reduce packaging waste; and 43% have reduced their meat consumption.Three in four (74%) have brought their own reusable tote to a grocery store  and 59% have brought one to a non-grocery store. Over half (54%) purchase items made from recycled materials  half participate in clothing/shoe recycling  and 45% repair items instead of tossing.Hybrid and electric vehicles gaining momentum around Westfield centersWestfield shoppers have a high adoption percentage for hybrid and electric vehicle ownership at 29%  compared to 7% nationally – over 1 in 10 (12%) own an electric vehicle and 2 in 10 (21%) have a hybrid vehicle. In addition  a tenth of Westfield customers arrived by car to center locations in an electric vehicle and of these  21% charged the vehicle on site.The trends emerging from the survey align with URW’s broader commitments to environmental sustainability and will be used to help inform additional ways the company can meet these consumer needs. URW’s Better Places 2030 strategy to reduce its greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 50% by the year 2030 also includes mandates to send zero waste to landfill and integrate circular economy design solutions by 2025.###About Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield is the premier global developer and operator of Flagship Destinations  with a portfolio valued at €54.5 Bn as at December 31  2021  of which 86% in retail  6% in offices  5% in convention & exhibition venues and 2% in services. Currently  the Group owns and operates 85 shopping centres  including 53 Flagships in the most dynamic cities in Europe and the United States. Present on two continents and in 12 countries  Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield provides a unique platform for retailers and brand events and offers an exceptional and constantly renewed experience for customers. With the support of its 2 800 professionals and an unparalleled track-record and know-how  Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield is ideally positioned to generate superior value and develop world-class projects. Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield distinguishes itself by its Better Places 2030 agenda  that sets its ambition to create better places that respect the highest environmental standards and contribute to better cities. Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield stapled shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Paris (Euronext ticker: URW)  with a secondary listing in Australia through Chess Depositary Interests. The Group benefits from a BBB+ rating from Standard & Poor’s and from a Baa2 rating from Moody’s.For more information  please visit www.urw.comVisit our Media Library at https://mediacentre.urw.comFollow the Group updates on Twitter @urw_group  Linkedin @Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield and Instagram,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.03,positive,0.6,0.34,0.06,True,English,"['New URW Research', 'Consumer Insights', 'Purchase Decisions', 'Sustainability', 'Impact', 'Attitudes', 'sustainable goods Sustainably sourced goods', 'circular economy design solutions', 'Shopping Center Management Operations', 'electric vehicle charging stations', 'high adoption percentage', 'Senior Vice President', 'higher price tag', 'price increase ranges', 'Better Places 2030 strategy', 'premier global developer', 'shopping center categories', 'electric vehicle ownership', 'most consumers’ minds', 'consumers’ eco-consciousness list', 'zero landfill waste', 'utility management', 'sustainable criteria', '85 shopping centres', 'Westfield center', 'electric vehicles', 'zero waste', 'charging technology', 'sustainable items', 'packaging waste', 'Business Wire', 'capable EVs', 'LOS ANGELES', 'purchasing decisions', 'consumer attitudes', 'U.S.', 'top measure', 'environmental footprint', 'social impact', 'solar energy', 'water conservation', 'Shelly Schembre', 'one way', 'strategic partnerships', 'highest expectations', 'positive impact', 'less packaging', 'meat consumption', 'reusable tote', 'grocery store', 'recycled materials', 'broader commitments', 'consumer needs', 'greenhouse gas', 'Flagship Destinations', 'exhibition venues', 'dynamic cities', 'United States', 'two continents', 'unique platform', 'brand events', 'unparalleled track-record', 'food waste', 'Westfield shoppers', 'excess food', 'Reducing waste', 'hybrid vehicle', 'composting programs', 'clothing/shoe recycling', 'Westfield customers', 'environmental sustainability', 'additional ways', 'food sustainability', '45% repair items', 'new survey', 'URW', 'company', 'goal', 'Graphic', '20 miles', 'minute', 'premium', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield', 'forefront', 'behaviors', 'desires', 'research', 'success', 'communities', 'areas', 'accessibility', 'surveys', 'insights', 'information', 'efforts', 'willingness', 'respondents', '10% mark', 'products', 'health', 'beauty', 'fashion', 'produce', 'donations', 'planet', 'fact', 'half', 'deliveries', 'momentum', 'tenth', 'car', 'locations', 'site', 'trends', 'GHG', 'emissions', 'year', 'mandates', 'operator', 'portfolio', 'December', 'retail', 'offices', 'convention', 'services', 'Group', '53 Flagships', 'Europe', '12 countries', 'exceptional', 'experience', 'support', '2,800 professionals', 'know-how']",2022-04-18,2022-04-19,businesswire.com
3092,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/atari-announces-planned-creation-token-160500017.html,Atari Announces Planned Creation of New Token and Termination of Joint Venture,Atari Announces Planned Creation of New Token and Termination of Joint Venture Paris  18 April 2022 – Atari SA and its subsidiaries (“Atari”)  one of the...,ATARIAtari Announces Planned Creation of New Token and Termination of Joint VentureParis  18 April 2022 – Atari SA and its subsidiaries (“Atari”)  one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and interactive entertainment producers  announces the termination of all license agreements with ICICB Group and its subsidiaries (“ICICB”). The license agreements between Atari and ICICB  including the Atari Chain Limited license (the “Joint Venture”) and the related licenses including hotel and casino licenses  have been terminated effective 18 April 2022. ICICB is not authorized to represent Atari or its brands in any manner.Atari disclaims any interest in the Joint Venture and informs the public that the Joint Venture  currently promoted “Atari Tokens”  and related websites (i.e. www.atarichain.com  www.ataritoken.com)  whitepapers  and social media channels are unlicensed  unsanctioned  and are outside the control of Atari and should not be relied upon for guidance or information related to the ATRI token or Atari.Despite the termination of the Joint Venture  Atari remains enthusiastic about the potential for blockchain initiatives and continues to establish and pursue strategic ventures and partnerships in the space. As such  Atari will create  distribute  and solely manage a new proprietary token with a focus on gaming  community  and utility. A snapshot of ATRI token holdings was taken at exactly 18 April 2022 at 6:00PM CET (GMT +1) and Atari will implement a future exchange of the new token for the ATRI tokens held as of that time. To participate  ATRI token holders will be required to present their ATRI tokens at the time of the exchange. Only tokens present in wallets as of the snapshot and in amounts equivalent to those captured at the snapshot will be eligible. Any tokens acquired after the snapshot will not be eligible. Atari will direct holders to additional information channels as additional information and timelines are announced. Please see www.atari.com/blockchain for more information.Story continuesAs communicated on 21 February 2022  the termination of the hotel and casino license agreements with ICICB will result in a write-off in Atari’s accounting records for a financial impact estimated to be up to €11 million in accordance with applicable accounting principles. The financial impact of the exchange and the creation of a new token will be disclosed in the Atari FY22 annual report.About Atari:Atari  comprised of Atari SA and its subsidiaries  is a global interactive entertainment and multiplatform licensing group. The true innovator of the video game  founded in 1972  Atari owns and/or manages a portfolio of more than 200 games and franchises  including globally known brands such as Asteroids®  Centipede®  Missile Command® and Pong®. From this important portfolio of intellectual properties  Atari delivers attractive online games for smartphones  tablets  and other connected devices. Atari also develops and distributes interactive entertainment for Microsoft  Sony and Nintendo game consoles. Atari also leverages its brand and franchises with licensing agreements through other media  derivative products and publishing. For more information: www.atari.com and www.atari-investisseurs.fr/en/. Atari shares are listed in France on Euronext Paris (Compartment C  ISIN Code FR0010478248  Ticker ATA) and are eligible for the Nasdaq International program in the United States (OTC - Ticker PONGF).ContactsAtari – Investor Relations Calyptus - Marie CalleuxTel +33 1 83 64 61 57 - investisseur@atari.com Tel + 33 1 53 65 68 68 – atari@calyptus.netAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.63,0.33,mixed,0.13,0.3,0.57,True,English,"['Planned Creation', 'New Token', 'Joint Venture', 'Atari', 'Termination', 'Atari FY22 annual report', 'Atari Chain Limited license', 'Nasdaq International program', 'social media channels', 'applicable accounting principles', 'other connected devices', 'Nintendo game consoles', 'interactive entertainment producers', 'global interactive entertainment', 'multiplatform licensing group', 'attractive online games', 'Investor Relations Calyptus', 'ATRI token holdings', 'new proprietary token', 'iconic consumer brands', 'casino license agreements', 'additional information channels', 'ATRI token holders', 'other media', 'licensing agreements', 'New Token', 'casino licenses', 'accounting records', 'video game', 'Joint Venture', 'related licenses', 'related websites', 'strategic ventures', '6:00PM CET', 'ATRI tokens', 'financial impact', 'true innovator', 'Missile Command®', 'intellectual properties', 'derivative products', 'Compartment C', 'ISIN Code', 'Ticker ATA', 'United States', 'Ticker PONGF', 'Marie Calleux', 'ICICB Group', 'Planned Creation', 'blockchain initiatives', 'important portfolio', 'Euronext Paris', 'Atari SA', 'Atari owns', 'Atari shares', 'future exchange', 'Atari Tokens', '200 games', 'Termination', 'subsidiaries', 'world', 'hotel', 'manner', 'interest', 'public', 'atarichain', 'ataritoken', 'whitepapers', 'control', 'guidance', 'potential', 'partnerships', 'space', 'focus', 'gaming', 'community', 'utility', 'snapshot', '18 April', 'GMT', 'time', 'wallets', 'amounts', 'Story', '21 February', 'write-off', 'accordance', 'franchises', 'Asteroids®', 'Centipede', 'Pong®', 'smartphones', 'tablets', 'Microsoft', 'Sony', 'publishing', 'atari-investisseurs', 'France', 'OTC', 'Contacts', 'Attachment']",2022-04-18,2022-04-19,finance.yahoo.com
3093,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4501928-irrrf-strong-price-growth-low-trading-volume-zero-dividend-high-risk,IRRRF: Strong Price Growth  Low Trading Volume  Zero Dividend  High Risk,IRRRF generated double digit price growth over the past 5 years. Although diversified  the ETF is still highly concentrated on technology stocks. See more here.,peepo/E+ via Getty ImagesiShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF (IRRRF) is a fully diversified exchange traded fund launched and managed by BlackRock Asset Management Ireland Limited. The fund has an asset under management (AUM) of $59.5 billion which it has invested in public equity shares of large-cap and mid-cap companies in public equity markets throughout the globe. This ETF has been trading as an OTC stock since July 29  2016  more than five years ago.iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF is also listed in London stock exchange (LSE) under the tickers SWDA and IWDA. While SWDA is traded in British pound (GBP)  IWDA is traded in US dollar (USD). This product is also listed on Euronext Amsterdam  Bolsa Mexicana De Valores  Borsa Italiana  SIX Swiss Exchange  and Deutsche Boerse Xetra. Because this ETF diversifies its investments in all major equity markets  investors throughout the globe might be interested in investing in this ETF in their home currencies.iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF invests in the equity shares of a whopping 1 542 companies  with US-based companies accounting for around 69 percent of the total portfolio. Another 20 percent is invested in Japan  UK  Canada  France and Switzerland based companies. This ETF rebalances its portfolio at the end of every quarter.Managing such a deep level of diversified holdings is an extremely challenging task  and may increase the fund management expenses. However  this fund has been able to operate with a low expense ratio of 0.2%. This is one of the rarest funds which does not pay any dividend  thus is out of consideration for income seeking investors. It was formerly known as iShares III Public Limited Company - iShares MSCI World UCITS ETF  which was formed on September 25  2009 and was domiciled in Ireland.This ETF hardly has any significant holdings  as its investments are spread over 1 542 companies each in very small proportion. The fund seeks to replicate the performance of the MSCI World Index  by employing representative sampling methodology. In representative sampling  a few stocks from the benchmark index are selected in such a way that it includes stocks from every sector  every geographic region  and all types of market capitalization. This way the iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF becomes a representative index (not a replica) of the MSCI World Index.iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF’s price returns have been strong. Over the past 5 years  IRRRF’s price grew by a healthy 78.4 percent compared to 88.6 percent of S&P 500 index. Over the past 3 years  IRRRF has recorded a price growth of 46.7 percent. During the same period  S&P 500 index recorded a growth of 51 percent. So  IRRRF was successful in generating a price CAGR of around 13 percent in the medium term. However  the past one year has been very poor for this ETF  and failed to generate a growth of even 4 percent.A very small proportion of IRRRF’s portfolio (22.5 percent) is invested in basic or core industries - materials  utilities  energy  real estate and consumer staples - that derive their revenue from basic needs of people (e.g. food  house  gas  minerals  electricity). This ETF has significant investments in stocks of financial (14 percent)  healthcare (12 percent)  consumer discretionary (11.5 percent)  and industrial (10 percent) sectors. Together  these sectors constitute 47.5 percent of IRRRF’s total equity holdings.The largest chunk of investments (30 percent) is made in information technology & communication (ITC) stocks. Five out of its top seven holdings (more than 1 percent of the portfolio) are from the ITC sector - Apple Inc. (AAPL)  Microsoft Corporation (MSFT)  Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) (GOOGL)  Meta Platforms  Inc. (FB)  and Nvidia Corporation (NVDA). The other two are automobile giant Tesla  Inc. (TSLA)  and e-commerce giant Amazon.com  Inc. (AMZN)  which have high linkages with the technology sector. Though this ETF is quite well diversified  still 30 percent investment in technology stocks poses a risk of sudden fall due to poor performance of that sector.As the operation of these companies are not integral to human existence  these stocks tend to be impacted more due to economic growth and downturn. In general  these stocks are more volatile. In the past five years  unemployment  higher tariff  inflation  COVID-related supply chain disruptions and worker shortages have made significant impacts on a few of these non-core sectors  the impact of which is yet to be overcome. However  the extreme level of diversification has been helpful for this fund to nullify the impact of the pandemic and all other macroeconomic hiccups to a large extent.The holdings of iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF recorded an average P/E of 19.4 and a P/B ratio of 3. The price multiples put this ETF slightly on the higher side of valuation. Though the stock is trading at approximately 7 percent premium to its 52-week low price  still there seems to be downside potential  as indicated by the simple moving averages (SMA). The long-term 200 days SMA (85.35) is partially higher than short-term moving averages of 50 days SMA (83.02) and 10 days SMA (83.94).In order to be on the safe side under such circumstances  I generally hedge such stocks with call and put options of duration of six months or more. In order to safeguard my investments from an unlikely steep downfall  I prefer to buy a put option at a strike price nearest to the current market price  so that my principal investment does not incur a loss beyond 10 to 15 percent. But  unfortunately  IRRRF does not have any option. This limits the potential to safeguard or protect investments in iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF.A very interesting fact about iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF’s shares is that the price has remained unchanged for the past 10 days  and only one share has been transacted during the entire period. Earlier also  this stock price remained unchanged at frequent intervals. However  such a long interval is rare. This signifies that investors are not too keen to buy this stock  nor are existing investors in a hurry to liquidate their holdings.The positive thing about iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF is that over the medium term  this diversified ETF has been able to match the price growth of the S&P 500 index. However  we have to wait for a few more years to witness its long-term growth. Going by the performance so far  and the depth of its diversification  I don't find any reason why this ETF will not be able to continue its historical growth  and generate something close to a double-digit price growth over a longer time horizon.But at the same time  this fund neither allows me to earn a steady dividend income  nor does it enable me to hedge my exposure with call and put options. Thus  this ETF enhances my investment risk. Though it does seem to have long-term growth potential due to its extreme level of diversification (geographical  sectorial  and fund size)  as a risk neutral person  for the time being  I’d prefer to stay away from iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF due to the concentration of technology stocks  absence of dividend as well as unavailability of hedging options.,negative,0.03,0.15,0.82,mixed,0.07,0.11,0.82,True,English,"['Strong Price Growth', 'Low Trading Volume', 'Zero Dividend', 'High Risk', 'IRRRF', 'iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF', 'iShares MSCI World UCITS ETF', 'iShares III Public Limited Company', 'BlackRock Asset Management Ireland Limited', 'Bolsa Mexicana De Valores', 'COVID-related supply chain disruptions', 'MSCI World Index', 'diversified exchange traded fund', 'public equity markets', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'other macroeconomic hiccups', 'public equity shares', 'major equity markets', 'S&P 500 index', 'low expense ratio', 'past one year', 'simple moving averages', 'London stock exchange', 'top seven holdings', '52-week low price', 'long-term 200 days SMA', 'representative sampling methodology', 'past five years', 'fund management expenses', 'total equity holdings', 'core industries', 'core sectors', 'diversified holdings', 'representative index', 'past 5 years', 'past 3 years', 'benchmark index', 'P/B ratio', 'short-term moving', 'significant holdings', 'Getty Images', 'OTC stock', 'British pound', 'US dollar', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Borsa Italiana', 'home currencies', 'deep level', 'challenging task', 'rarest funds', 'small proportion', 'geographic region', 'market capitalization', 'price returns', 'same period', 'price CAGR', 'medium term', 'real estate', 'consumer staples', 'consumer discretionary', 'largest chunk', 'information technology', 'Microsoft Corporation', 'Meta Platforms', 'Nvidia Corporation', 'automobile giant', 'high linkages', 'sudden fall', 'human existence', 'higher tariff', 'worker shortages', 'significant impacts', 'extreme level', 'large extent', 'average P/E', 'price multiples', 'higher side', 'downside potential', 'total portfolio', 'Apple Inc.', 'Alphabet Inc.', 'mid-cap companies', 'whopping 1,542 companies', 'US-based companies', 'price growth', 'basic needs', 'ITC sector', 'technology sector', 'poor performance', 'economic growth', 'healthy 78.4 percent', 'financial (14 percent', 'industrial (10 percent', '30 percent investment', '7 percent premium', 'ITC) stocks', 'technology stocks', 'significant investments', '69 percent', '20 percent', '88.6 percent', '46.7 percent', '51 percent', '13 percent', '2.5 percent', '1.5 percent', '47.5 percent', 'peepo/E+', 'IRRRF', 'AUM', 'large-cap', 'globe', 'July', 'LSE', 'tickers', 'SWDA', 'IWDA', 'GBP', 'USD', 'product', 'investors', 'Japan', 'UK', 'Canada', 'France', 'Switzerland', 'end', 'quarter', 'consideration', 'income', 'September', 'way', 'types', 'replica', 'materials', 'utilities', 'energy', 'revenue', 'people', 'food', 'house', 'gas', 'minerals', 'electricity', 'healthcare', 'communication', 'AAPL', 'MSFT', 'GOOG', 'FB', 'NVDA', 'Tesla', 'TSLA', 'AMZN', 'risk', 'operation', 'downturn', 'unemployment', 'inflation', 'diversification', 'pandemic', 'valuation']",2022-04-18,2022-04-19,seekingalpha.com
3108,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sdiptech-ab-publ-notice-annual-160000537.html,Sdiptech AB (publ) - NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2022 OF SDIPTECH AB (PUBL),Press release19 April 2022  18:00 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2022 OF SDIPTECH AB (PUBL) The shareholders of Sdiptech AB (publ)  reg. no. 556672-4893...,"Sdiptech ABPress release19 April 2022  18:00NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2022 OF SDIPTECH AB (PUBL)The shareholders of Sdiptech AB (publ)  reg. no. 556672-4893 (the ""Company"") are hereby convened to the Annual General Meeting on Wednesday 18 May 2022  at IVA (Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences)  Grev Turegatan 16  114 46 i Stockholm.The Board has decided  with the support of § 12 of the Company's Articles of Association  that those shareholders who are unable or unwilling to physically participate in the meeting shall be able to submit their votes in advance by so-called postal voting. More information about it below.General requirements for participationShareholders who wish to participate in the meeting  regardless of whether this is done physically or by postal vote  must be entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date  Tuesday 10 May 2022.Shareholders with nominee-registered shares must temporarily have the shares re-registered in their own name as of the record date and contact should be made with the bank / nominee well in advance. The nominee has the opportunity to make such voting rights retroactive  however  no later than Thursday 12 May 2022 in order for it to be taken into account when presenting the share register.Requirements for participation through physical presence in the meeting roomShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting in the meeting room  in person or by proxy  must also register with the Company no later than Wednesday  May 11  2022.Registration for the meeting must be made either via a digital form available via the company's website www.sdiptech.se  or by e-mail to sdiptech@postrosta.se or by regular mail to Sdiptech AB  Att: Annual General Meeting  Nybrogatan 39  114 39 Stockholm.When registering  shareholders must state their name  telephone number during the day and personal or organization number. Shareholders or their representatives have the right to include a maximum of two assistants. The number of assistants must be pre-registered in the same way as the shareholder.Story continuesShareholders represented by proxy must issue a dated and signed power of attorney which should be sent to the Company before the meeting in the manner specified above together with registration certificates for owners who are legal persons  which show that those who signed the power of attorney are competent. The power of attorney may not be older than one year unless it states that it is valid for a longer period  but no longer than five years. Proxy forms are available on the company's website https://www.sdiptech.seRequirements for participation by postal voting in advanceThe shareholder who only refers to postal voting must send in their votes no later than Wednesday  May 11  2022  through a digital form that is available on the company's website https://www.sdiptech.se. No separate registration is required for those who only wish to vote by mail  since a submitted postal voting form is considered a registration.Shareholders who vote by postal voting  represented by proxy  must issue a dated and signed power of attorney which is attached to the digital postal voting form together with proof of registration for owners who are legal persons  which shows that those who signed the power of attorney are authorized. The power of attorney may not be older than one year unless it states that it is valid for a longer period  but no longer than five years. Proxy forms are available on the company's website https://www.sdiptech.seProposed agendaOpening of the meeting Election of chairman of the meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes of the meeting Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened Approval of the agenda Presentation of the annual accounts and the auditors’ report and the consolidated accounts and the auditors’ report on the consolidated accounts Presentation by the CEO  and shareholders’ questions to the Board of Directors and management of the Company Resolution on: adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet and the groups’ income statement and balance sheet; allocation of the result of the Company in accordance with the adopted balance sheet; discharge of liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors Determination of fees for the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor Election of members of the Board of Directors Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors Election of Auditor until the end of the next annual general meeting Resolution on the Nomination Committee for the annual general meeting of 2023 Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to the senior management Resolution on authorization for the Board to issue shares  convertibles and warrants Resolution on warrant program for the company's employees Closing of the meetingProposals for resolutionsProposals from the Nomination Committee under item 2 and 10 - 1 5The Nomination Committee of the Company makes the following proposals under items 2  10  11  12  13  14 and 15:2) Jan Samuelson is proposed to be appointed as chairman of the meeting.10) The Board of Directors is proposed to consist of five members with no deputy members.11) Total fees of SEK 1 920 000 (last year 1 880 000) are proposed to be paid to the Board of Directors  of which SEK 800 000 (800 000) is to be paid to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 280 000 (270 000) is to be paid to each member of the Board of Directors. For the Company’s Audit Committee  a fee of SEK 160 000 (150 000) is proposed to be paid to the chairman and a fee of SEK 55 000 (50 000) to be paid to each member (one to two members). For the Company’s Investment Committee  a fee of SEK 50 000 (50 000) is proposed to be paid to the chairman and a fee of SEK 50 000 (50 000) to be paid to each member (one to two members). For the Company’s Remuneration Committee a fee of SEK 40 000 (0) is proposed to be paid to the chairman and a fee of SEK 20 000 (0) to be paid to each member (one member). Auditors’ fees are proposed to be payable in accordance with approved invoice.12) Proposed re-election of Johnny Alvarsson  Jan Samuelson  Birgitta Henriksson  Urban Doverholt and Eola Änggård Runsten as members of the Board of Directors until the end of the next annual general meeting. Detailed description of the Board's members for re-election and election can be found on the company's website.The Nomination Committee's motivationThe Nomination Committee has  as a basis for its proposal  interviewed selected members and taken note of the results of the external board evaluation. In addition  the Nomination Committee has analyzed the extent to which the current Board of Directors meets the requirements imposed on it  inter alia with regard to relevant experience and competence with regard to the company's operations and future development.The Nomination Committee has made the assessment that the current members  who stand for re-election  represent a broad experience from both business and corporate management competence  as well as experience in acquisition-related and financial issues. With the proposed number of members  five  the board is staffed for an effective dialogue.13) Proposed re-election of Jan Samuelson as Chairman of the Board of Directors until the end of the next annual general meeting.14) Proposed election of PwC Sweden as auditor of the Company until the end of the next annual general meeting. Should the proposal be adopted  PwC intends to appoint Anna Rosendal as auditor in charge.15) The Nomination Committee proposes that the meeting resolves on the following principles for appointing the Nomination Committee for the next annual general meeting:The tasks of the Nomination Committee shall be to prepare  for the next annual general meeting  proposals in respect of number of directors of the Board of Directors  remuneration to the Chairman of the Board of Directors  the other directors of the Board of Directors and the auditors  respectively  remuneration  if any  for committee work  the composition of the Board of Directors  the Chairman of the Board of Directors  resolution regarding the Nomination Committee  chairman at the annual general meeting and election of auditors.The Board of Directors shall have an appropriate composition with regard to the company's operations  development phase and conditions  characterized by versatility and breadth of the elected members' competence  experience and background. An even gender distribution should be sought.The Nomination Committee shall consist of four members. The three  in terms of votes  largest shareholders/owner groups (the “Largest Shareholders”) as per 30 September the year prior to the next annual general meeting  according to the list of shareholders in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB or that in another way are proved to be one of the Largest Shareholders  are entitled to appoint one member each of the Nomination Committee. In addition  the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall be appointed as member of the Nomination Committee. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall summon the Largest Shareholders by 25 October the year preceding the annual general meeting  at the latest. If any of these shareholders waive their right to appoint a member of the Nomination Committee  the next shareholder/owner groups in order of size shall be given the opportunity to appoint a member of the Nomination Committee.The CEO or any other person from the senior management shall not be a member of the Nomination Committee. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall summon the Nomination Committee’s first meeting. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall not be appointed Chairman of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee’s term of office extends until a new Nomination Committee is appointed. The composition of the Nomination Committee shall be made public no later than six months before the annual general meeting.If it becomes known that a shareholder that has appointed a member of the Nomination Committee  as a result of changes in said owner’s shareholdings or due to changes in other owners’ shareholdings  is no longer one of the Largest Shareholders  the committee member who was appointed by said shareholder shall  if the Nomination Committee so decides  resign and be replaced by a new member appointed by the shareholder who at the time is the largest registered shareholder that has not already appointed a member of the Nomination Committee.If the registered ownership structure is otherwise significantly changed prior to the completion of the Nomination Committee’s work  the composition of the Nomination Committee shall  if the Nomination Committee so decides  be changed in accordance with the above stated principle.The Company shall pay for reasonable costs that the Nomination Committee has considered to be necessary in order for the Nomination Committee to be able to complete its assignment.Other resolutionsItem 4 – Election of one or two persons to attest the minutesThe board of directors proposes that John Engholm is elected to attest the minutes from the general meeting. The attester’s assignment also includes checking the voting list and that received postal votes are correctly reproduced in the minutes of the meeting.Item 9 b) – Resolution on allocation of the result of the Company in accordance with the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that the meeting resolves upon a dividend to shareholders of preference shares in accordance with the articles of association. Of the funds available to the Meeting  SEK 1 771 469 896  eight SEK per preference share  i.e.. a total of SEK 14 000 000 shall be paid quarterly to the preference shareholders with one quarter of the total amount (ie two SEK per preference share) per occasion. The proposal is based on all outstanding preference shares as of the date of this notice (i.e. a total of 1 750 000 preference shares).Suggested record dates for the dividend are:June 15  2022  with estimated payment date on June 20  2022; September 15  2022  with estimated payment date on September 20  2022; December 15  2022  with estimated payment date on December 20  2022; and March 15  2023  with estimated payment date on March 20  2023.The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend be paid on ordinary shares of series A or ordinary shares of series B without balancing the remaining profit of SEK 1 757 469 896 in a new account  of which SEK 1 555 816 869 will be transferred to the premium fund and SEK 201 653 027 to retained earnings.According to the Company's Articles of Association  as of the fourth anniversary of the initial issue (i.e.  as of March 4  2019) and for the period thereafter  the Company's preference shares may be redeemed in an amount corresponding to (i) SEK 105 plus (ii) any accrued portion of Preference Dividend together with (iii) any outstanding amount calculated with an amount corresponding to an annual interest. However  the redemption amount for each redeemed preference share shall never be less than the share's quota value.""Accrued portion of the Preference Dividend"" refers to the accrued Preference Dividend for the period beginning with the day after the last record date for dividends on preference shares up to and including the day of payment of the redemption amount. The number of days must be calculated based on the actual number of days in relation to 90 days.Item 1 6 – Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to the senior managementThe executive management of Sdiptech AB (publ) (“Sdiptech” or the “Company”) fall within the provisions of these guidelines. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the Annual General Meeting 2022. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the General Meeting. Share-related incentive plans are decided  where appropriate  by the General Meeting.The guidelines’ promotion of Sdiptech’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilitySdiptech is a technology group focused on infrastructure. Sdiptech’s business concept is to provide niched solutions to the infrastructure sector. A prerequisite for the successful implementation of Sdiptech’s business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that Sdiptech is able to recruit and retain qualified senior executives. To this end  it is necessary that the Company offers competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable the Company to offer the senior executives a competitive total remuneration.The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Additionally  the general meeting may – irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration. Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the Company’s business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one or several years. The variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than 50 per cent of the total fixed cash salary under the measurement period for such criteria.For senior executives  pension benefits  including health insurance (Sw: sjukförsäkring)  shall be based on a premium defined pension plan unless the individual concerned is subject to defined benefit pension under mandatory law or collective agreement provisions. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits unless required by mandatory law or collective agreement provisions. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Other benefits may include  for example  company cars  occupational health services and medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring). Such benefits may amount to not more than 10 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives in accordance with the above  as well as supplementary information in Appendix §16  which is posted on the Company's website.Item 1 7 – Resolution on authorization for the Board to issue shares  convertibles and warrantsThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors to  until the next annual general meeting  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  on one or several occasions resolve to issue ordinary shares  convertible instruments and/or warrants. Payment may be made in cash and/or with in kind or by way of set-off  or other conditions.The total increase of the number of ordinary shares  which includes issuance  conversion or subscription for new shares  may – where it entails a deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights – correspond to a dilution of a maximum of 10 percent of the current number outstanding ordinary shares  adjusted for any splits or similar. The authorization shall primarily be used for the purpose of acquisitions or financing thereof.A valid resolution requires that shareholders holding not less than two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting vote in favor of the proposal.Item 1 8 - Resolution on warrant program for the company's employeesIn order for the Group to be able to retain and recruit competent and committed staff  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting  deviating from the shareholders' preferential rights  decide on the issue of Warrants and the introduction of a long-term incentive program for Group employees. Annual General Meetings held in February 2018 and May 2021  respectively  decided to introduce incentive programs for employees based on warrants. In 2018  three different series were published with a term of three  four and five years  respectively  and in 2021  a series with a term of three years was published. Of these  the subscription period for two series has expired and two series remain  with a term of 2023 and 2024  respectively.The remaining series  2018/2023  currently has 192 000 options outstanding and the 2021/2024 series currently has 342 481 options outstanding.Through the proposal for the new incentive program  the Company would again have three outstanding series of warrants  which is in line with the Company's ambition.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to introduce an incentive program for the company's employees through the issue of a total of a maximum of 350 000 warrants of series 2022/2025  in accordance with Appendices §18  18a and §18b  which are posted on the Company's website. In short  the proposal means that:The Company shall issue no more than 350 000 Warrants of series 2022/2025. Each Warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one new common share of series B (“B-shares”) in the Company during the following periods: (i) a period of 10 banking days from and including 9 June 2025  (ii) a period of 10 banking days from and including the banking day following the publication of the Company’s interim report for the second quarter of 2025  and (iii) a period of 10 banking days from and including the banking day following the publication of the Company’s interim report for the third quarter of 2025  however not later than 30 November 2025 (each a “Subscription Period”).Upon full subscription  by virtue of all of the Warrants  a maximum of 350 000 new common shares of series B may be issued  corresponding to a dilution of approximately 1.0 per cent of the total amount of common shares of series A and series B and approximately 0.7 per cent of the total amount of votes in the Company that the common shares of series A and series B represent (based on the number of such outstanding shares as of the date of the notice).The subscription price for new B-shares subscribed for through Warrants shall be equal to an amount corresponding to 126 per cent of the volume-weighted average of the quoted price paid for the B-share on Nasdaq Stockholm (or another corresponding trading facility or regulated market on which the Company’s shares are traded) from and including 19 May 2022 up to and including 2 June 2022 (the “Calculation period”).The increase of the Company’s share capital will  upon exercise of the Warrants  amount to not more than SEK 8 750  subject to such increase that may occur due to recalculation of the subscription price and the number of shares which each Warrant entitles to subscription for in the event of issues etcetera. If the subscription price exceeds the quota value  the excess amount shall be allotted to the non-restricted statutory reserve.Employees of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Company and its subsidiaries are referred to collectively as the “Group”) shall be entitled to acquire Warrants from the Subsidiary. Application to acquire Warrants shall be made not later than on 10 June 2022. The board of directors of the Company shall however be entitled to prolong the application period. Future new employees may also be entitled to acquire Warrants  whereby the application to acquire Warrants may take place at a later occasion. For any such acquisitions  the acquisition shall be made at the prevailing market value and that the board of directors shall apply a corresponding application period for employees whose acquisition is made following the initial application period. The board of directors is authorised to extend each Subscription Period and the time for payment in the event that any participant is restricted from subscribing to new shares pursuant to insider or market abuse regulations.If not all Warrants are acquired  the remaining number of Warrants may be allotted to participants independently of category. No participant may  however  acquire additional Warrants that correspond to more than 50 per cent of the number of Warrants which each respective participant is entitled to acquire.Transfer of Warrants to the participants shall be made at a price corresponding to the market value  which shall be calculated in accordance with the Black & Scholes formula by an independent valuation institution. At an estimated future volatility level of 30 per cent during the term of the Warrants and assuming that the average value of the Company’s share during the valuation period amounts to SEK 375  whereby the subscription price for the Warrants will amount to SEK 472 for each Warrant  the preliminary calculated market value per warrant will amount to SEK 46 for each Warrant.The general meeting’s resolution under this item is valid only if supported by shareholders holding no less than nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.OtherComplete proposals for resolutions  accounting documents  auditor's report and other documents prior to the Annual General Meeting are available at the Company's office at Nybrogatan 39  114 39 Stockholm and on the Company's website https://www.sdiptech.se no later than 27 April 2022. The documents are sent free of charge to the shareholders who specifically request it and state their postal address.The Annual General Meeting share register will be kept available at the Company's offices.The total number of shares in the Company as of the date of the notice amounts to 37 330 027 shares  divided into 1 750 000 preference shares with one vote each  2 000 000 A shares with ten votes each and 33 580 027 Class B shares with one vote each. The total number of votes in the company is 55 330 027. As of the date of this notice  the company does not hold any own shares.The Board of Directors and the President shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board considers that this can be done without significant damage to the Company  provide information at the Annual General Meeting on matters that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda and circumstances that may affect the Company's assessment. or subsidiary's financial situation and the Company's relationship with another group company.The information will be available on the company's website and office no later than five days before the meeting. The information is also sent to the shareholder who requested it and provided his address.A general description of how your personal data is handled prior to the Annual General Meeting can be found on Euroclear's website https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf._____________Stockholm April 2022Sdiptech AB (publ)Board of DirectorsFor additional information  please contact:Bengt Lejdström  CFO  +46 702 74 22 00  bengt.lejdstrom@sdiptech.comSdiptech’s common shares of series B are traded on Nasdaq Stockholm under the short name SDIP B with ISIN code SE0003756758. Sdiptech’s preferred shares are traded under the short name SDIP PREF with ISIN code SE0006758348. Further information is available on the company's website: www.sdiptech.comSdiptech is a technology group that acquires and develops market-leading niche operations that contribute to creating more sustainable  efficient and safe societies. Sdiptech has approximately SEK 3 000 million in sales and is based in Stockholm.The information was provided by the above contact persons for publication April 19  2022  at 18:00 CEST.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Sdiptech AB', 'NOTICE', 'PUBL', 'next annual general meeting Resolution', 'digital postal voting form', 'Royal Swedish Academy', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'groups’ income statement', 'voting list Election', 'senior management Resolution', 'digital form', 'annual accounts', 'voting rights', 'General requirements', 'postal vote', 'Press release', 'Engineering Sciences', 'Grev Turegatan', 'More information', 'share register', 'record date', 'physical presence', 'same way', 'legal persons', 'longer period', 'five years', 'two persons', 'auditors’ report', 'consolidated accounts', 'balance sheet', 'Nomination Committee', 'warrant program', 'employees Closing', 'meeting room', 'CEO Resolution', 'Thursday 12 May', 'one year', 'Sdiptech AB', 'telephone number', 'organization number', 'two assistants', 'auditor Election', 'Company Resolution', 'registration certificates', 'Proxy forms', 'separate registration', 'nominee-registered shares', 'regular mail', 'Directors Election', 'shareholders’ questions', 'Wednesday 18 May', 'agenda Presentation', '2023 Resolution', '19 April', 'NOTICE', 'PUBL', 'IVA', 'Stockholm', 'Board', 'support', 'Articles', 'Association', 'votes', 'advance', 'participation', 'Tuesday', 'name', 'contact', 'opportunity', 'order', 'website', 'postrosta', 'Att', 'Nybrogatan', 'personal', 'representatives', 'maximum', 'Story', 'power', 'manner', 'owners', 'signed', 'proof', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'accordance', 'discharge', 'liability', 'members', 'fees', 'guidelines', 'remuneration', 'authorization', 'convertibles', 'warrants', 'Proposals', 'resolutions', '§']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,finance.yahoo.com
3109,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ACROUD-AB-PUBL-44420298/news/Acroud-Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Acroud-AB-19-May-2022-40088197/,Acroud : Notice of Annual General Meeting of Acroud AB 19 May 2022,6 hours ago,Unofficial English translation for information purposes only. If there are differences between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish text will take precedence.NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN ACROUD ABThe shareholders of ACROUD AB  reg. no. 556693-7255  are hereby summoned to the annual general meeting that will be held on Thursday  May 19  2022 at 14.00 CEST at the premises of Advokatfirman Lindahl KB  Nybrogatan 17  114 39 Stockholm  Sweden.Right to attend and notificationShareholders wishing to attend the meeting must(i) be entered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Wednesday  May 11  2022  and(ii) give written notice to the company of their intention to attend  no later than Friday  May 13  2022  by post to Advokatfirman Lindahl KB  Att. ACROUD Annual General Meeting  Box 5898  102 40 Stockholm  Sweden or by email toemelie.constant@lindahl.se.When giving notice  please state your name or company name  personal ID or company registration number  address and daytime telephone number. The registration procedure described above also applies to registration for any advisors (two maximum). The notification must  if applicable  be accompanied by proxies  registration certificates and other authorisations documents. See below for further information on the processing of personal data.Nominee registered sharesTo be entitled to attend the meeting  holders of nominee registered shares must instruct the nominee to have the shares registered in the holder's own name  so that the holder is entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date as of Wednesday  May 11  2022. Registration in this way may be temporary (so called voting rights registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines. Voting rights registration that has been requested in such time that the registration has been completed by the relevant nominee no later than Friday  May 13  2022  will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.Proxy and proxy formAnyone who does not attend the meeting in person may exercise their right at the meeting via a proxy in possession of a signed and dated proxy form. The proxy form is available on the company's website:www.acroud.comand may also be obtained by email info@acroud.com. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a copy of their registration certificate or equivalent authorisation documents must be attached. The proxy must have been issued within the past year unless a longer period of validity is specified on the form of proxy  subject to a maximum of five years. To facilitate entry to the meeting  proxy forms  registration certificates and other authorisation documents must be received by the company well in advance prior to the meeting.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting2. Election of chair of the meeting3. Preparation and approval of voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes6. Examination of whether the meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report  and also the group accounts and auditor's report for the group8. Resolution on: a) adoption of the profit and loss account and balance sheet  and also the consolidated profit and loss account and consolidated balance sheet; b) allocation of the company's results in accordance with the adopted balance; and c) discharge from liability for the directors and the CEO for the financial year 20219. Resolution on directors' fees and auditor's fees10. Resolution on the number of directors and auditors11. Election of directors and auditor12. Resolution on participation in the Employee Stock Option Program 2021/202413. Resolution on issue authorisation14. Closure of the meetingProposals in brief:Election of chair of the meeting (item 2)It is proposed that Ola Svanberg is elected as chair of the meeting.Allocation of the result (item 8b)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that the company's profit shall be balanced in a new account and that no dividend shall be paid for the financial year 2021.Resolution on directors' and auditor's fees (item 9)Shareholders representing approximately 61.4 percent of the shares and votes propose that the annual general meeting approves that board fees of SEK 160 000 shall be paid to each of the directors who are not employees of the company. A fee of SEK 40 000 shall be paid to the chairman of the remuneration committee or audit committee. A member of the remuneration committee or audit committee shall be paid a fee of SEK 20 000.Fees to the auditor are proposed to be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Resolution on the number of directors and auditors (item 10)Shareholders representing approximately 61.4 percent of the shares and votes propose that the annual general meeting resolves that the board shall consist of five (5) ordinary directors without deputies and that the company shall have one (1) auditor without deputy.Election of board of directors and auditor (item 11)Shareholders representing approximately 61.4 percent of the shares and votes propose  for the period until the closing of the next annual general meeting  the re-election of Henrik Kvick  Peter Åström  Maria Andersson Grimaldi  Jonas Strömberg and Kim Mikkelsen. Henrik Kvick is proposed to be re-elected chairman of the board.It is proposed that Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is re-elected as auditor. Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB has given notice that  if the shareholders' proposal for auditor is adopted at the meeting  Aleksander Lyckow will be the person appointed to have main responsibility for the audit.Resolution on participation in the Employee Stock Option Program 2021/2024 (item 12)BackgroundThe extraordinary general meeting in the company resolved on March 1  2021 to introduce the Employee Stock Option Program 2021/2024. The purpose of the Employee Stock Option Program 2021/2024 is that key employees  management and senior executives employed in the group shall be able to become long-term shareholders and take part in and work for a positive value development of the share in the company during the period covered by the proposed program  and that the group shall be able to retain and recruit competent and committed personnel.During the second half of 2021  the company restructured its workforce and management with the result that several participants in Employee Stock Option Program 2021/2024 no longer are entitled to full allotment and that several persons having taken up a new position are not entitled to full share-based remuneration pursuant to company guidelines. The board of directors of the company has evaluated different methods for including these persons in the company's remuneration package and concluded that the most cost-effective and appropriate option for the company is to allot them options in Employee Stock Option Program 2021/2024 that it is justified that the vesting period in a limited number of cases will be less than three years.ProposalIn light of the above  the board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that the new employees shall receive options in the Employee Stock Option Program 2021/2024  which mainly means that:1. The distribution of options are made within the following limits: a) CEO: No more than 1 000 000 options b) CFO and COO: No more than 500 000 options c) Four other senior executives: No more than 400 000 options d) Eight persons within management: No more than 150 000 options e) 20 key employees: No more than 100 000 options No new share options will be issued.2. each employee stock option entitles to the acquisition of one share in the company at a strike price of approx. SEK 3.25 per share during the period from  and including  March 15  2024 up to  and including  April 12  2024  and3.The company's wholly owned subsidiary Rock Intention Malta Ltd shall be entitled to transfer up to 5 600 000 options of series 2021/2024 to the participants  or otherwise dispose of the options to secure the company's commitments and costs in connection with the Employee Stock Option Program 2021/2024  in accordance with the terms of the program.OtherThe board of directors' proposal to update the distribution of options in the Employee Stock Option Program 2021/2024 is not expected to significantly change the information about the Employee Stock Option Program 2021/2024's costs and dilution effect that was reported prior to the resolution in 2021. If the annual general meeting resolves in accordance with the board's proposal  compared to if the resolution is not made  a dilution effect of approx. 1.78 percent may arise and it will result in an accounting cost of approximately SEK 785 000.Resolution on authorisation for the board to resolve on issue of new shares (item 13)The board proposes that the annual general meeting authorises the board to resolve on issue of new shares  with or without preferential rights for the company's shareholders  on one or more occasions during the period up to the next annual general meeting. The share issue may be in cash  and subject to the condition that new shares are paid for in kind or by set-off  or otherwise in accordance with Chapter 13  section 5  first paragraph (6) of the Companies Act. The total number of shares that can be issuedunder the authorisation may not exceed 60 million shares. The purpose of the authorisation is to strengthen the Company's cash in a time-effective way and to facilitate acquisitions for which payment is in cash or with own shares. The board  or a party appointed by the board  is proposed to be entitled to make any minor adjustments to the meeting's resolution that may be necessary in connection to the registration of the authorisation with the Swedish Companies Registration Office  or due to other formal requirements.Majority requirementsA valid resolution in accordance with item 12 requires that the resolution be supported by shareholders with at least nine tenths of both the votes and the shares represented at the meeting and a valid resolution in accordance with item 13 requires that the resolution be supported by shareholders with at least two thirds of both the votes and the shares represented at the meeting.DocumentsThe board's complete proposal as well as accounting documents and auditor's report for 2021 will be available at the company and on the company's websitewww.acroud.comas from no later than April 28  2022 and will be sent immediately without charge to the recipient  to any shareholders who so request and state their postal address. The documents will also be available at the meeting.Information at the meetingThe board of directors and the CEO shall  upon request by any shareholder  and where the board deems that the information can be provided without significant harm to the company  provide information at the meeting on matters that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may influence determination of the financial position of the company  the consolidated accounts and the company's relationship to another group company.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  please seehttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf____________Stockholm in April 2022ACROUD AB (publ)The board of directors,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.04,0.45,0.51,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Acroud', 'Notice', 'Employee Stock Option Program', 'ACROUD Annual General Meeting', 'other authorisations documents', 'Advokatfirman Lindahl KB', 'equivalent authorisation documents', 'other authorisation documents', 'Unofficial English translation', 'daytime telephone number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'five (5) ordinary directors', 'Voting rights registration', 'Nominee registered shares', 'company registration number', 'lindahl.se', 'issue authorisation', 'ACROUD AB', 'five years', 'voting list', 'annual report', 'Swedish original', 'Swedish text', 'share register', 'personal ID', 'personal data', 'record date', 'legal entity', 'past year', 'longer period', 'two persons', 'financial year', 'Ola Svanberg', 'remuneration committee', 'audit committee', 'registration procedure', 'registration certificates', 'relevant nominee', 'consolidated profit', 'loss account', 'new account', 'information purposes', 'email toemelie', 'group accounts', 'one (1) aud', 'proxy forms', 'written notice', ""directors' fees"", 'board fees', 'company name', 'differences', 'precedence', 'shareholders', 'Thursday', 'May', 'premises', 'Nybrogatan', 'Stockholm', 'Wednesday', 'intention', 'Friday', 'post', 'Att.', 'Box', 'address', 'advisors', 'notification', 'proxies', 'processing', 'way', 'accordance', 'routines', 'preparation', 'Anyone', 'possession', 'website', 'copy', 'validity', 'maximum', 'entry', 'advance', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chair', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Examination', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'results', 'discharge', 'liability', 'CEO', 'participation', 'Closure', 'Proposals', 'brief', 'item', 'dividend', '61.4 percent', 'votes', 'SEK', 'employees', 'member', 'invoices', 'deputies', '14.00']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,marketscreener.com
3110,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MEKONOMEN-AB-PUBL-9059107/news/Notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-Mekonomen-2022-40085279/,Notice of annual general meeting of Mekonomen 2022,8 hours ago,"Notice of annual general meeting of Mekonomen 2022 04/19/2022 | 08:02am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Welcome to the annual general meeting of Mekonomen 2022 The shareholders of Mekonomen Aktiebolag are hereby invited to attend the annual general meeting to be held on Friday  20 May 2022 at 10.00 CET at Bygget  Norrlandsgatan 11  in Stockholm . Registration for the AGM opens at 09.00 CET. The board of Mekonomen has decided that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting also by postal voting in accordance with the regulations in Mekonomen's article of association. Right to participate  notification  proxies etc. Shareholders who wish to attend the annual general meeting must: be listed as shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Thursday  12 May 2022 and give notice of attendance  including number of assistants (if any)  to the company in accordance with the instructions under ""Notification of attendance in the meeting room"" or cast a postal vote in accordance with the instructions under ""Participation by postal voting"" below. Notification of attendance in the meeting room Shareholders who wish to attend the annual general meeting in the meeting room must notify the company of this no later than Monday  16 May 2022   either at www.mekonomen.com  by phone +46 (0)8 402 90 47 weekdays 9:00 - 16:00 CET or by mail to Mekonomen Aktiebolag  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB   Box 191  101 23 Stockholm . Shareholders participating by proxy shall issue a written and dated power of attorney for the proxy. The original power of attorney should  together with certificate of registration or equivalent authorization document (if applicable)  be sent to Mekonomen Aktiebolag  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB   Box 191  101 23 Stockholm well in advance of the meeting. A proxy form is available on www.mekonomen.com. If participation takes place through a legal representative of a legal entity  a registration certificate or equivalent authorization document should  correspondingly  be submitted well in advance of the meeting. Participation by postal voting A special form must be used for postal voting. The postal voting form is available at www.mekonomen.com. Completed and signed form for postal voting must be received by Mekonomen no later than Monday  16 May 2022 and shall be sent by mail to Mekonomen Aktiebolag  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB   Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  or by e-mail to generalmeetingservice@euroclear.com. Shareholders who are natural persons can  no later than 16 May 2022   cast a postal vote electronically through verification with BankID at anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/. Shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form and anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/. If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form  as well as any authorization documents. Proxy form is available om www.mekonomen.com. Shareholders who wish to attend in the meeting room in person or by proxy must notify the company in accordance with the instructions under ""Notification of attendance in the meeting room"". A notification by casting a postal vote is therefore not sufficient for those who wish to attend the meeting room. Nominee-registered shares To be entitled to participate in the annual general meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the meeting  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of Thursday  12 May 2022 (so-called voting rights registration). Such registration may be temporary and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights that have been made by the nominee no later than Monday  16 May 2022 will be taken into account in the shareholder register. Proposed agenda Opening of the meeting and election of a chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of voting register. Approval of the agenda. Election of person to verify the minutes. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened. Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report  the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements  CEO's address. Resolution on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet. Resolution on discharge of the directors and CEO from liability. Resolution concerning disposition of the company's result in accordance with the adopted balance sheet and record date for payment of the dividend. Determination of the number of directors and deputy directors. Determination of fees to the board and the auditor. Election of board members  chairman of the board  and deputies  if any. Election of auditor. Approval of the remuneration report. Resolution on a long-term share-based incentive program (LTIP 2022). Resolutions on authorization for the board to (a) acquire own shares and (b) transfer of own shares. Resolution on authorization for the board to issue new shares. Resolution on amendments to the articles of association concerning corporate name. Closing of the meeting. Proposals Item 1 - Chairman of the meeting The nomination committee proposes Helena Skåntorp as chairman of the meeting  or in her absence  any person appointed by the nomination committee. Item 2 - Voting register The voting register proposed to be approved is the voting register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB   based on the general meeting shareholder register  shareholders notified and present at the meeting as well as received postal votes. Item 4 - Person to verify the minutes The board proposes that Thomas Wuolikainen  representing Fjärde AP-fonden  is elected to verify the minutes  or in his absence  any person appointed by the board. Item 10 - Dividend and record date The board proposes that a dividend if 3.00 SEK per share and that the record date to receive the dividend shall be Tuesday  24 May 2022 . With the proposed record date  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Monday  30 May 2022 . Item 11 - Number of directors The nomination committee proposes that the board shall consist of seven meeting-elected members and no deputy members (unchanged). Item 12 - Fees to the board and the auditor The nomination committee proposes SEK 750 000 to the chairman of the board (previous year: 650 000)  SEK 480 000 to the vice chairman (420 000) and SEK 350 000 to each of the other directors appointed by the meeting (315 000) to the chairman of the board (previous year: 650 000)  to the vice chairman (420 000) and to each of the other directors appointed by the meeting (315 000)  for committee work  SEK 150 000 to the chairman of the audit committee (125 000) and 60 000 to each of the other members of the audit committee (55 000)  and SEK 60 000 to the chairman of the remuneration committee (50 000) and SEK 30 000 to each of the other members of the remuneration committee (25 000)  andto the chairman of the audit committee (125 000) and 60 000 to each of the other members of the audit committee (55 000)  and to the chairman of the remuneration committee (50 000) and to each of the other members of the remuneration committee (25 000)  and auditor's fees in accordance with approved account. Item 13 - Board members and chairman of the board The nomination committee proposes re-election of directors Eivor Andersson   Kenny Bräck  Robert M. Hanser   Joseph M. Holsten   Magnus Håkansson   Michael Løve and Helena Skåntorp  and  Kenny Bräck        Michael Løve and Helena Skåntorp  and re-election of Robert M. Hanser as chairman of the board. Information on the individuals proposed is presented more in detail on www.mekonomen.com. Item 14 - Auditor The nomination committee proposes re-election of the auditing firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as the company's auditor for the period until the end of the annual general meeting 2023. The auditing firm has informed the company that Linda Corneliusson will be continuing as the auditor in charge. The proposal is in accordance with the audit committee's recommendation. Item 15 - Remuneration report The board proposes that the meeting approves the report prepared by the board of remunerations. Item 16 - Long-term share-based incentive program (LTIP 2022) The board proposes that the meeting resolves to establish a long-term share-based incentive program (LTIP 2022) for Mekonomen Aktiebolag (publ) (""Mekonomen"") in accordance with the following. The structure of the program is in line with Mekonomen's previous programs but compared with the previous year that more people can be offered to participate and that the number of possible investment shares increases. Motives and LTIP 2022 in summary The main motives for establishing LTIP 2022 is to align the shareholders' interests with the interests of the company management and other key employees to ensure maximum long-term value creation and to encourage a personal shareholding in Mekonomen . In addition  the board is of the opinion that LTIP 2022 will help Mekonomen to recruit and retain members of the company management and other key employees. LTIP 2022 comprises of approximately 40 employees  including the Group Management in Mekonomen and certain other key employees in the Group. Participation in LTIP 2022 requires a personal shareholding in Mekonomen . After the vesting period  the participants will be allocated shares in Mekonomen free of charge  provided that certain conditions are met. These conditions are linked to continued employment in the Mekonomen Group   a personal shareholding in Mekonomen   and that certain financial key ratios and performance targets are met. The maximum number of shares in Mekonomen that can be allocated under LTIP 2022 shall be limited to 340 000 (including any compensation for dividends)  which corresponds to approximately 0.6 percent of the total number of shares and votes in the company. Participants in LTIP 2022 LTIP 2022 comprises approximately 40 employees  including the members of the Group Management in Mekonomen   members of the management teams of Mekonomen's subsidiaries  and certain other key employees in the Group  divided into four categories. The first category comprises the CEO of Mekonomen (""Category 1"")  the second category comprises members of Mekonomen's Group Management excluding the CEO (five persons) (""Category 2"")  the third category comprises of certain members of the management teams of Mekonomen's subsidiaries (approximately 8 persons) (""Category 3"") and the fourth category compromises of certain selected key employees (approximately 26 persons) (""Category 4""). Additional persons who have been recruited but not yet started their employment in the Mekonomen Group at the end of the application period for participation in the program may be invited to participate with the condition of starting their employment (whereby the number of persons in the various categories may be adjusted). Personal investment and vesting period Participation in LTIP 2022 requires that the participant has a personal shareholding in Mekonomen that is allocated to LTIP 2022 (""Investment Shares""). Investment Shares can either be purchased for LTIP 2022 or be held since previously (provided that they have not already been allocated to another incentive programme already in progress). The participant in Category 1 can invest a maximum of 5 000 shares in Mekonomen   the participants in Category 2 can invest a maximum of 4 000 shares  Category 3 can invest a maximum of 3 000 shares and Category 4 can be invited to invest between 750 - 1 250 shares. The investment levels correspond to approximately 5 - 30 percent of each participant's annual salary before tax. For all categories  each Investment Share entitles to five performance share rights (""Share Rights""). If a participant is in possession of inside information at the time of purchase  purchase of shares to LTIP 2022 shall be made as soon as possible  but not later than 31 December 2022 . Terms and Conditions for Share Rights The following terms and conditions shall apply for the Share Rights: Share Rights will be granted free of charge a certain time after the meeting.Share Rights cannot be transferred or pledged.Each Share Right may entitle the holder the right to receive a share in the company free of charge after the announcement of Mekonomen 's interim report for the first quarter of 2025. A precondition for the right to be allocated shares by virtue of the Share Rights is that the participant has not sold any of his or her Investment Shares and  with certain limited exceptions  that the participant remains employed in the Mekonomen Group until the announcement of Mekonomen 's interim report for the first quarter of 2025. Further  allocation of shares requires that certain financial key ratios and performance targets be achieved by Mekonomen in the manner described under the section ""Performance targets"" below.'s interim report for the first quarter of 2025. A precondition for the right to be allocated shares by virtue of the Share Rights is that the participant has not sold any of his or her Investment Shares and  with certain limited exceptions  that the participant remains employed in the until the announcement of 's interim report for the first quarter of 2025. Further  allocation of shares requires that certain financial key ratios and performance targets be achieved by in the manner described under the section ""Performance targets"" below. To align the participants' interests with the shareholders' interests  Mekonomen will compensate the participants for dividends to shareholders by increasing the number of shares that each Share Right entitles to. Performance targets The Share Rights are divided into series A and series B. Of the five Share Rights  the participants receive one Share Right of series A and four Share Rights of series B. The number of Share Rights that entitles to allocation of shares depends on the achievement of the financial key ratios and performance targets that apply for the respective series as follows: Series A Allocation requires that the total shareholder return1 (TSR) on Mekonomen 's share shall exceed 0 % during the period 1 April 2022 - 31 March 2025 . Series B Allocation requires that the total shareholder return2 (TSR) on Mekonomen 's share shall exceed 0 % during the period 1 April 2022 - 31 March 2025 . In addition  allocation requires that certain target levels are achieved relating to decrease of Net Debt/EBITDA3 and growth in adjusted EBIT4 for the financial years 2022-2024. The board has determined a minimum level and a maximum level for each performance target. If the minimum levels are reached  the Share Rights entitle to a 25 percent allocation in series B. If the maximum levels are reached or exceeded  100 precent allocation is awarded  i.e. each Share Right entitles to one share in Mekonomen . If the degree of achievement is between the minimum and the maximum levels  the outcome will be measured on a linear basis. If the minimum levels are not reached  no allocation will be made. Mekonomen intends to present the target levels and to what extent these have been achieved after the end of the program. 1 Including reversed dividends.2 Including reversed dividends.3 Excluding IFRS 16.4 Reported EBIT adjusted for non-off items and goodwill amortization in Mekonomen AB . Structure and handling The board shall be responsible for the more detailed structure and handling of LTIP 2022 within the framework of the stipulated conditions and guidelines. The board shall be entitled to make adjustments to fulfil specific regulations or market prerequisites in other jurisdictions. In the event significant changes take place in the Mekonomen Group or its business environment that were to result in the decided-upon conditions for allocation and the opportunity to exercise the Share Rights under LTIP 2022 no longer being practicable  the board shall have the right to make other adjustments. Before the number of shares that are to be allocated according to the Share Rights is finally determined  the board shall assess if the outcome of LTIP 2022 is reasonable. This assessment shall be made in relation to Mekonomen 's financial result and position  the conditions in the stock market  and in general. If the board as a result of its assessment finds that the outcome is not reasonable  the board shall reduce the number of shares to be allocated. Scope The maximum number of shares in Mekonomen that can be allocated under LTIP 2022 shall be limited to 340 000 (including compensation for dividends  if any)  which corresponds to approximately 0.6 percent of the total number of shares and votes in the company. Based on the more detailed conditions decided by the board  the number of shares covered by LTIP 2022 shall be subject to adjustment in the event Mekonomen carries out a bonus issue  share split or reverse share split  rights issue or similar measures  while considering customary practice for corresponding incentive programs. Hedge measures The company intends to enter into an equity swap agreement with a bank to ensure the delivery of shares under the LTIP 2022  according to which the bank in its own name shall be able to purchase and transfer shares in Mekonomen to the participants in accordance with LTIP 2022. Scope and costs for the program The Share Rights cannot be pledged or transferred to others. However  an estimated value of each Share Right can be calculated. The board has estimated the average value of each Share Right to SEK 87.20 . The estimate is based on the closing price of the Mekonomen share on 30 March 2022 (SEK 114.00). The total cost for LTIP 2022 is estimated to approximately MSEK 18.6 (including costs for social security contributions of approximately MSEK 6.0  and administration costs for transferring shares through an equity swap agreement estimated to MSEK 1.2)  based on the assumptions that all persons who have been offered to participate in the plan participates and that they make a maximum investment  an average achievement of the performance targets of 50 percent  an annual employee turnover of 10 percent  an annual increase in the share price by 10 percent  and average social security contributions of 30 percent. With an assumption of achievement of the performance targets of 100 percent  the total cost is instead expected to approximately MSEK 26.0 (including costs for social security contributions of approximately MSEK 8.5 and administration costs for transfer of shares through an equity swap agreement are estimated to MSEK 1.2)  which  on an annual basis  corresponds to approximately 0.3 percent of Mekonomen 's total personnel costs for the financial year 2021. The costs will be booked as personnel costs in the income statement over the vesting period in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based Payment. Social security contributions will be expensed in the income statement in accordance with Swedish Financial Accounting Board Pronouncement UFR 7 during the vesting period. The size of these costs will be calculated based on Mekonomen 's share price growth during the vesting period and the allocation of Share Rights. Effects on important key ratios On a pro forma basis for 2021  an annual cost of MSEK 6.2 for LTIP 2022 corresponds to a negative effect of approximately 0.1 percentage points on Mekonomen 's operating margin and a decrease in earnings per share by approximately SEK 0.17 . However  the board believes that the positive effects on Mekonomen 's financial results that are expected to arise through an increase in the participants' shareholdings and the opportunity for additional allocation of shares under the program exceed the costs related to LTIP 2022. Drafting of the proposal LTIP 2022 has been prepared by Mekonomen 's remuneration committee and board and was drafted in consultation with external advisors. Other incentive programs in Mekonomen There are share-based incentive programs that has previously been implemented in Mekonomen   LTIP 2019  LTIP 2020 and LTIP 2021. For more information  please see the company's website and annual report for 2021. The board's proposal for decision In reference to the description above  the board proposes that the meeting votes in favor of LTIP 2022. Majority requirement The board's proposal for decision to introduce LTIP 2022 requires that the decision is approved by shareholders representing more than half of the votes represented at the meeting. Item 17 - Acquisition and transfer of own shares A. Acquisition of own shares The board proposes that the meeting authorizes the board  for the period until the next annual general meeting  on one or several occasions  to resolve on acquisitions of the company's own shares as follows: The company may acquire a maximum number of shares so that the company's holding  at any time  does not exceed 10 per cent of all shares in the company.The shares may be acquired on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price per share at each time within the prevailing price interval for the share (i.e.  the interval between the highest purchase price and lowest selling price).Payment for the shares shall be made in cash. B. Transfer of own shares The board further proposes that the meeting authorizes the board  for the period until the next annual meeting  on one or several occasions  to resolve on transfers of the company's own shares in connection with or due to acquisition as follows: All shares held by the company at the time of the board's decision may be transferred.The shares may be transferred with deviation from the shareholders' preferential right.The shares may be transferred on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price per share within the prevailing price interval for the share. Transfers may also be conducted outside Nasdaq Stockholm. Payment for shares transferred outside Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made in cash  through contribution in kind or by a set-off of company debt  and the price shall be determined so that the transfer takes place on market terms. The purpose of the above authorizations regarding acquisition and transfer of own shares  and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders preferential right  is to enable the company to adjust the company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value as well as to use repurchased shares as payment in connection with any company and business acquisitions or for financing such acquisitions. Item 18 - Authorization for the board to decide on new issue of shares The board proposes that the meeting authorizes the board  for the period until the next annual general meeting  at one or several occasions  with preferential rights for the shareholders  or with deviation from shareholder preferential rights  to resolve upon new issues of a maximum of 5 641 662 shares. Such decision on new issue may include provisions that payment  in addition to cash payment  may be made in contribution kind  through set-off or as else is set forth in chapter 13 paragraph 5 section 1 item 6 of the Swedish Companies Act. The purpose of the authorization is to enable Mekonomen to issue shares as payment in relation to acquisitions of companies or parts of companies and/or of assets  which the board deems to add value to the business of the Mekonomen Group   and to be able to raise capital for such acquisitions. A new issue made under the authorization and which is made without the shareholders' preferential rights shall take place on market terms. The board  the CEO or any person empowered by the board  is further authorized to make minor amendments to the resolution set out above to the extent necessary in connection with the filing of requisite documents with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. Item 19 - Amendment to the articles of association concerning corporate name The board proposes that the meeting resolves to amend paragraph 1 of the articles of association  as follows  whereby the company's corporate name is amended to MEKO AB . Current wording ""The registered name of the company is MEKONOMEN AKTIEBOLAG. The company is a limited liability company (publ)."" Proposed wording ""The registered name of the company is MEKO AB . The company is a limited liability company (publ)."" Special majority requirements A resolution in accordance with items 17  18 and 19 require support of shareholders with at least two-thirds of the number of votes and shares represented at the meeting to be valid. Documents The complete proposals of the board are presented above. The nomination committee's proposal and motivated statement  and information on the proposed board members  can be found on www.mekonomen.com.The annual report  the auditor's report  the auditor's statement on the guidelines for remuneration of senior executives  the board's statement regarding dividend and acquisition of own shares as well as the board's remuneration report  will be available at www.mekonomen.com and at the company at Solnavägen 4 in Stockholm   no later than three weeks before the meeting. The documents will be sent upon request to shareholders who have provided their postal or e-mail address. Such request can be made by phone to +46 (0)8 402 90 47. Shareholders' right to receive information At the annual general meeting  the board and CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and if the board is of the opinion that it can be done without causing material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  conditions that may affect the assessment of the company's or a subsidiary's financial situation  and/or the company's relationship to other group companies. Shareholders that want to submit questions in advance may do so by e-mail to ir@mekonomen.se or by mail to Mekonomen Aktiebolag  ""AGM""  Box 195 42  104 32 Stockholm. These must be received by Mekonomen no later than 10 May 2022 . Shares and votes The total number of shares and votes in the company on the day this notice was issued was 56 416 622  of which the company owns 93 250 treasury shares that may not be represented at the meeting. Processing of personal data For information about how your personal data is processed  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. ____________ Stockholm   April 2022 Mekonomen Aktiebolag (publ) The Board of Directors This is a translation of the Swedish original wording. In case of discrepancies  the Swedish version shall prevail. https://news.cision.com/mekonomen/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-mekonomen-2022 c3546096 https://mb.cision.com/Main/550/3546096/1565518.pdf (c) 2022 Cision. All rights reserved.  source Press Releases - English All news about MEKONOMEN AB (PUBL) 08:02a Notice of annual general meeting of Mekonomen 2022 AQ 04/07 Mekonomen Group's Annual Report for 2021 AQ 03/11 HC ANDERSEN CAPITAL EVENTS 11/3 : Meet the Management in OmniCar AQ 03/10 Mekonomen Group expands within mobile workshop services by investing in the service com.. AQ 03/10 Mekonomen Group invests 19 MSEK in Omnicar while the management of Omnicar undertakes t.. AQ 03/10 MEKONOMEN AB (OM : MEKO) acquired a 20.5% stake in OmniCar Holding AB. CI 02/21 Mekonomen Group is increasing its focus on efficiency through a new high-tech central w.. AQ 02/21 Mekonomen Group to Build A New High-Tech Automated Central Warehouse with Head Office a.. CI 02/11 TRANSCRIPT : Mekonomen AB  2021 Earnings Call  Feb 11  2022 CI 02/11 Year-end report January - December 2021 AQ",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,negative,0.01,0.07,0.92,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Notice', 'Mekonomen', 'multiple email addresses', 'consolidated financial statements', 'equivalent authorization document', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'annual general meeting', 'entire postal vote', 'postal voting form', 'voting rights registration', 'authorization documents', 'voting register', 'special form', 'annual report', 'meeting room', 'share register', 'dated power', 'original power', 'legal representative', 'legal entity', 'natural persons', 'proxy form', 'agenda Opening', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'registration certificate', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'Mekonomen Aktiebolag', 'First name', 'shareholder register', 'anmalan.vpc', 'vpc.', 'mekonomen.', 'Notice', '02am', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'shareholders', 'Friday', 'May', '10.00 CET', 'Bygget', 'Norrlandsgatan', 'Stockholm', 'AGM', '09.00 CET', 'board', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'article', 'association', 'notification', 'proxies', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'Thursday', 'attendance', 'number', 'assistants', 'company', 'Participation', 'Monday', 'www', 'phone', 'weekdays', 'Box', 'written', 'attorney', 'advance', 'place', 'generalmeetingservice', 'verification', 'BankID', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'addition', 'request', 'routines', 'time', 'account', 'election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'auditor', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'discharge', 'directors', 'liability', 'disposition', 'result', '101']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,marketscreener.com
3111,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALZINOVA-AB-55763397/news/Notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-Alzinova-AB-publ-40082328/,Notice of annual general meeting in Alzinova AB (publ),14 hours ago,"Notice of annual general meeting in Alzinova AB (publ) 04/19/2022 | 02:37am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields The shareholders of Alzinova AB (publ) reg. no. 556861-8168 (the ""Company"") are hereby summoned to attend the Annual General Meeting (the ""AGM"") on 18 May 2022 at 14.00 CEST at Stenasalen in Ågrenska villan at the university of Gothenburg (address Högåsplatsen 2) in Gothenburg . Registration starts at 13.30 CEST. Right to participateShareholders that wish to participate in the AGM shall be registered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on 10 May 2022 and shall have notified the Company of their intention to participate at the AGM no later than on 12 May 2022 . Notice to participate shall be given in writing by e-mail to alzinova@fredersen.se or by post to Alzinova AB (publ) c/o Fredersen Advokatbyrå  Turning Torso  211 15 Malmö. The notice shall contain the shareholder's name  personal identity number or registration number and telephone number and  where applicable  the number of advisors (maximum two). Nominee-registered sharesShareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee/custodian must register their shares in their own names in order to be entitled to participate in the AGM. Such registration  which may be temporary  must be effected no later than on 12 May 2022 and shareholders must  therefore  instruct their nominees well in advance thereof. ProxyIf a shareholder wishes to be represented by proxy  a power of attorney shall be issued to the proxy. The power of attorney is to be in writing  dated and duly signed by the shareholder. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be included with the notification. Please provide the power of attorney in original as well as certificate of incorporation and other documents of authority to the Company to the address mentioned above well in advance before the AGM. If the power of attorney and other documents of authority have not been provided in advance  these documents must be presented at the AGM. Power of attorney forms are available at the Company and on the Company's website  www.alzinova.com  and will be sent upon request to any shareholder who states their postal address. Proposal of agenda Opening of the meeting Election of chairman of the meeting Preparation and approval of the voting register Approval of the agenda Election of one or two persons to attest the minutes Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report. Resolution on adoption of the profit and loss account and the balance sheet allocation of the Company's profit [or loss] according to the consolidated balance sheet discharge from liability for the Board members and the CEO Resolution as to the number of Board members and auditors Resolution on the remuneration to the Board of Directors and auditor Election of Board members and deputy Board members Björn Larsson (re-election) Anders Blom (re-election) Lena Degling Wikingsson (re-election) Per-Göran Gillberg (re-election) Clas Malmeström (re-election) Carol Routledge (re-election) Pernilla Sandwall (re-election) Anders Waas (re-election) Deputy Board members Anders Sandberg (re-election) Election of chairman of the Board Björn Larsson (re-election) Election of auditor Ernst & Young Aktiebolag (re-election) Resolution on amendments to the Articles of Association approval of the Board of Directors' resolution on an issue of units with pre-emption rights for the shareholders (the ""Rights Issue"") Resolution on directed issue of shares Resolution on authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on new issues of shares or warrants Closing of the meeting ProposalsThe nomination committee's proposals (item 2 and 9-13)The nomination committee which has consisted of Julian Aleksov (appointed by Maida Vale Capital AB )  Anders Waas (appointed by MIVAC Development AB )  Ola Hermansson   and with Björn Larsson (chairman of the Board of Directors) adjunct to the committee  proposes the AGM to resolve: that Björn Larsson is elected chairman of the AGM  that the Board of Directors shall consist of eight (eight) Board members  that one deputy Board member is to be appointed  that one registered audit firm with no deputy auditors is elected as auditor of the Company  that remuneration to the Board shall be two income base amount per year 2022 (two income base amount per year 2021) to the chairman of the Board and one base income amount per year 2022 (one income base amount per year 2021) each to the Board members  that remuneration to the auditor shall be in accordance with approved invoicing  that Björn Larsson   Anders Blom   Lena Degling Wikingsson  Per-Göran Gillberg  Clas Malmeström  Carol Routledge   Pernilla Sandwall and Anders Waas are re-elected as Board members  that Anders Sandberg is to be re-elected as deputy Board member  that Björn Larsson is re-elected as chairman of the Board of Directors  and that Ernst and Young Aktiebolag is re-elected as audit firm (Ernst and Young Aktiebolag has informed that the authorized accountant Linda Sallander shall be appointed principle auditor  if the AGM resolves in accordance with the proposal). The nomination committee has decided not to propose any updated principles for the appointment of the nomination committee  whereby the principles adopted by the 2019 AGM will continue to apply until the AGM decides otherwise. The Board of Directors' proposalsAllocation of the company's profit or loss (item 8.b)The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend for the financial year 2021 is to be paid. Resolution on a) amendments to the Articles of Association and b) approval of the Board of Directors' resolution on an issue of units with pre-emption rights for the shareholders (items 14 a)-b))To enable the Board's proposal on the Rights Issue (see definition below) according to item 14 b) of the agenda  the Articles of Associations' limits for the share capital and the number of shares need to be adjusted. The Board of Directors has prepared two different proposals for amendments to the Articles of Association regarding the limits for the share capital and the number of shares. The articles of association that are registered depend on how many shares are subscribed for and paid for in the Rights Issue under item 14 b). The Board of Directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the Board is authorized to  after the Rights Issue under item 14 b) has been completed and the outcome is known  submit to the Swedish Companies Registration Office the amendment to the Articles of Association that is adapted to the outcome of the Rights Issue. In the event the Rights Issue is not fully subscribed  the Articles of Association in accordance with item 14 a) i) shall be registered. In the event the Rights Issue is fully subscribed  the Articles of Association in accordance with item 14 a) ii) shall be registered. i) Proposal for a resolution to amend the Articles of Association (limits on share capital and number of shares) The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to amend the Articles of Association as follows: It is proposed that the limits for the share capital in § 4 of the Articles of Association be amended as follows: ""The share capital shall be a minimum of SEK 8 521 200 and a maximum of SEK 34 084 800 ."" Furthermore  it is proposed that the limits for the number of shares in § 5 of the Articles of Association be amended as follows: ""The number of shares shall be minimum 32 400 000 and maximum 129 600 000."" ii) Proposal for a resolution to amend the Articles of Association (limits on share capital and number of shares) The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to amend the Articles of Association as follows: It is proposed that the limits for the share capital in § 4 of the Articles of Association be changed as follows: ""The share capital shall be a minimum of SEK 9 573 200 and a maximum of SEK 38 292 800 ."" Furthermore  it is proposed that the limits for the number of shares in § 5 of the Articles of Association be amended as follows: ""The number of shares shall be minimum 36 400 000 and maximum 145 600 000."" Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors' resolution on an issue of units with pre-emption rights for the shareholders (the ""Rights Issue"") The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to approve the Board of Directors' resolution on an issue of units  consisting of shares and warrants  with pre-emption rights for the shareholders as follows. The share capital is increased with not more than SEK 5 328 878.385000 through an issue of not more than 20 261 895 shares. Furthermore  16 209 516 warrants of series TO3 (""Warrants"") are issued. One (1) Warrant entails a right to subscribe for one (1) new share whereby the Company's share capital can  additionally  increase with not more than SEK 4 263 102.708000 and the number of shares can  additionally  increase with not more than 16 209 516 shares. The new shares and Warrants will be issued as so-called units. Each unit consists of five (5) shares and four (4) Warrants. Possession of one (1) share on the record date on 25 May 2022   entitles the holder to one (1) unit right. Four (4) unit rights entitle the holder to subscribe for one (1) unit. The subscription price for each unit shall amount to SEK 10.50 . The subscription price for each share shall thus amount to SEK 2.10 . The Warrants are issued free of charge. The part of the subscription price for the shares that exceeds the quotient value of the share shall be added to the non-restricted share premium reserve and the part of the subscription price for the shares which are subscribed for through exercising the Warrants which exceeds the quotient value of the share shall be added to the non-restricted share premium reserve. The right to subscribe for units shall accure with pre-emptions rights to those who  as of the record date on 25 May 2022   own shares in the Company. If all units are not subscribed for with support of unit rights  allotment of the rest of the units shall be made within the maximum amount for the Rights Issue: Firstly  to those who have subscribed for units with support of unit rights (regardless of whether they were shareholders on the record date or not) and who have registered an interest in subscribing for units without the support of unit rights and in the event that allotment to these persons cannot be made in full  allotment shall be made pro rata in relation to the number of unit rights  which each person who has registered an interest to subscribe for units without support of unit rights  has exercised for subscription of units. Secondly  to others who have signed up for subscription of units in the Rights Issue without support of unit rights and in the event that allotment to these cannot be made in full  allotment shall be made pro rata in relation to the number of units in total that each person has signed up for subscription. Thirdly  to those who have left guarantee commitments regarding subscription of units  in proportion to such guaranteed commitments. To the extent that allotment in any stage according to the above can not take place pro rata  allotment shall be made by drawing of lots. The subscription period shall take place from and including 30 May 2022 up to and including 13 June 2022 . Subscription by use of unit rights shall be made through payment no later than on 13 June 2022 . Subscription without use of unit rights shall be made on a subscription list whereby payment shall be made no later than three banking days from when the notification regarding allotment was sent. The Board of Directors shall be entitled to extend the subscription and payment periods. Such extension should be made no later than on the last day of the subscription period. The new shares shall entitle to dividend on the first record date for dividend regarding shares which takes place after they have been registered in the Company's share register. Possession of one (1) Warrant entitles the holder  during the exercise period from and including 11 April 2023 to and including 25 April 2023   to subscribe for for one (1) new share in the Company at a subscription price per share corresponding to 70 percent of the volume weighted share price (VWAP) for the Company's share during the period from and including 23 March 2023 up to and including 5 April 2023   however  not less than the quota value of the Company's share and not more than SEK 3.15 which corresponds to 150 percent of the subscription price per share in the Rights Issue. For the Warrants applies  in addition to what is stated in this resolution  the terms and conditions stated in Appendix A . The CEO  or the person he or she appoints  shall be authorised to make the minor adjustments in the resolution and the terms and conditions that may prove necessary in connection with registration and execution. The resolution of the AGM in accordance with items 14 a and b are adopted as a resolution. Resolution on directed issue of shares (item 15 )The Rights Issue in item 14 has been ensured to approximately 67 percent through underwriting commitments  undertaken by both shareholders and external investors. An underwriting compensation is paid for the underwriting commitments which amounts to fifteen (15) percent of the underwriting amount if the underwriter chooses to receive an underwriting compensation in the form of shares in the Company. To enable the Company to pay the underwriting compensation in the form of shares  should any underwriter choose that alternative  the Board proposes the following. As closely related parties to the Company are part of the underwriting consortium  a valid resolution requires approval of at least nine tenths of the shares represented and votes cast at the AGM. The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to increase the Company's share capital by not more than SEK 535 360.696000 through a new issue of not more than 2 035 592 new shares in the Company (the ""Compensation Issue""). For the Compensation Issue  the following main conditions shall apply. The right to subscribe for the new shares shall  with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights  accrue to the underwriters with whom the Company has entered into an underwriting agreement to secure the rights issue resolved by the Board on 19 April 2022 (the ""Rights Issue""). The purpose of the Compensation Issue and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights is that any underwriting compensation to the underwriters may be paid through a new issue of shares. The subscription price shall be the higher of (i) the subscription price per share in the Rights Issue and (ii) a subscription price corresponding to 85 percent of the volume weighted average price (VWAP) for the Company's share on Nasdaq First North Growth Market during the period from and including 30 May 2022 up to and including 13 June 2022 . The basis for the subscription price is that it is agreed with the underwriters. The Company's Board of Directors considers the subscription price to be market conformant. The newly issued shares shall be subscribed for on subscription list no later than 20 June 2022 . The Board has the right to extend the subscription period. Payment for subscribed shares shall be made by way of set-off no later than 20 June 2022   whereby set-off of the subscription price can be made at a maximum amount corresponding to the subscriber's claim according to entered into underwriting agreements. The total claims amount to SEK 4 274 743.20 . Over-subscription is not possible. Set-off is completed through subscription of shares. The Board has the right to extend the time for payment. The new shares shall be entitled to dividend as from the first record day for dividend that falls closest after the newly issued shares have been registered in the Company's share register. The part of the subscription price for the shares that exceeds the quota value of the share shall be added to the non-restricted share premium reserve. The Company's CEO shall be authorised to make any formal adjustments in the resolution that may be required in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket). Authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on new issues of shares or warrants (item 16)The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to decide  on one or several occasions during the period up to the next AGM  to adopt a new issue of shares or warrants in the company with or without deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption right. The authorization shall include the right to decide on issue against cash payment  capital contributed in kind or payment through set-off  and otherwise as conditions pursuant to Chapter 2  Section 5  second paragraph 1-3 and 5 of the Swedish Companies Act. Any issues made with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption right shall be made on market terms  subject to an issue discount in line with prevailing market conditions if applicable. The total number of shares that may be issued  or in the event of an issue of warrants  any additional shares after conversion or exercise  pursuant to the authorisation in this paragraph shall  for resolutions taken without deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights  not be limited in any other way than by the limits for the share capital and number of shares  as set forth from time to time in the registered articles of association. The reason for the proposal and the possibility of deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights is to broaden and strengthen the ownership with strategic shareholders  procuring or facilitating the procurement of working capital  increasing the liquidity of the share  making acquisitions  or procuring or facilitating the procurement of capital for acquisitions. The company's CEO shall be authorized to make the minor formal adjustments to the decision that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. Majority requirementsResolutions in accordance with items 14 and 16 above require approval of at least two thirds (2/3) of the shares represented and votes cast at the AGM. Resolution in accordance with item 15 above require approval of at least nine tenths (9/10) of the shares represented and votes cast at the AGM. Further informationAs per the date of the issue of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in the Company are 16 209 519. The annual report  audit report and proxy forms  the Board of Directors' complete proposals as well as complete underlying documentation will be made available by the Company and at the Company's website at least three weeks before the AGM. The documents will be sent to shareholders who request it and who provide their postal address. The shareholders are reminded of their right of information according to Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw: aktiebolagslagen). The Company has its registered office in Gothenburg . Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see:https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf Gothenburg   April 2022Alzinova AB (publ)The Board of Directors For more information  please contact:Kristina Torfgård  CEOtel: +46 708 46 79 75E-mail: kristina.torfgard@alzinova.com About Alzinova ABAlzinova AB is a Swedish clinical-stage biopharma company specializing in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease targeting neurotoxic amyloid beta oligomers. The lead candidate  ALZ-101  is being developed as a therapeutic vaccine for the treatment of Alzheimer's. Alzinova's proprietary AβCC peptide(TM) technology enables the development of disease-modifying therapies that target the toxic amyloid beta oligomers involved in the onset and progression of the disease with high precision. Alzheimer's is one of the most common and devastating neurological diseases globally  with of the order of 40 million people afflicted today. In addition  the antibody ALZ-201 is in early preclinical development  and the ambition is to expand the pipeline further. The company's Certified Advisor on Nasdaq First North Growth Market is Corpura info@corpura.se +46 768-532 822. For more information about Alzinova   please visit: www.alzinova.com https://news.cision.com/alzinova/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-alzinova-ab--publ- c3547629 (c) 2022 Cision. All rights reserved.  source Press Releases - English All news about ALZINOVA AB 02:37a Notice of annual general meeting in Alzinova AB (publ) AQ 02:29a The Board of Directors resolves on a rights issue of units of approximately SEK 42.5 mi.. AQ 01:47a Alzinova AB interim report January - March 2022 AQ 03/30 Alzinova Optimizes Manufacturing Process For Alzheimer's Disease Vaccine MT 03/30 Alzinova improves manufacturing process of ALZ-101 to meet phase 2 requirements AQ 03/30 Alzinova Improves Manufacturing Process of ALZ-101 to Meet Phase 2 Requirements CI 02/24 Alzinova AB Year end report 2021 AQ 02/24 Alzinova AB Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31  2021 CI 02/24 Alzinova AB Reports Earnings Results for the Fourth Quarter Ended December 31  2021 CI 01/26 Alzinova announces that Mangold Insight initiates equity research coverage of the compa.. AQ",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Alzinova AB', 'Notice', 'one registered audit firm', 'one base income amount', 'one income base amount', 'two income base amount', 'consolidated balance sheet discharge', 'Maida Vale Capital AB', 'address Högåsplatsen', 'eight (eight) Board members', 'one deputy Board member', 'balance sheet allocation', 'Göran Gillberg', 'multiple email addresses', 'Björn Larsson', 'Lena Degling Wikingsson', 'Clas Malmeström', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'MIVAC Development AB', 'personal identity number', 'annual general meeting', 'deputy Board members', 'two persons', 'deputy auditors', 'postal address', 'Alzinova AB', 'annual report', 'Ågrenska villan', 'share register', 'fredersen.se', 'Fredersen Advokatbyrå', 'Turning Torso', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'agenda Opening', 'meeting Preparation', 'voting register', 'minutes Determination', 'Anders Blom', 'Carol Routledge', 'Pernilla Sandwall', 'Anders Waas', 'Anders Sandberg', 'Young Aktiebolag', 'pre-emption rights', 'new issues', 'warrants Closing', 'Julian Aleksov', 'Ola Hermansson', 'telephone number', 'Such registration', 'other documents', 'nomination committee', 'loss account', 'registration number', 'auditor Ernst', 'Association approval', 'Rights Issue', 'CEO Resolution', 'First name', 'meeting Election', 'agenda Election', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'attorney forms', 'auditor Election', ""Directors' resolution"", 'Notice', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Company', 'AGM', '18 May', '14.00 CEST', 'Stenasalen', 'university', 'Gothenburg', '10 May', 'intention', '12 May', 'writing', '15 Malmö', 'advisors', 'nominee/custodian', 'names', 'order', 'nominees', 'advance', 'Proxy', 'power', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'notification', 'original', 'authority', 'website', 'request', 'Proposal', 'chairman', 'Presentation', 'adoption', 'profit', 'liability', 'remuneration', 'amendments', 'Articles', 'units', 'authorisation', 'year', 'accordance', 'invoicing', '13.30']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,marketscreener.com
3112,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TOBII-AB-PUBL-26265701/news/Notice-of-the-2022-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Tobii-40083791/,Notice of the 2022 Annual General Meeting of Tobii,10 hours ago,"Notice of the 2022 Annual General Meeting of Tobii 04/19/2022 | 06:01am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Tobii AB (publ) hereby summons to the annual general meeting on Wednesday 25 May 2022 . The annual general meeting will be carried out through advance voting (postal voting) only pursuant to temporary legislation and Tobii welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at this annual general meeting through advance voting according to the procedure set out below. Information on the resolutions passed at the annual general meeting will be published on 25 May 2022   as soon as the result of the voting has been finally confirmed. Notification of participation Shareholders who wish to participate in the annual general meeting must (i) be recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 17 May 2022 and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the annual general meeting no later than 24 May 2022 by casting their advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Advance voting below  so that the advance voting form is received by Tobii AB no later than that day. To be entitled to participate in the annual general meeting  in addition to providing notification of participation  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the shareholders' register as at 17 May 2022 . Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed not later than the second banking day after 17 May 2022 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders. Advance voting The shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting only by voting in advance  so-called postal voting in accordance with section 22 of the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on Tobii's website  www.tobii.com. The advance voting form is considered as the notification of participation. The completed voting form must be received by Tobii no later than Tuesday 24 May 2022 . The form may be submitted via e-mail to generalmeeting@tobii.com or by post to Tobii AB (publ)  att. AGM  Box 743  SE-182 17 Danderyd  Sweden . If the shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a power of attorney shall be enclosed to the form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting. Right to request information Shareholders are reminded of their right to request information in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen). A request for such information shall be made in writing to Tobii AB (publ)  att. AGM  Box 743  SE-182 17 Danderyd  Sweden or via email to generalmeeting@tobii.com  no later than on 15 May 2022 . Information relating to such requests will be made available at Tobii AB (publ)  Karlsrovägen 2D  SE-182 53 Danderyd  Sweden and on the company's website  www.tobii.com  no later than on 20 May 2022 . The information will also be sent  within the same period of time  to shareholders who so request and state their address. Number of shares and votes There are  as of the day of this notice  a total number of 106 473 603 shares in Tobii AB   whereof 105 659 603 ordinary shares and 814 000 Class C shares  corresponding to a total of 105 741 003 votes in the company. Proposed agenda 1. Election of a chairman of the meeting. 2. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes of the meeting. 3. Preparation and approval of the voting list. 4. Approval of the agenda. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened. Submission of the annual report and the auditors' report and the consolidated financial statements and the auditors' report for the group. Resolutions regarding: adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet  allocation of the company's profits or losses in accordance with the adopted balance sheet  and discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability. Determination of: the number of members of the Board of Directors  and the number of auditors. Determination of fees to: the Board of Directors  and the auditors. Election of the members of the Board of Directors: Heli Arantola  Mats Backman   Henrik Eskilsson   Charlotta Falvin  Jörgen Lantto   Per Norman  and Jan Wäreby . Election of the chairman of the Board of Directors. Election of auditors and  where applicable  deputy auditors. Presentation of the Board of Directors' remuneration report for approval. Proposal regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve to issue new shares. Proposal for resolution regarding incentive program 2022. Proposal for resolution on transfer of own shares issued and repurchased under incentive program originally adopted in 2020. Proposal for resolution regarding guidelines for executive remuneration. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes of the meeting (item 2) As persons to approve the minutes of the annual general meeting together with the chairman  the Board of Directors proposes Helen Fasth Gillstedt (Handelsbanken Fonder)  or  if she is prevented  the person instead appointed by the Board of Directors. The task of approving the minutes of the annual general meeting also includes verifying the voting list and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the annual general meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list (item 3) The voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by the company  based on the annual general meeting's shareholders' register and advance votes received  as verified and recommended by the persons approving the minutes of the annual general meeting. Proposal regarding appropriation of the company's result (item 7b) The Board of Directors and the CEO propose that the company's results shall be carried forward and thus no dividend will be distributed. Determination of the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors  fees to the Board of Directors and election of members of the Board of Directors (items 1  8  9  10  11 and 12) The Nomination Committee  appointed in accordance with the principles established by the annual general meeting on 8 May 2018   consists of Jan Andersson (appointed by Swedbank Robur Fonder )  Helen Fasth Gillstedt (appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder)  Henrik Tellving (appointed by the company's founders) and Kent Sander (chairman of the Board of Directors). The Nomination Committee has appointed Helen Fasth Gillstedt as the Nomination Committee's chairman. The Nomination Committee proposes that: Jesper Schönbeck  member of the Swedish Bar Association   from Advokatfirman Vinge  or  if he has an impediment to attend  the person proposed by the Nomination Committee  is elected as chairman of the annual general meeting (item 1).  from Advokatfirman Vinge  or  if he has an impediment to attend  the person proposed by the Nomination Committee  is elected as chairman of the annual general meeting (item 1). The number of members of the Board of Directors shall be seven (7)  with no deputy members (item 8a). The number of auditors shall be one (1) authorised accounting firm (item 8b).That the fees to the Board of Directors shall amount to SEK 2 285 000 (2 150 000) to be allocated with SEK 725 000 (650 000) to the chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 260 000 (250 000) to each other member of the Board of Directors not employed by the company. Remuneration for committee work shall be paid with a maximum total of SEK 330 000 (319 000)  whereof SEK 240 000 (240 000) shall be allocated to the audit committee (whereof SEK 120 000 (120 000) to the chairman of the committee and SEK 60 000 (60 000) to each of the other two members) and SEK 90 000 (79 000) to the Compensation Committee (whereof SEK 40 000 (37 000) to the chairman of the committee and SEK 25 000 (21 000) to each of the other two members) (item 9a).(2 150 000) to be allocated with (650 000) to the chairman of the Board of Directors and (250 000) to each other member of the Board of Directors not employed by the company. Remuneration for committee work shall be paid with a maximum total of (319 000)  whereof (240 000) shall be allocated to the audit committee (whereof (120 000) to the chairman of the committee and (60 000) to each of the other two members) and (79 000) to the Compensation Committee (whereof (37 000) to the chairman of the committee and (21 000) to each of the other two members) (item 9a). Auditors' fee is proposed to be as per approved current account (item 9b).Re-election of the members of the Board of Directors Heli Arantola   Henrik Eskilsson   Charlotta Falvin  Jörgen Lantto and Jan Wäreby (items 10a-e). Kent Sander and Nils Bernhard has declined re-election. Election of Mats Backman and Per Norman as new members of the Board of Directors (items 10f-g). Per Norman is proposed to be elected as chairman of the Board of Directors (item 11). Mats Backman Mats Backman was born in 1968 and has a master's degree in economics. He is currently a board member of Gränges AB and has held CFO-roles in Sandvik  Autoliv   Veoneer and Trustly . Per Norman Per Norman is a civil engineer  born in 1964. Today he is a consultant and board employee. Per has previously held various positions within the Modern Times Group   including CEO of Boxer TV Access and Mr Green . He is currently Chairman of the Board of Leo Vegas   Holm Securities and Learnster. He also sits on the Board of Sveriges Television and GHLF Group . Re-election of the accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB . The proposal corresponds to the audit committee's recommendation (item 12). Information on the proposed members of the Board of Directors is available at www.tobii.com. Resolution regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve to issue new shares (item 14) The Board of Directors proposes that the meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve to issue new shares on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  without preferential rights for the shareholders  against payment in cash  through set-off or in kind  or otherwise on special conditions. However  such issue of shares must never result in the company's issued share capital or the number of shares in the company at any time being increased by more than a total of 10 percent. The purpose of the authorisation is to increase the financial flexibility of the company and the acting scope of the Board of Directors as well as to potentially broaden the shareholder base. Proposal for resolution regarding incentive program 2022 (item 15) The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a new long-term incentive program for employees and consultants with similar terms and conditions as permanent employees within the Tobii group (""LTI 2022"") in accordance with the below. Proposal for resolution to adopt LTI 2022 The program in brief LTI 2022 is proposed to include the executive management team (including the CEO)  the extended management team and other selected employees and long-term consultants with similar terms and conditions of employment  meaning that LTI 2022 is proposed to include a maximum of 180 individuals within the Tobii group. The participants will be given the opportunity to receive ordinary shares (""Performance Shares"") in accordance with the terms and conditions set out below. Within the scope of LTI 2022  the company will allot participants stock units  entailing the right to  subject to certain conditions being met  receive a Performance Share free of charge (""Stock Units""). The vesting conditions specified under the heading Vesting condition for all participants below applies to all participants. In addition  for participants in category 1 (the CEO) and category 2 (other members of the executive management team and the extended management team) a condition related to total shareholder return specified under the heading Condition related to total shareholder return for participants in category 1 and 2 below will apply and for Swedish participants in category 3 (other participants) a different condition related to total shareholder return specified under the heading Condition related to total shareholder return for Swedish participants in category 3 below will apply. The background and rationale for the proposal The rationale for the proposal is to create opportunities to increase retention and motivation among strategic key employees and consultants with similar terms and conditions of employment in the group  and to increase the group's ability to attract top talents to strategic positions. The Board of Directors considers that the adopting of the incentive program as described above is in the favor of the group and the shareholders in the company. LTI 2022 has been designed so that the program includes both current and potential future members of the executive management  other employees and consultants with similar terms and conditions of employment. LTI 2022 also rewards employees' and consultants with similar terms and conditions of employment continued loyalty and thus the long-term value growth of the company. After these considerations  the Board of Directors considers that LTI 2022 will have a positive effect on the future development of the Tobii group and will consequently be beneficial for both the company and its shareholders.Vesting condition for all participants The last date for allotment of Stock Units pursuant to LTI 2022 shall be the day before the annual general meeting in Tobii 2023. The allocated Stock Units will vest in three annual instalments during the period from the start of LTI 2022 and up to and including 31 May 2026 . One third (1/3) of the allocated Stock Units shall be deemed vested on each of 31 May 2024   2025 and 2026  respectively (each a ""Vesting Date""). Stock Units will vest provided that the participant  with certain exceptions  from the start of LTI 2022 for each participant up to and including the respective Vesting Date  is still employed within the Tobii group. Condition related to total shareholder return for participants in category 1 and 2 In addition to the requirement of the participant's continued employment in accordance with the above  the final number of Performance Shares for the participants in category 1 and 2  respectively  shall also be conditional on that the annual total shareholder return (""Total Shareholder Return"" or ""TSR"")  including increase in share price plus reinvestment of any dividends  on Tobii's ordinary share is not less than an increase of 5 per cent of the volume-weighted average share price during the 10 trading days immediately preceding the allotment of the participant' s respective Stock Units at the applicable Vesting Date (each  a ""Vesting Period""). In the event that the Total Shareholder Return for the company's ordinary share is less than the above described level during a Vesting Period  the Stock Units that are subject to vesting during such Vesting Period will not vest. Any such Stock Units will instead be eligible to vest at a later Vesting Date if the total shareholder return for the company's ordinary share during a later Vesting Period is not less than the above described level. If the Total Shareholder Return for the company's ordinary share is higher than the above described level during for example the first Vesting Period  but lower during for example the second and/or third Vesting Period  Stock Units will still vest if the Total Shareholder Return for the company's ordinary share during a later Vesting Period  or in total for the duration of LTI 2022  is not less than the above described level. Condition related to total shareholder return for Swedish participants in category 3 In addition to the requirement of the participant's continued employment in accordance with the above  the final number of Performance Shares for the Swedish participants in category 3  respectively  shall also be conditional on that the Total Shareholder Return on Tobii's ordinary share is positive through the applicable Vesting Period. The development of the share price is measured relative to the volume-weighted average share price during the 10 trading days immediately preceding the allotment of the participant' s respective Stock Units. In the event that the total shareholder return for the company's ordinary share is negative during a Vesting Period  the Stock Units that are subject to vesting during such Vesting Period will not vest. Any such Stock Units will instead be eligible to vest at a later Vesting Date if the total shareholder return for the company's ordinary share during a later Vesting Period is positive. The Stock Units The Stock Units shall  in addition to what is set out above  be governed by the following terms and conditions: The Stock Units are allotted free of charge no later than the day before the annual general meeting in Tobii 2023.The Stock Units may not be transferred or pledged.In order to align the interests of the participants and the shareholders'  the company will also compensate the participants for dividends paid by recalculating the number of Performance Shares that each unvested Stock Unit entitle to after the Vesting Period.Additional conditions apply for certain participants in accordance with the above. Allotment The participants are divided into three categories; the CEO (category 1)  other members of the executive management team and the extended management team (category 2) and other participants (category 3). The number of Stock Units a participant may be allocated is subject to which category such participant belongs. The allocation within each category is illustrated in the table below. Category Maximum number of participants Maximum number of Stock Units Maximum number of Stock Units per participant CEO (Category 1) 1 110 000 110 000 Other members of the executive management team and the extended management team (Category 2) 22 210 000 35 000 Other participants (Category 3) 157 515 000 35 000 In total  a maximum of 835 000 Stock Units may be allocated to the participants in LTI 2022. Preparation of the proposal  design and administration In accordance with guidelines provided by the Board of Directors  LTI 2022 has been prepared by the company's Compensation Committee  group management and external advisors and has been reviewed at the meeting of the Board of Directors held on 6 April 2022 . The Board of Directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed design and administration of LTI 2022  subject to the stipulated terms and guidelines  including provisions on recalculation in the event of changes in Tobii's capital structure such as a bonus issue  reverse share split  share split  rights issue and/or similar events. In connection therewith  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet specific foreign regulations or market conditions. If significant changes in the Tobii group or in its environment would result in a situation where the adopted terms and conditions for allocation and vesting of Stock Units pursuant to LTI 2022 no longer are appropriate  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make other adjustment including  among other changes  that adjustments may be decided with respect to the terms and conditions for measuring the Performance Conditions applicable to some participation categories as stated above. Prior to the Board of Directors' determination of the vesting and settlement in accordance with the terms and conditions for the Stock Units  the Board of Directors shall assess if the outcome of LTI 2022 is reasonable. This assessment is made in relation to the company's financial result and position  the conditions on the stock market and in general. If the Board of Directors  in its assessment  deems that the outcome is unreasonable  the Board of Directors shall decrease the number of ordinary shares allocated. Costs and effects on key ratios Assuming a share price of SEK 35 at the time of allocation and a maximum outcome for LTI 2022 and an average annual increase in the share price of 5 per cent  the cost  including estimated charges for social contributions  is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 28 million during the full four-year period. The cost corresponds to approximately 5.6 per cent of the payroll expense for the Tobii group 2021. The aggregated maximum cost for the company depends on the development in value of the Tobii share price. The market value of the Stock Units is calculated to be SEK 21.5 million . The market value has been determined by Novare Pay and is calculated according to a so-called Monte Carlo-simulation. LTI 2022 will be reported in accordance with IFRS 2  which means that the Stock Units will be expensed as personnel costs and accrued over the Vesting Period. Given the above assumptions regarding scope and costs  and that LTI 2022 was introduced in 2020 instead  it is estimated that the key figure earnings per share for the financial year 2021 would have decreased from SEK 31.36 to approximately SEK 31.29 . Dilution of existing shares and votes Upon maximum allotment of Performance Shares  up to 835 000 ordinary shares may be allocated to participants pursuant to LTI 2022  and 230 000 ordinary shares may be used to secure social contributions arising as a result of LTI 2022  which would entail a maximum dilution effect of approximately 1 per cent of the existing number of shares in the company. If all outstanding incentive programs in the company are included in the calculation  the maximum dilution amounts 5.6 per cent. Information about Tobii's current incentive programs is available in the annual report for the financial year 2021  note 8  and on the company's website  www.tobii.com. Delivery of Performance Shares and hedging arrangementsTo ensure the delivery of shares under LTI 2022  the Board of Directors proposes  as set out below  that the annual general meeting resolves to authorise the Board to resolve on a directed issue of class C shares to a participating bank and to authorise the Board of Directors to subsequently resolve to repurchase the class C shares from the participating bank. The issued class C shares will then be held by the company and thereafter the appropriate number of class C shares will be reclassified into ordinary shares and subsequently be delivered to the participants in LTI 2022  as well as Tobii's other outstanding equity-based incentive programs  as well as sold in the market in order to cover the cash-flow related to social contribution costs associated with LTI 2022  as well as Tobii's other outstanding equity-based incentive programs. For this purpose  the Board of Directors proposes  as set out below  that the annual general meeting resolves to transfer not more than 2 135 259 ordinary shares free of charge to participants in accordance with LTI 2022  as well as Tobii's other outstanding equity-based incentive programs  and that not more than 503 086 ordinary shares may be sold to ensure the company's undertakings  including social security costs in connection with delivery of shares to the participants in LTI 2022  as well as Tobii's other outstanding equity-based incentive programs. The reason for having the resolutions on transfer and sale of own common also comprise other outstanding equity-based incentive programs and the class C shares already issued and the class C shares which may be issued based on existing and proposed authorisations  amounting to no more than 2 638 345 class C shares  is to provide flexibility going forward. This could for example be needed should an increased number of shares be required under one or more incentive programs due to  for example  recalculations made following changes in Tobii's capital structure such as share split  rights issue and/or similar events. Authorisation to issue new class C sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors  during the period until the annual general meeting 2023  to increase the company's share capital by not more than SEK 7 728.6345 by the issue of not more than 1 065 000 class C shares  each with a quota value of approximately SEK 0.007257 . With disapplication of the shareholders' preferential rights  a participating bank shall be entitled to subscribe for the new class C shares at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the shares. The purpose of the authorisation and the reason for the disapplication of the shareholders' preferential rights in connection with the issue of shares is to ensure delivery of ordinary shares to participants and to cover cash payments  social contributions and/or other costs arising as a result of LTI 2022. Authorisation to resolve to repurchase own class C sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors  during the period until the annual general meeting 2023  to repurchase its own class C shares. The repurchase may only be effected through a public offer directed to all holders of class C shares and shall comprise all outstanding class C shares. The purchase may be effected at a purchase price corresponding to the quota value of the share. Payment for the class C shares shall be made in cash. The purpose of the repurchase is to ensure the delivery of ordinary shares under LTI 2022. Resolution on the transfer of own ordinary sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that class C shares that the company purchases by virtue of the authorisation to repurchase its own class C shares in accordance with what is set out under the heading Authorisation to resolve to repurchase own class C shares above  following reclassification into ordinary shares  may be transferred to participants in LTI 2022  as well as Tobii's other outstanding equity based incentive programs  or sold on Nasdaq Stockholm as set out under the heading Authorisation to resolve on the sale of own ordinary shares below. The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that a maximum of 2 135 259 ordinary share may be transferred to participants in accordance with the terms of LTI 2022  as well as Tobii's other outstanding equity-based incentive programs. Authorisation to resolve on the sale of own ordinary sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve  on one or more occasions  for the period up until the annual general meeting 2023  to sell ordinary shares on Nasdaq Stockholm. The number of ordinary shares to be sold may not exceed the number of ordinary shares that the company holds at the point in time of the Board of Directors' resolution. Sale of ordinary shares may only be in consideration of cash payment at a price within the share price interval registered at that time  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price. The purpose of the authorisation is to ensure the company's undertakings  including to cover cash payments  social contributions and/or other costs arising as a result of LTI 2022  as well as Tobii's other outstanding equity-based incentive programs  in connection with delivery of shares to the participants in the mentioned incentive programs. Proposal for resolution on transfer of own shares issued and repurchased under incentive program originally adopted in 2020 (item 16) The extraordinary general meeting held 25 October 2021 resolved to amend certain existing hedging arrangements related to Tobii's outstanding long-term incentive programs based on stock units originally adopted at the annual general meeting held 12 May 2020 as well as to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve to issue new class C shares to hedge the program in light of the recalculations made following the separation between Tobii and Tobii Dynavox AB . The incentive program originally adopted at the annual general meeting in 2020 and thereafter exchanged at the extraordinary general meeting held 25 October 2021 is hereafter referred to as ""LTI 2020"". The class C shares issued as hedge for LTI 2020 may under the current authorisation be used to deliver shares to participants and to cover social contributions and Tobii has identified it as beneficial to be able to use the issued class C shares to also cover the payment of any cash payments arising due to the restricted synthetic stock units outstanding under LTI 2020. The Board of Directors therefore proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that class C shares  that the company has acquired based on the authorisations to repurchase class C shares in accordance with the resolutions of the extraordinary general meeting held 25 October 2021 (including the resolutions referred to in such resolutions) to hedge LTI 2020 may  following the re-classification into ordinary shares  in addition to be transferred free of charge to participants of the LTI 2020 in accordance with the adopted terms and conditions for each program  respectively  and in order to secure possible social contributions as resolved at the extraordinary general meeting held 25 October 2021   also be transferred to secure cash payments arising as a result of LTI 2020. The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that not more than 437 254 ordinary shares shall be transferred on Nasdaq Stockholm  including through a financial intermediary  at a price within the registered price range at the relevant time  to cover any social contributions and cash payments arising as a result of LTI 2020 in accordance with the terms and conditions. The number of shares to be transferred is subject to re-calculation in the event of a bonus issue  reverse share split  share split  rights issue and/or similar measures. Proposal for resolution regarding guidelines for executive remuneration (item 17) The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to adopt the following guidelines for executive remuneration. The company's group management  including the CEO  fall within the provisions of these guidelines. To the extent a board member conducts work for the company  in addition to the board work  consulting fees and other compensation for such work may be paid. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the annual general meeting 2022. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting. The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability Tobii's mission is to improve the world with technology that understands human attention and intent. For more information regarding the company's business strategy  please see www.tobii.com. A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end  it is necessary that the company offers competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable the company to offer the executive management a competitive total remuneration. Long-term share-related incentive plans have been implemented in the company. Such plans have been resolved by the general meeting and are therefore excluded from these guidelines. The long-term sharerelated incentive plan proposed by the Board of Directors and submitted to the annual general meeting 2022 for approval is excluded for the same reason. The incentive plans include  among others  the CEO and group management in the company. The outcome of the plans are directly linked to the company's share price development and thereby to the company's long-term value creation. For more information regarding these incentive plans  please see www.tobii.com. Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability. Types of remuneration  etcThe remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Additionally  the general meeting may - irrespective of these guidelines - resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration. The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one or several years. The variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than 100 per cent of the total fixed cash salary under the measurement period for such criteria. Further variable cash remuneration may be awarded in extraordinary circumstances  provided that such extraordinary arrangements are limited in time and only made on an individual basis  either for the purpose of recruiting or retaining executives  or as remuneration for extraordinary performance beyond the individual's ordinary tasks. Such remuneration may not exceed an amount corresponding to 50 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary and may not be paid more than once each year per individual. Any resolution on such remuneration shall be made by the Board of Directors based on a proposal from the Compensation Committee. Pension benefits  including health insurance (Sw: sjukförsäkring)  shall be premium defined. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. Other benefits may include  for example  life insurance  medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring) and company cars. Such benefits may amount to not more than 10 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  pension benefits and other benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines. Executives who are expatriates to or from Sweden may receive additional remuneration and other benefits to the extent reasonable in light of the special circumstances associated with the expat arrangement  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines. Such benefits may not in total exceed 50 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. Termination of employment The notice period may not exceed six months if notice of termination of employment is made by the company. Fixed cash salary during the period of notice and severance pay may together not exceed an amount equivalent to the fixed cash salary for one year. The period of notice may not to exceed six months without any right to severance pay when termination is made by the executive. Additionally  remuneration may be paid for non-compete undertakings. Such remuneration shall compensate for loss of income and shall only be paid in so far as the previously employed executive is not entitled to severance pay. The remuneration shall be based on the fixed cash salary at the time of termination of employment  unless otherwise provided by mandatory collective agreement provisions and be paid during the time the non-compete undertaking applies  however not for more than 24 months following termination of employment. Criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration  etc. The variable cash remuneration shall be linked to predetermined and measurable criteria which can be financial or non-financial. They may also be individualized  quantitative or qualitative objectives. The criteria shall be designed so as to contribute to the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promote the executive's long-term development. The objectives for the CEO are determined annually by the Board of Directors' Compensation Committee with the intention to align the objectives with the company's business strategy and performance targets. The objectives for the other members of the group management who fall within the provisions of these guidelines are determined annually by the CEO  in accordance with these guidelines and based on more detailed frameworks as established by the Board of Directors' Compensation Committee. To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be determined when the measurement period has ended. The Compensation Committee is responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable remuneration to the CEO. For variable cash remuneration to other executives  the CEO is responsible for the evaluation. Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the Compensation Committee's and the Board of Directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable. The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board of Directors has established a Compensation Committee. The committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' decision to propose guidelines for executive remuneration. The Board of Directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The Compensation Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company. The members of the Compensation Committee are independent of the company and its executive management. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the Board of Directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters. Derogation from the guidelines The Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As set out above  the Compensation Committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines. Description of material changes to the guidelines and how the views of shareholders' have been taken into considerationThe Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors has resolved to propose adjustments to the company's remuneration guidelines  entailing that the introductory section regarding the guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability is adjusted to reflect the distribution of the previous subsidiary Tobii Dynavox with the related business. During 2021  neither the Compensation Committee nor the Board of Directors received any comments or questions from the shareholders on the remuneration guidelines adopted at the annual general meeting 2021. Majority requirement A resolution in accordance with item 14 require approval of at least two thirds (2/3) of the shares represented and votes cast at the general meeting. A resolution in accordance with item 15 and 16 above require approval of at least nine-tenths (9/10) of the shares represented and votes cast at the general meeting. Authorisation The Board of directors  or the person that the Board of Directors appoints  shall be authorised to make the minor adjustments in the annual general meeting's resolutions as may be required in connection with registration at the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden . Other The annual report  the auditor's report  the remuneration report and the auditor's statement whether the Board of Directors' guidelines for remuneration to executive management have been applied will not later than on 4 May 2022 be held available at Tobii AB (publ)  with registered office in Danderyds kommun  address Karlsrovägen 2D  182 53 Danderyd  Sweden   and on the company's website  www.tobii.com  and will be sent to the shareholders who so request and inform the company of their postal address. The Nomination Committee's full proposal and motivated statement is available on the above mentioned address and website. Tobii's corporate registration number is 556613-9654. Processing of personal data For information on how your personal data is processed  please see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear's webpage www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. Danderyd  April 2022 Tobii AB (publ) The Board of Directors Contact Henrik Mawby   Head of Investor Relations  Tobii Group   phone: +46 (0)72 219 82 15  email: henrik.mawby@tobii.com About Tobii Tobii is the global leader in eye tracking and pioneer of attention computing. We are on a mission to improve the world with technology that understands human attention and intent. Creating tech for a better future  our technologies and solutions apply to areas such as behavioral studies and research  healthcare  education and training  gaming  extended reality (VR  AR & MR)  automotive  and many more. Tobii's eye tracking is used by thousands of enterprises  universities  and research institutes around the globe. Headquartered in Sweden   Tobii is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm (TOBII). For more information: www.tobii.com. https://news.cision.com/tobii-ab/r/notice-of-the-2022-annual-general-meeting-of-tobii c3548025 https://mb.cision.com/Main/2874/3548025/1565452.pdf (c) 2022 Cision. All rights reserved.  source Press Releases - English Stocks mentioned in the article Change Last 1st jan. TOBII AB (PUBL) -1.07% 29.72 -18.19% TOBII DYNAVOX AB (PUBL) -2.92% 25.45 -18.61% All news about TOBII AB (PUBL) 06:01a Notice of the 2022 Annual General Meeting of Tobii AQ 04/01 Tobii Dynavox Purchases Irish Reselling Partner Safe Care Technologies MT 04/01 New number of shares and votes in Tobii AQ 03/30 TOBII : Advanced validation of driver monitoring systems — meet us at IMS Tech 2022 PU 03/24 Tobii AB Announces Integration of Tobii Aware Software Into New MSI Summit and Prestige.. CI 03/24 Tobii Aware enhances privacy  security and wellbeing in the new commercial line of MSI .. AQ 03/18 The Nomination Committee in Tobii proposes Per Norman as new Chairman of the Board and .. AQ 03/18 Current Chairman Kent Sander and Board Member Nils Bernhard of Tobii AB Declines Re-Ele.. CI 03/17 TOBII : A gaze expression experiment with MetaHuman – enabling more expressive photo.. PU 03/16 Swedish Tech Firm Tobii to Develop Avatars for Metaverse with Partners MT",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,negative,0.03,0.19,0.77,True,English,"['2022 Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Tobii', 'Karlsrovägen 2D', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Jörgen Lantto', 'Jan Wäre', '2022 Annual General Meeting', 'multiple email addresses', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'second banking day', '814,000 Class C shares', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'voting right registration', 'advance voting form', 'general meetings', 'annual report', 'Such registration', 'postal voting', 'voting rights', 'voting list', 'temporary legislation', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'Sw. aktiebolagslagen', 'same period', 'two persons', 'Heli Arantola', 'Mats Backman', 'Henrik Eskilsson', 'Charlotta Falvin', 'Per Norman', 'right registrations', 'special form', 'share register', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'advance vote', 'Tobii AB', 'Chapter 7 Section', '105,659,603 ordinary shares', ""auditors' report"", 'First name', 'Tuesday 24 May', ""shareholders' register"", 'total number', '106,473,603 shares', '25 May', '17 May', '15 May', '20 May', 'Notice', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'summons', 'Wednesday', 'procedure', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'result', 'Notification', 'participation', 'circumstances', 'intention', 'accordance', 'heading', 'addition', 'nominee', 'time', 'account', 'execution', 'website', 'generalmeeting', 'publ', 'att.', 'AGM', 'Box', 'Danderyd', 'proxy', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'request', 'writing', 'company', 'votes', 'agenda', 'Election', 'chairman', 'one', 'minutes', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'Submission', 'group', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'profits', 'losses', 'discharge', 'members', 'Board', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'liability', 'fees']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,marketscreener.com
3113,Euroclear,Bing API,https://interfax.com/newsroom/top-stories/78367/,NSD fully open to dialogue with Euroclear  Clearstream  no blocks on its part - MOEX,Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) is fully open for dialogue with Euroclear and Clearstream  and there are no impediments on its part  Kirill Pestov  head of business development at the Moscow Exchange  ,"NSD fully open to dialogue with Euroclear  Clearstream  no blocks on its part - MOEXMOSCOW. April 19 (Interfax) - Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) is fully open for dialogue with Euroclear and Clearstream  and there are no impediments on its part  Kirill Pestov  head of business development at the Moscow Exchange   said at the Finfin 2022 conference.""The ball is fully in Euroclear and Clearstream's court  the NSD is fully open to dialogue  Western colleagues are ignoring us  and we can't say when movement will come from that side. We're blocked from that side; from the side of the NSD  there are no blocks to Euroclear and Clearstream  and we're ready to cooperate "" Pestov said.International securities depository Clearstream notified the NSD at the end of March that it had blocked its account.Another leading international depository  Euroclear  restricted operations on the NSD's account on March 18.""According to received information  transactions on the NSD account have been restricted by Euroclear in order to implement regulation (EU) 899/2014 regarding restrictive measures in connection with Russia's actions that are destabilizing the situation in Ukraine  with amendments and updates made by council regulation (EU) 2022/328 dated February 25  2022 "" the NSD said.Euroclear has since not executed any instructions to carry out transactions with securities and money  including instructions to participate in corporate actions on foreign securities.The NSD also imposed restrictions on transactions on the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream at the beginning of March. ""The NSD has not blocked the accounts of European clearing houses Euroclear and Clearstream. According to the instructions of the Bank of Russia  the NSD has restricted payment abilities on securities of Russian issuers for foreign individuals and legal entities and the transfer of rights to such securities "" it said.""Clearstream Banking informs customers that the National Settlement Depository (NSD)  acting pursuant to Prescription No. 018-34-3/1202 issued by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation on 28 February 2022  has blocked all securities held on Clearstream Banking's FNH Account until further notice "" Clearstream Banking said on March 1.In accordance with the instructions of the Central Bank  the NSD is obligated to freeze payments on securities of Russian issuers for foreign individuals and legal entities  Clearstream said.""NSD has confirmed that: all assets held in our account with NSD are frozen "" Euroclear said at the time.Euroclear has disabled its ruble account with ING Bank in connection with the current situation. ""Therefore  clients are no longer allowed to transfer any rubles to ING Bank "" Euroclear said.Eurclear's ruble account with VTB was closed still earlier  and the ruble bridge between Clearstream and Euroclear has been closed.",neutral,0.21,0.74,0.05,negative,0.01,0.2,0.79,True,English,"['NSD', 'dialogue', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'blocks', 'part', 'MOEX', 'National Settlement Depository', 'leading international depository', 'European clearing houses', 'International securities depository', 'business development', 'Finfin 2022 conference', 'Western colleagues', 'restrictive measures', 'payment abilities', 'Russian issuers', 'foreign individuals', 'legal entities', 'Prescription No.', 'Russian Federation', 'ruble bridge', 'Central Bank', 'ING Bank', 'FNH Account', 'ruble account', 'Kirill Pestov', 'Moscow Exchange', 'council regulation', 'corporate actions', 'current situation', 'foreign securities', 'Clearstream Banking', 'The NSD', 'NSD account', 'dialogue', 'Euroclear', 'blocks', 'part', 'MOEX', 'April', 'Interfax', 'impediments', 'head', 'ball', 'court', 'movement', 'side', 'end', 'March', 'operations', 'information', 'transactions', 'order', 'connection', 'Ukraine', 'updates', 'instructions', 'money', 'restrictions', 'accounts', 'beginning', 'transfer', 'rights', 'customers', '28 February', 'notice', 'accordance', 'payments', 'assets', 'time', 'clients', 'rubles', 'Eurclear', 'VTB']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,interfax.com
3114,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.avanza.se/placera/pressmeddelanden/2022/04/19/frisq-holding-frisq-announces-the-outcome-of-the-rights-issue.html,FRISQ announces the outcome of the rights issue (MFN),Those who on the record date on 24 March 2022 was entered in the share registered maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB was entitled to  during the subscription period 29 March – 12 April 2022  with preferential right subscribe for new shares in the Rights ...,"The Rights Issue in briefOn 17 March 2022 the board of directors of FRISQ  based on an authorization by an extraordinary general meeting  resolved to carry out a rights issue of no more than 11 988 693 shares at a subscription price of SEK 1.00 per share with preferential rights for the Company’s existing shareholders. The Rights Issue could provide the Company with proceeds amounting to approximately SEK 12 million before deduction of costs related to the Rights Issue.Those who on the record date on 24 March 2022 was entered in the share registered maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB was entitled to  during the subscription period 29 March – 12 April 2022  with preferential right subscribe for new shares in the Rights Issue in relation to previous holdings. One (1) existing share held on the record date entitled to one (1) subscription right. Four (4) subscription rights entitled the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share. The last day for trading in the Company’s shares on Nasdaq First North Growth Market with right to participate in the Rights Issue was 22 March 2022. The first day of trading in the Company’s shares on Nasdaq First North Growth Market without right to participate in the Rights Issue was 23 March 2022.In addition  the board of directors had provided an oversubscription option to oversubscribe the offering which enabled the board to issue a further maximum of 1 831 155 shares corresponding to approximately SEK 1.8 million.The outcome of the Rights IssueThe outcome shows that in total 2 236 015 shares  corresponding to approximately 18.65 per cent of the Rights Issue were subscribed. 1 634 038 shares  corresponding to approximately 13.63 percent of the Rights Issue  were subscribed using subscription rights. 601 977 shares  corresponding to approximately 5.02 percent of the Rights Issue  have been allotted to those who have subscribed for shares without support of subscription rights.The Rights Issue will provide the Company with proceeds amounting to approximately SEK 2.2 million before deduction of costs related to the Rights Issue.Since the Rights Issue was not oversubscribed the oversubscription option was not utilized.Comment from the Chairman""The purpose of the rights issue was both to strengthen the Company's financial position and to give all shareholders the opportunity to subscribe for shares at one (1) SEK per share in FRISQ  ie on the same terms as in the directed issue conducted in March 2022 "" says Mats Lindstrand   Chairman of the Board of FRISQ Holding AB. ""The Board sees the capital provided as an important piece of the puzzle in the continued work to evaluate and ensure the most attractive strategic alternatives for the company and the shareholders going forward "" he continues.AllotmentInformation on allotment of shares subscribed without preferential rights is given through a contact note. Payment shall be made in accordance with the terms stated in the contract note.Number of shares  votes and share capitalAs previously announced on 8 March 2022  FRISQ has carried out a new issue of 18 150 000 shares without preferential rights. The subscription price was SEK one (1.00). The shares in this new issue did not carry right to participate in the Right Issue with preferential right. SEK 1.5 million was paid with set off regarding costs for the new issue and the Rights Issue. Following the registration of this new issue FRISQ’s share capital will amount to SEK 3 305 238 65 divided into 66 104 773 shares. Each share carries one vote. The quota value of the share is SEK 0.05.Through the Rights Issue  the Company’s share capital will increase by an additional SEK 111 800 75 SEK to a total of SEK 3 417 039 40 SEK through the issuance of 2 236 015 shares and the number of shares and votes will increase from 66 104 773 to a total of 68 340 788.Delivery of sharesAfter the Rights Issue has been registered with the Companies Registration Office  which is expected to take place in the beginning of May 2022  BTA will be converted to shares without any particular notification from Euroclear Sweden  after which the new shares will be admitted to trading on Nasdaq First North Growth Market. Shareholders whose holdings are registered with nominees will be informed in accordance with the respective nominees’ routines.Responsible partiesThe information in this press release has been published through the agency of the below contact person at the time stated by Frisq Holding AB’s (publ) news distributor Cision at publication of this press release. The below person can also be contacted for further information.Important informationThe release  announcement or distribution of this press release may  in certain jurisdictions  be subject to restrictions. The recipients of this press release in jurisdictions where this press release has been published or distributed shall inform themselves of and follow such restrictions. The recipient of this press release is responsible for using this press release  and the information contained herein  in accordance with applicable rules in each jurisdiction. This press release does not constitute an offer  or a solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities in FRISQ in any jurisdiction  neither from FRISQ nor from someone else.This announcement is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation“) and has not been approved by any regulatory authority in any jurisdiction. A prospectus  corresponding to an EU Growth Prospectus regarding the Rights Issue has been prepared by the Company and published on the Company’s web page. The prospectus has been scrutinized and approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority. The Financial Supervisory Authority approves the Prospectus only to the extent that it meets the requirements for completeness  comprehensibility and consistency set out in the Prospectus Regulation. The approval should not be considered as any kind of support for FRISQ or support the quality of the securities referred to in the Prospectus and does not mean that the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority guarantees that the information in the Prospectus is correct or complete. Each investor is asked to make his or her own assessment of whether it is appropriate to invest in the Rights Issue.This press release does not constitute or form part of an offer or solicitation to purchase or subscribe for securities in the United States. The securities referred to herein may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act“)  and may not be offered or sold within the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There is no intention to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the securities in the United States. The information in this press release may not be announced  published  copied  reproduced or distributed  directly or indirectly  in whole or in part  within or into Australia  Hong Kong  Japan  Canada  New Zealand  Singapore  South Africa  the United States or in any other jurisdiction where such announcement  publication or distribution of the information would not comply with applicable laws and regulations or where such actions are subject to legal restrictions or would require additional registration or other measures than what is required under Swedish law. Actions taken in violation of this instruction may constitute a crime against applicable securities laws and regulations.In the United Kingdom  this document and any other materials in relation to the securities described herein is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  and any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to  and will be engaged in only with  “qualified investors” who are (i) persons having professional experience in matters relating to investments who fall within the definition of “investment professionals” in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order“); or (ii) high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). In the United Kingdom  any investment or investment activity to which this communication relates is available only to  and will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Persons who are not relevant persons should not take any action on the basis of this press release and should not act or rely on it.Forward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements that reflect the Company’s intentions  beliefs  or current expectations about and targets for the Company’s and the Group’s future results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  anticipated growth  strategies and opportunities and the markets in which the Company and the Group operates. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by words such as “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “intend”  “may”  “plan”  “estimate”  “will”  “should”  “could”  “aim” or “might”  or  in each case  their negative  or similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable  it can give no assurances that they will materialise or prove to be correct. Because these statements are based on assumptions or estimates and are subject to risks and uncertainties  the actual results or outcome could differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. Such risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors could cause actual events to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in this release by such forward-looking statements. The Company does not guarantee that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements in this press release are free from errors and readers of this press release should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements in this press release. The information  opinions and forward-looking statements that are expressly or implicitly contained herein speak only as of its date and are subject to change without notice. Neither the Company nor anyone else undertake to review  update  confirm or to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that arise in relation to the content of this press release  unless it is not required by law or Nasdaq First North Growth Market rule book for issuers.Information to distributorsSolely for the purposes of the product governance requirements contained within: (a) EU Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments  as amended (“MiFID II“); (b) Articles 9 and 10 of Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 supplementing MiFID II; and (c) local implementing measures (together  the “MiFID II Product Governance Requirements“)  and disclaiming all and any liability  whether arising in tort  contract or otherwise  which any “manufacturer” (for the purposes of the MiFID II Product Governance Requirements) may otherwise have with respect thereto  the shares in FRISQ have been subject to a product approval process  which has determined that such shares are: (i) compatible with an end target market of retail investors and investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties  each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) eligible for distribution through all distribution channels as are permitted by MiFID II (the “Target Market Assessment“). Notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment  Distributors should note that: the price of the shares in FRISQ may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment; the shares in FRISQ offer no guaranteed income and no capital protection; and an investment in the shares in FRISQ is compatible only with investors who do not need a guaranteed income or capital protection  who (either alone or in conjunction with an appropriate financial or other adviser) are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such an investment and who have sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses that may result therefrom. The Target Market Assessment is without prejudice to the requirements of any contractual  legal or regulatory selling restrictions in relation to the Rights Issue.For the avoidance of doubt  the Target Market Assessment does not constitute: (a) an assessment of suitability or appropriateness for the purposes of MiFID II; or (b) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in  or purchase  or take any other action whatsoever with respect to the shares in FRISQ.Each distributor is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the shares in FRISQ and determining appropriate distribution channels.",neutral,0.04,0.73,0.22,mixed,0.17,0.21,0.62,True,English,"['rights issue', 'FRISQ', 'outcome', 'MFN', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'attractive strategic alternatives', 'publ) news distributor', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Companies Registration Office', 'respective nominees’ routines', 'FRISQ Holding AB', 'Four (4) subscription rights', 'The Rights Issue', 'One (1) existing share', 'first day', 'one (1) new share', 'one (1) subscription', 'one vote', 'new issue', 'preferential rights', 'subscription price', 'subscription period', 'record date', 'last day', 'oversubscription option', '18.65 per cent', 'financial position', 'Mats Lindstrand', 'important piece', 'contact note', 'contract note', 'quota value', 'particular notification', 'Responsible parties', 'applicable rules', 'press release', 'existing shareholders', 'Right Issue', 'one (1) SEK', 'previous holdings', 'same terms', 'contact person', 'share capital', 'new shares', 'Important information', 'additional SEK', '800,75 SEK', '417,039,40 SEK', '11,988,693 shares', '1,831,155 shares', '2,236,015 shares', '1,634,038 shares', '601,977 shares', '18,150,000 shares', '66,104,773 shares', 'brief', '17 March', 'board', 'directors', 'authorization', 'Company', 'proceeds', 'deduction', 'costs', '24 March', '12 April', 'relation', 'trading', 'offering', 'maximum', 'outcome', 'total', '13.63 percent', '5.02 percent', 'support', 'Comment', 'Chairman', 'purpose', 'opportunity', 'puzzle', 'work', 'Allotment', 'Payment', 'accordance', 'Number', 'votes', '8 March', 'issuance', 'Delivery', 'place', 'beginning', 'May', 'BTA', 'agency', 'time', 'Cision', 'publication', 'announcement', 'distribution', 'jurisdictions', 'restrictions', 'recipients']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,avanza.se
3115,Euroclear,Bing API,https://au.news.yahoo.com/russian-linked-bank-plots-path-150827043.html,Russian-Linked Bank Plots Path Through Bond Chaos With Buyback,Bond-market turmoil that followed the invasion of Ukraine is prompting a lender with Russian exposure to buy back its own battered debt early to save on funding costs. Most Read from BloombergIn Defense of Elon Musk's Managerial ExcellenceU.,(Bloomberg) -- Bond-market turmoil that followed the invasion of Ukraine is prompting a lender with Russian exposure to buy back its own battered debt early to save on funding costs.Most Read from BloombergEurasian Development Bank  which is based in Almaty  Kazakhstan  and attributes two-thirds of its capital to Russian sources  is the first company to openly take advantage of the discount on its bonds  which have slumped into distressed territory.Issuers are being forced to get inventive servicing their debts as they contend either directly with international sanctions on Russia  or the resulting loss of business. One idea raised would move payment processes onshore  enabling firms to avoid the restrictions that have blocked bond payments.EDB proposes buying back at least $200 million of the debt at a maximum of 80% face value  according to a filing on Tuesday. That would wind up saving it at least $44 million  including interest accrued until Sept. 20  when the $500 million note matures  Bloomberg calculations show.KNG Securities was offering to buy EDB’s 2022 notes at 48 cents on the dollar and selling them at 68 cents on Tuesday  underscoring the price impact of the Kazakh lender’s dependence on Russia. Mizuho was indicating buy-sell offers for 60-90 cents on the dollar  according to data compiled by Bloomberg.For bondholders  it gives a route to cashing out early  albeit at a potential loss. But it has the advantage of avoiding potential complications that could scupper payment on the maturity date altogether.Sanctions imposed on Russia as punishment for the invasion have made for a rocky path to payment.Foreign bondholders of companies including Severstal PJSC and Russian Railways are still waiting to receive money that was held up by international lenders wary of violating sanctions.Story continuesRead More: Citi’s Caution Threatens to Send More Russian Debt Into DefaultRussian investors have fared little better. The world’s biggest settlement systems -- Euroclear and Clearstream -- have blocked accounts with the local Russian depository  leaving payments in limbo.Now the regulators are stepping in.A Russian government subcommittee for foreign investment control recommended issuers make payments separately to foreign and Russian holders. The Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs -- Russia’s big-business lobby-- proposed bringing the role of paying agent and register for the bonds onshore  warning of a potential wave of cross-defaults and foreign asset freezes.It’s far from clear if the proposals will be adopted  and companies are looking for alternatives in the meantime.Russian oil services company Borets is trying to win investor approval to delay the maturity of its notes by a year. With an April 22 deadline approaching  bondholders with over 80% of the debt have backed the proposal  according to an email seen by Bloomberg. The company is offering investors a 0.35% premium to get over the 90% threshold required.Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek©2022 Bloomberg L.P.,negative,0.02,0.29,0.7,mixed,0.06,0.15,0.79,True,English,"['Russian-Linked Bank Plots', 'Bond Chaos', 'Buyback', 'Russian oil services company', 'Eurasian Development Bank', 'biggest settlement systems', 'local Russian depository', 'Russian government subcommittee', 'foreign investment control', 'foreign asset freezes', '2022 Bloomberg L.P.', 'More Russian Debt', 'Russian exposure', 'Russian sources', 'Russian Railways', 'Russian holders', 'first company', 'Russian investors', 'Bond-market turmoil', 'funding costs', 'resulting loss', 'One idea', '80% face value', '$500 million note', 'KNG Securities', 'price impact', 'buy-sell offers', 'potential loss', 'potential complications', 'rocky path', 'Severstal PJSC', 'international lenders', 'The Union', 'big-business lobby', 'paying agent', 'potential wave', 'investor approval', 'April 22 deadline', 'Foreign bondholders', 'Bloomberg calculations', 'Bloomberg Businessweek', 'Kazakh lender', 'maturity date', 'international sanctions', 'payment processes', 'bond payments', '60-90 cents', '48 cents', '68 cents', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'Almaty', 'Kazakhstan', 'two-thirds', 'capital', 'advantage', 'discount', 'bonds', 'distressed', 'territory', 'Issuers', 'debts', 'firms', 'restrictions', 'EDB', 'maximum', 'filing', 'Tuesday', 'interest', 'Sept.', '2022 notes', 'dollar', 'dependence', 'Mizuho', 'data', 'route', 'punishment', 'companies', 'money', 'Story', 'Citi', 'Caution', 'Default', 'world', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'accounts', 'limbo', 'regulators', 'Industrialists', 'Entrepreneurs', 'role', 'proposals', 'alternatives', 'meantime', 'Borets', 'year', 'email', '0.35% premium', '90% threshold']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,au.news.yahoo.com
3116,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/notice-to-annual-general-meeting-in-catella-ab-1650357000,Notice to annual general meeting in Catella AB,The annual general meeting in Catella AB  reg. no. 556079-1419  (the “Company” or “Catella”) will be held on Tuesday 24 May 2022. The board of directors in the Company has resolved that the annual general meeting shall be held without the physical presence of shareholders ,The annual general meeting in Catella AB  reg. no. 556079-1419  (the “Company” or “Catella”) will be held on Tuesday 24 May 2022.The board of directors in the Company has resolved that the annual general meeting shall be held without the physical presence of shareholders  representatives and external parties and that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights only by post ahead of the annual general meeting. There will be no opportunity to physically attend the annual general meeting personally or by way of proxy.Right to participate in the annual general meetingShareholders who wish to participate in the annual general meeting by postal voting shall:be recorded in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Monday 16 May 2022; andgive notice to attend by submitting their postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Postal voting below no later than Monday 23 May 2022 so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.A shareholder whose shares are nominee registered must  in addition to giving notice by submitting their postal vote  have their shares registered in their own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the presentation of the share register for the annual general meeting to be entitled to participate in the annual general meeting. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) (Sw. rösträttsregistrering) and is requested at the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s procedures and in such time in advance as determined by the nominee. Voting right registrations submitted by the nominee no later than on Wednesday 18 May 2022 (four banking days before the annual general meeting) will be taken into account when preparing the share register for the annual general meeting.Postal votingThe board of directors has resolved that the shareholders may exercise their voting rights only by way of postal voting in advance in accordance with Section 22 in the Temporary Exemptions Act (Sw. lag (2022:121) om tillfälliga undantag för att underlätta genomförandet av bolags- och föreningsstämmor). A certain form shall be used for postal voting. Postal voting forms are available at the Company’s website  https://www.catella.com/en/investor-relations/corporate-governance/general-meetings. The postal voting form may be obtained at the Company and may also be ordered by contacting Euroclear Sweden AB via the contact information set out below.The completed and signed postal voting form can be submitted by post to Catella AB  “Annual General Meeting 2022”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. The completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB (who administers the forms on behalf of the Company) no later than by Monday 23 May 2022. Shareholders  both natural persons and legal entities  may also cast their postal votes electronically via BankID verification as per instructions available on Euroclear Sweden AB’s website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy. Such electronic postal votes shall be submitted no later than by Monday 23 May 2022.If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of registration or other authorization document shall be attached to the postal vote. If the shareholder is voting though a proxy  a power of attorney shall be attached to the postal vote  see further under the heading Power of attorney below. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the postal voting form. If so  the postal vote in its entirety is invalid. Further instructions and terms are available in the postal voting form and on Euroclear Sweden AB’s website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy.Power of attorneyIf the shareholder is voting though a proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder shall be attached to the postal voting form. Proxy forms are available on the Company’s website  https://www.catella.com/en/investor-relations/corporate-governance/general-meetings. Proxy forms may also be obtained at the Company or by contacting Euroclear Sweden AB via the contact information set out under the heading Postal voting above.Shareholders’ right to receive informationThe board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors deems that it can be done without material harm to the Company  provide information regarding circumstances that (i) may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  (ii) may affect the assessment of the Company’s or its subsidiaries’ financial situation or (iii) concerns the Company’s relation to another company within the group. A request for such information shall be made in writing to the Company no later than by Saturday 14 May 2022 by post to Catella AB  “Annual General Meeting 2022”  Head of Group Legal  P.O. Box 5894  SE-102 40 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to bolagstamma@catella.se. The information will be made available on the Company’s website  https://www.catella.com/en/investor-relations/corporate-governance/general-meetings  no later than by Thursday 19 May 2022. The information will also be made available at the Company’s headquarters at Birger Jarlsgatan 6  SE-114 34 Stockholm  Sweden. The information will also be sent to the requesting shareholder who has stated their postal or e-mail address.Proposed agendaElection of chairman of the general meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Election of two persons to check and verify the minutes jointly with the chairman Determination of whether the general meeting has been duly convened Presentation of the annual accounts and the auditor’s report as well as the consolidated annual accounts and the auditor’s report for the Group Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet  as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet Resolution regarding dispositions of the company’s profit or loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheet Resolution regarding discharge from liability of the board members and the CEO Presentation of the remuneration report 2021 for approval Determination of the number of board members  auditors and any deputy auditors Determination of the remuneration to the board members and the auditor Election of board members  chairman of the board  auditor and any deputy auditors Resolution regarding instruction for the nomination committee Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to senior executives Resolution regarding amendments to the articles of association Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve on issue of shares Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve on repurchase and transfer of own sharesProposed resolutionsProposals for resolutions under items 1 and 11-14 has been prepared by the nomination committee comprising Eje Wictorson (chairman of the nomination committee)  appointed by CA Plusinvest AB  Erik Eikeland  appointed by Alcur Fonder AB  and Mia Arnhult  appointed by M2 Asset Management AB.Proposals under items 2  4  8  10 and 15-18 has been prepared by the board of directors of the Company.Item 1. Election of chairman of the general meetingThe nomination committee proposes that Johan Claesson or  if he is unable to attend  the person appointed in his place by the nomination committee  is elected chairman of the annual general meeting.Item 2. Preparation and approval of the voting listThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting approves the voting list that has been prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the Company  based on the share register for the annual general meeting and received postal votes  controlled by the persons elected to check and verify the minutes  to serve as the voting list of the annual general meeting.Item 4. Election of two persons to check and verify the minutes jointly with the chairmanThe board of directors proposes that Thomas Anderson Borstam  in his own name  and Petter Mattsson  representing Alcur Fonder  or  if one or both of them are unable to attend  the person or persons appointed by the board of directors instead  as persons to check and verity the minutes jointly with the chairman. The assignment of the minute checkers also includes to control the voting list and that the received postal votes are accurately reflected in the minutes.Item 8. Resolution regarding dispositions of the company’s profit or loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on a dividend to the shareholders of SEK 1.00 per share for the financial year 2021 and that the remaining profit is carried forward. Based on the total number of shares in the Company as per the date of this notice  the proposed dividend amounts to a total of SEK 88 348 572.00.The board of directors proposes Friday 27 May 2022 as record day for the dividend. If the annual general meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  the dividend is expected to be paid by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday 1 June 2022.Item 10. Presentation of the remuneration report 2021 for approvalThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve the board of directors’ remuneration report for 2021 in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)).Item 11. Determination of the number of board members  auditors and any deputy auditorsThe remuneration committee proposes that the board of directors shall comprise six (6) members with no deputy board members and that the Company shall have one (1) auditor and no deputy auditor.Item 12. Determination of the remuneration to the board members and the auditorThe remuneration committee proposes the following remuneration for work in the board of directors for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting (previous year’s remuneration indicated in parentheses):SEK 600 000 to the chairman of the board (SEK 570 000);SEK 370 000 to each of the other board members (SEK 350 000); andfor work in the committees  SEK 135 000 to the chairman of the board’s audit committee (SEK 130 000) and SEK 105 000 to each of the other two members (SEK 100 000) as well as SEK 42 000 to the chairman of the board’s remuneration committee (SEK 40 000) and SEK 32 000 to the other member (SEK 30 000).If the annual general meeting resolves in accordance with the nomination committee’s proposals regarding board composition and remuneration to the board  including remuneration for work in committees  under items 11 and 12  the total remuneration to the board of directors will amount to SEK 2 869 000 (SEK 2 720 000).Further  the nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Item 13. Election of board members  chairman of the board  auditor and any deputy auditorsThe nomination committee proposes re-election of all board members  i.e. Johan Claesson  Johan Damne  Joachim Gahm  Jan Roxendal  Tobias Alsborger and Anneli Jansson  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting.The nomination committee proposes re-election of Johan Claesson as chairman of the board.In accordance with the recommendation from the audit committee  the nomination committee proposes re-election of the registered accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (PwC) as auditor for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. PwC has informed the Company that the authorized public accountant Patrik Adolfson will be appointed as the auditor-in-charge if PwC is elected as auditor.Item 14. Resolution regarding instruction for the nomination committeeThe nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to adopt instructions for the nomination committee in Catella as follows.Instruction for the nomination committee in Catella ABThis instruction shall be in force until the general meeting resolves to adopt another instruction for the nomination committee.How the nomination committee is appointedThe nomination committee in Catella shall consist of three members. In September every year  the chairman of the board shall contact the three largest shareholders  measured by voting rights  assessed on the basis of information from Euroclear Sweden AB and other reliable shareholder information as of the last trading day in August the same year  each of whom shall appoint a representative to form a nomination committee for the time until a new nomination committee has been appointed. If any of the three largest shareholders  measured by voting rights  declines to appoint a member  the next largest shareholder shall be asked. This procedure shall continue until the nomination committee is complete  however  not more than five more shareholders are required to be contacted unless the chairman of the board finds specific reasons for doing so. Each member of the nomination committee is to consider carefully whether there is any conflict of interest or other circumstance that makes its membership of the nomination committee inappropriate before accepting the assignment. The nomination committee is appointed for a term of office from the time when its composition is announced until the next nomination committee is formed. The names of the persons to be included in the nomination committee shall be published on the Company’s website well in advance and no later than six months before the annual general meeting.The majority of the members of the nomination committee are to be independent of the Company and its executive management. Neither the CEO nor other members of the executive management are to be members of the nomination committee. At least one member of the nomination committee is to be independent of the Company’s largest shareholder in terms of votes or any group of shareholders who act in concert in the governance of the Company. Board members may be members of the nomination committee but must not constitute a majority of the nomination committee’s members. If more than one board member is a member of the nomination committee  no more than one of them may be dependent in relation to the Company's major shareholders.Changes in the composition of the nomination committeeIf during the nomination committee's term of office one or more of the shareholders who have appointed members of the nomination committee no longer belongs to the major shareholders  members of the nomination committee appointed by them must resign their positions  and the new shareholder or shareholders being among the major shareholders in terms of votes shall be asked in their place  if they want to appoint new members to the nomination committee. However  unless there are special reasons  no changes shall be made to the composition of the nomination committee if only minor changes in the shareholding have taken place  or if the change occurs later than two months before the annual general meeting where proposals from the nomination committee are to be considered. A shareholder who has appointed a member of the nomination committee has the right to dismiss such a member and appoint a new member of the nomination committee. Likewise  if a member at its own request leaves the nomination committee during the term of office  the shareholder who appointed the member has the right to appoint a new member to the nomination committee. Changes in the composition of the nomination committee shall be announced as soon as possible thereafter.The assignment of the nomination committeeThe member nominated by the largest shareholder  measured by voting rights  shall summon the nomination committee to an inaugural meeting. At the inaugural meeting  the nomination committee shall appoint a member from the committee to be the chairman of the nomination committee. The chairman of the nomination committee leads and distributes the work of the nomination committee and is responsible for all contacts with Catella. The chairman of the board of directors or any other board member shall not be the chairman of the nomination committee. The nomination committee is quorate if more than half of the members are participating. At the nomination committee's meetings  the chairman of the board of directors shall attend as long as the nomination committee deems it appropriate  however not as a member of the nomination committee.When fulfilling its assignment  the nomination committee shall comply with applicable laws and regulations  in particular  the Swedish Corporate Governance Code. The nomination nommittee shall apply rule 4.1 of the Swedish Corporate Governance Code as its diversity policy.The nomination committee shall prepare resolutions to the the general meeting in matters regarding elections and remuneration. The nomination committee shall submit proposals to the general meeting for the following resolutions:election of chairman of the general meeting; resolution on the number of board members to be elected; election of chairman of the board and members of the board; resolution on board fees for the chairman of the board and for each of the other members of the board as well as for work in board committees; resolution on number of auditors; election of and resolution on fees to the auditor; and changes to the applicable instruction for the nomination committee  if deemed necessary.The nomination committee shall  prior to the general meeting where the election of the board or auditor shall take place  submit a motivated opinion regarding its proposal of the composition of the board of directors  taking into account the nomination committee's diversity policy. The opinion shall also contain a brief report of the nomination committee's work.The nomination committee shall forward such information to Catella as Catella needs to be able to fulfil its obligation to provide information in accordance with the Swedish Corporate Governance Code. Catella shall  at the request of the nomination committee  provide personnel resources such as the secretarial function in the nomination committee  to facilitate the nomination committee's work. If necessary  Catella shall also pay reasonable costs for external consultants and similar which are deemed necessary by the nomination committee for it to be able to fulfil its assignment. No fees are to be paid to the nomination committee’s members.Item 15. Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to senior executivesThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to adopt guidelines for remuneration to senior executives as follows.Guidelines for remuneration to senior executives in Catella ABThe CEO and  from time to time  other members of the Company's executive management as well as members of the board of directors  if they receive remuneration from the Company other than remuneration for their ordinary board work  fall within the provisions of these guidelines. In addition to the CEO  the executive management currently consists of the CFO  the Head of Investor Relations and Group Communications  the Head of Group HR and the Head of Group Legal. The guidelines shall be applied to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the annual general meeting 2022. These guidelines do not apply to remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting.Types of remuneration and the promotion of the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityThe Company’s business strategy is dependent on the ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel. The total remuneration shall be competitive and on market terms  which is a prerequisite for a successful implementation of the Company’s business strategy and protecting its long-term interests  including sustainability. Further  the remuneration shall be commensurate with responsibility and authority.Remuneration to the CEO and other members of the Company’s executive management consists of fixed salary  variable remuneration  pension benefit and other benefits.Variable remuneration is based on financial or non-financial results in relation to individually defined quantitative or qualitative objectives that consider the Company’s business strategy  long-term goals and sustainability work.The satisfaction of the criteria for payment of variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a one year period. Variable remuneration may amount to a maximum of 100 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. Additional variable cash remuneration may be paid in extraordinary circumstances  provided that such extraordinary arrangements are within a predetermined time frame and are only made individually either with the aim of recruiting or retaining executives  or as remuneration for extraordinary work efforts in addition to the individual's regular assignments. Such extraordinary remuneration paid in addition to remuneration in accordance with the above may not exceed an amount corresponding to 100 percent of the fixed annual cash salary and may not be paid out more than once a year per individual. Decisions relating to such remuneration shall be made by the board of directors following preparation by the remuneration committee.Pension benefits  including healthcare insurance (Sw. sjukförsäkring)  shall be defined-contribution. Variable cash remuneration shall not be pensionable. Pension premiums for defined-contribution shall amount to a maximum of 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Other benefits may include life insurance  healthcare insurance and company car. Such benefits may amount to not more than 10 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.The Company has implemented share-based incentive programmes. To the extent additional share-based incentive programmes are introduced  these shall be subject to a decision by the general meeting and thus not be covered by these guidelines.Termination of employmentUpon notice of termination of employment by the Company  the notice period shall be a maximum of 12 months  and on notice of termination by the employee a maximum of 6 months. Salary and severance pay may in total not exceed 100 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.In addition  remuneration for potential non-competition undertakings may be payable. Such remuneration shall compensate for any loss in income and shall only be payable in so far as the former executive is not entitled to receive severance pay. Remuneration shall be based on fixed cash salary at the time of resignation and be subject to a maximum of 60 percent of the monthly salary at the time of notice of termination of employment  and shall be payable during the period the non-competition undertaking applies  which is subject to a maximum of 9 monthsafter the end of employment.The Company is contractually prohibited from reclaiming variable remuneration. According to contract and legislation  and subject to any ensuing restrictions  the board of directors is entitled to reclaim  in full or in part  variable remuneration that has been paid out on erroneous grounds.The decision-making process for determining  reviewing and implementing the guidelinesThe process for preparing  reviewing and implementing the remuneration guidelines is handled by a dedicated remuneration committee. After preparation by the remuneration committee  the board of directors shall prepare proposed new guidelines at least every four years and present the proposal for resolution at the annual general meeting. The guidelines shall apply until such time that new guidelines are adopted by the annual general meeting. The remuneration committee has an advisory (follow-up and evaluation) as well as a preparatory function for decision-making ahead of review and resolution by the board of directors. In addition to the chairman of the board  who is also chairman of the committee  other members elected by the annual general meeting are independent in relation to the Company and management. The remuneration committee holds at least two regular meetings each year  in good time before regular board meetings to address remuneration matters. All members of the remuneration committee  the CEO and the Head of Group HR shall  if possible  participate in the remuneration committee’s meetings (however subject to provisions relating to conflicts of interest under the Swedish Companies Act). Any other individual presenting a matter to the remuneration committee shall participate in the remuneration committee’s meetings to the extent the remuneration committee considers it appropriate. Individuals affected by the decisions shall however not attend meetings of the remuneration committee or the board during the period of preparation and decisions regarding the matter.Salary and employment terms for employeesEach year  the remuneration committee completes an analysis of how the total salary structure and employment terms for the Company’s employees compare to the remuneration to the CEO and senior executives. This forms the basis for decisions when evaluating the reasonableness of these guidelines.Derogation from the guidelinesThe board of directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the Company’s long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the Company’s financial viability.Information regarding decided remuneration not due for paymentThe board of directors shall include information regarding previously decided remuneration not yet due for payment to the proposal of guidelines for remuneration to senior executives to the annual general meeting.Information regarding derogations from the remuneration guidelines adopted by the annual general meeting 2021According to the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives that were adopted at the annual general meeting 2021  the board of directors has been authorized to derogate from the guidelines if there are special reasons. No such derogations have been made.Item 16. Resolution regarding amendments to the articles of associationAs Catella no longer conducts  or intends to conduct  banking operations and to clarify the operations conducted within the business area Principal Investments  the board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to amend the description of the Company’s operations in the articles of association in accordance with the below.Current wording Proposed wording 3 § ObjectsThe Company shall own and manage shares and participations in companies engaged in business administration  real estate or financial consultancy  securities operations  banking operations or fund operations and to engage in activities compatible with the foregoing. The company will further manage securities  handle group-wide tasks and carry out the above-mentioned compatible activities. 3 § ObjectsThe company shall own and manage shares and participations in companies engaged in business administration  real estate or financial consultancy  securities operations  or fund operations  directly or indirectly acquire  manage  develop and sell real property  and to engage in activities compatible with the foregoing. The company shall further manage securities  handle group-wide tasks and carry out the above-mentioned compatible activities.The board of directors further proposes the below amendments to reflect the applicable wording of the Swedish Companies Act and the Swedish Corporate Governance Code.7 § Board of directorsThe board of directors shall comprise no fewer than four and no more than ten directors. 7 § Board of directorsThe board of directors shall comprise no fewer than four and no more than ten directors  with no deputy directors.8 § AuditorsThe company shall have at least one and no more than two auditors  with no more than two alternate auditors. An authorised public accountant or a registered firm of accountants shall be appointed as auditor and  where appropriate  alternate auditor.For the period until not longer than the close of the next annual general meeting  the board of directors shall be entitled to appoint one or more special examiners to review i) the board of directors’ report in connection with new issues for non-cash consideration or subscription for shares pursuant to a right of set-off or otherwise subject to conditions  and ii) any merger plan. An authorised public accountant or a registered firm of accountants shall be appointed as such special examiner. 8 § AuditorsThe company shall have at least one and no more than two auditors  with no more than two alternate auditors. An authorised public accountant or a registered firm of accountants shall be appointed as auditor and  where appropriate  alternate auditor. The auditor shall be appointed for a period until the end of the annual general meeting held during the first  second  third or fourth financial year following the election of the auditor.For the period until not longer than the close of the next annual general meeting  the board of directors shall be entitled to appoint one or more special examiners to review i) the board of directors’ report in connection with new issues for non-cash consideration or subscription for shares pursuant to a right of set-off or otherwise subject to conditions  and ii) any merger plan. An authorised public accountant or a registered firm of accountants shall be appointed as such special examiner. 12 § General meetingsGeneral meetings shall be held in Stockholm.The following business shall be addressed at an annual general meeting:Election of a chairman of the meeting;Preparation and approval of the voting register;Approval of the agenda;Election of two persons to attest the minutes together with the chairman;Determination of whether the general meeting has been duly convened;Presentation of the annual report and auditor’s report  as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report for the group;Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet;Resolution regarding appropriation of the company's profit or loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheet;Issue of discharge from liability for the directors and the CEO;Determination of the number of directors and  where appropriate  auditors and alternate auditors;Determination of fees for the board of directors and  where appropriate  the auditors;Election of directors and  where appropriate  auditors and alternate auditors; andAny other business incumbent on the general meeting pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act or the articles of association. 12 § General meetingsGeneral meetings shall be held in Stockholm.The following business shall be addressed at an annual general meeting:Election of a chairman of the meeting;Preparation and approval of the voting list;Approval of the agenda;Election of one or two persons to check and verify the minutes;Determination of whether the general meeting has been duly convened;Presentation of the annual report and auditor’s report  as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report for the group;Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet;Resolution regarding dispositions of the company's profit or loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheet;Resolution regarding discharge from liability for the directors and the CEO;Presentation of the remuneration report for approval;Determination of the number of directors and  where appropriate  auditors and alternate auditors;Determination of remuneration to the board of directors and auditors;Election of directors and  where appropriate  auditors and alternate auditors;Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to the senior executives  if such a proposal has been presented;Resolution regarding instructions for the nomination committee  if such a proposal has been presented; andAny other business incumbent on the general meeting pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act or the articles of association.In addition  a number of editorial amendments to the articles of association are proposed  which  together with the proposed amendments as described above  are set out in Appendix 1.Further  the board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that the board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by either of them shall have the right to make the minor adjustments to the above resolution that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket).Item 17. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve on issue of sharesThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board to  on one or more occasions during the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  resolve on a new issue of shares of Class A and/or Class B  provided that such issue can be made without amending the articles of association. The total number of shares that may be issued under the authorization may in total not exceed ten percent of the total number of shares in Catella at the time of the annual general meeting. A new issue by virtue of the authorization shall be made on market terms against payment in cash  contribution in kind or by way of set-off.The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for any deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights are to enable the Company to increase growth and improve results and cash flow by financing acquisitions and/or investments and thus contribute to increased shareholder value and promote increased liquidity in the Company’s shares and a larger shareholder base in the Company.Further  the board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that the board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by either of them shall have the right to make the minor adjustments to the above resolution that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and/or Euroclear Sweden AB.Item 18. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve on repurchase and transfer of own sharesThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors to  on one or more occasions during the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  resolve on repurchase of the Company’s own shares of Class A and/or Class B. Repurchase of shares may only be made at a maximum of so many shares that the Company’s holding  from time to time after such acquisition  does not exceed ten percent of the total number of shares in the Company. Repurchase may only be made on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price per share within the prevailing share price interval at the time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. In the event that the acquisitions are effected by a stock broker assigned by the Company  the share price may  however  correspond to the volume weighted average price during the time period within which the shares were acquired  even if the volume weighted average price on the date of delivery falls outside the price range. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash.Further  the board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors to  on one or more occasions during the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  resolve to transfer own shares of Class A and/or Class B. The maximum number of shares of Class A and/or Class B that may be transferred may not exceed the total number of shares of Class A and/or Class B held by Catella at any given time.Transfers shall take place on or outside Nasdaq Stockholm  including a right to resolve on deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights. Transfers of shares of Class A and/or Class B on Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made at a price within the prevailing share price interval at the time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. Transfer of shares of Class A and/or Class B outside Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made on market terms and to a price in cash or value of property received that corresponds to the share price at the time of the transfer of the shares of Class A and/or Class B in Catella that are transferred  with any deviation that the board of directors deems appropriate in the individual case.The purpose of the authorization regarding acquisition and transfer of own shares of Class A and/or Class B is to enable the Company to increase growth and improve results and cash flow by financing acquisitions and/or investments and thus  in a cost-effective manner  through payment with the Company’s own shares and being able to achieve a more appropriate capital structure from time to time.Further  the board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that the board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by either of them shall have the right to make the minor adjustments to the above resolutions that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and/or Euroclear Sweden AB.Majority requirementsFor a valid resolution of the annual general meeting under the board of directors’ proposal under items 16  17 and 18 above  the resolutions must be supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the annual general meeting.Available documentsThe complete proposals of the board of directors and the nomination committee  reports and motivated statements that shall be made available pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act and the Swedish Corporate Governance Code will be available on the Company’s website  https://www.catella.com/en/investor-relations/corporate-governance/general-meetings  and at the Company’s headquarters at Birger Jarlsgatan 6  SE-114 34 Stockholm  Sweden  no later than from and including on Tuesday 3 May 2022. These documents are presented at the annual general meeting by being kept available in accordance with the above. The documents will also be sent  free-of-charge  to shareholders who so request and state their address.Number of shares and votesAt the time of issue of this notice  the total number of shares in the Company amount to 88 348 572  of which 2 530 555 are shares of Class A with five (5) votes each and 85 818 017 are shares of Class B with one (1) vote each  corresponding to a total of 98 470 792 votes. As per the same date  the Company does not hold any own shares.Processing of personal dataFor information about how your personal data is processed  please refer to the integrity policy that is available on Euroclear Sweden AB’s website  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.TranslationThis English version of the notice convening the annual general meeting of Catella AB is a convenience translation of the Swedish version. In the event of any discrepancies between the versions  including any documents prepared in relation thereto  the Swedish version shall prevail.Stockholm in April 2022Catella ABBoard of Directors,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Catella AB', 'Notice', 'underlätta genomförandet av', 'tillfälliga undantag för', 'och föreningsstämmor', 'Such electronic postal votes', 'rösträttsregistrering', 'annual general meeting', 'Temporary Exemptions Act', 'P.O. Box', 'other authorization document', 'subsidiaries’ financial situation', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'postal voting form', 'voting right registration', 'Such registration', 'voting rights', 'Catella AB', 'Tuesday 24 May', 'physical presence', 'external parties', 'share register', 'Monday 16 May', 'Monday 23 May', 'right registrations', 'Wednesday 18 May', 'Sw. lag', 'natural persons', 'legal entities', 'BankID verification', 'legal entity', 'material harm', 'Saturday 14 May', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Group Legal', 'Proxy forms', 'contact information', 'dated power', 'Shareholders’ right', 'reg.', 'Company', 'board', 'directors', 'representatives', 'opportunity', 'way', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'notice', 'heading', 'shares', 'nominee', 'addition', 'name', 'accordance', 'procedures', 'time', 'advance', 'account', 'Section', 'bolags', 'website', 'investor-relations', 'corporate-governance', 'general-meetings', 'SE-101', 'Stockholm', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'behalf', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'euroclearproxy', 'certificate', 'attorney', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'terms', 'written', 'CEO', 'assessment', 'item', 'agenda', 'request', 'writing']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,privataaffarer.se
3117,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-copperstone-060000017.html,NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN COPPERSTONE RESOURCES AB (PUBL),PRESS RELEASE The shareholders of Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  reg.no. 556704-4168 (“Copperstone” or the “Company”) are hereby summoned to the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022 at 1:00 p.m. at the offices of Hannes Snellman Attorneys ,Copperstone Resources ABKiruna 19 April 2022PRESS RELEASEThe shareholders of Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  reg.no. 556704-4168 (“Copperstone” or the “Company”) are hereby summoned to the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022 at 1:00 p.m. at the offices of Hannes Snellman Attorneys  Hamngatan 15  111 47 Stockholm. The registration opens at 12:30 p.m.Notice of attendance etc.Shareholders who wish to participate in the general meeting must be recorded in the share register held by Euroclear Sweden AB on 10 May 2022 and announce their participation by way of mail to the Company no later than 13 May 2022 at 12:00 p.m. to Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  Fasadvägen 43  SE-981 41 Kiruna  Sweden  or by way of e-mail: info@copperstone.se  stating “annual general meeting”. Upon notice of attendance  the shareholder’s name  social security number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number  shareholding as well as information on advisors  if any (no more than two) shall be stated.Upon participation by proxy  we are thankful if such proxy form is submitted already in connection with the notice of attendance. The proxy form may be no older than one year  however the proxy form may be older than one year if it is stated that it is valid for a longer period  no more than five years. Proxy forms are provided shareholders upon request and are available at the Company and on the Company’s website  www.copperstone.se. A person representing a legal entity is requested to present a certificate of registration or equivalent documentation of authority evidencing authorised signatory.A person having had their shares nominee registered must  in order to have the right to participate in the annual general meeting  have the nominee register the shares in own name  so that the relevant shareholder is registered in the share register held by Euroclear Sweden AB on 10 May 2022. Such registration may be temporary. The shareholder must therefore contact its nominee well before this date in accordance with the nominee’s routines and request for voting rights registration. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than 12 May 2022 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Story continuesThe Company will enable so called postal voting in accordance with the interim legislation on the matter. Information and forms will be held available on the Company’s website well before the annual general meeting. The postal voting form must be received by the Company no later than 17 May 2022.Information regarding Covid-19Due to Covid-19  Copperstone will  as a precautionary and risk mitigation measure for its shareholders  take specific measures in connection with the annual general meeting such as restrictions on the duration of the annual general meeting  food and drink as well as the presence of the senior management. Shareholders who are sick or belong to a risk group should not participate but may vote by proxy. Proxy forms will be available well before the annual general meeting on Copperstone’s website www.copperstone.se. The Company will enable so called postal voting in accordance with the interim legislation on the matter. Information and forms will be available on the Company’s website well before the annual general meeting.Proposed agenda1. Election of chairman of the meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes.4. Determination as to whether the annual general meeting has been duly convened.5. Approval of the agenda.6. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor’s report  as well as the consolidated accounts and the auditor’s report on the consolidated accounts.7. Resolution with respect toa) adoption of the income statement and the balance sheetb) appropriation of the limited liability Company’s profits or losses in accordance with the approved balance sheet andc) discharge of liability for the members of the board of directors and the CEO.8. Determination of the fees payable to members of the board of directors and the auditor.9. Election of the members of the board of directors and auditor.10. Resolution on authorisation for the board of directors to resolve on new issues.11. Resolution on adoption of Incentive program 2022/2025:1 by way of (A) issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB and (B) approval of transfer of warrants to management and key personnel in the Company.12. Resolution on adoption of Incentive program 2022/2025:2 by way of (A) issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB and (B) approval of transfer of warrants to members of the board of directors.13. Resolution on instruction for and appointment of the nomination committee.14. Closing of the meeting.Proposals for decisionItem 1: Election of chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that the chairman of the board  Jörgen Olsson  is elected chairman at the annual general meeting 18 May 2022.Item 7b: Resolution regarding appropriation of the limited liability company’s profits or losses in accordance with the approved balance sheetThe board of directors’ proposal regarding appropriation of the Company’s result will be presented in the annual report for the financial year 2021. The board of directors does not propose any dividend and proposes that the result is carried forward.Item 8: Resolution regarding remuneration for the board of directors and the auditorThe nomination committee proposes that  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  (i) remuneration of SEK 200 000 shall be paid to each of the members of the board of directors (who does not have an employment in the Company) and that remuneration of SEK 250 000 shall be paid to the deputy chairman of the board of directors  a total amount of SEK 1 050 000  and (ii) that the monthly salary for the executive chairman of the board of directors (who does not receive remuneration pursuant to item (i) in accordance with the resolution of the extraordinary general meeting on 15 December 2020)  is increased to SEK 150 000  plus car benefit consisting of a customary company car  as well as (iv) that the remuneration to the auditor shall be paid as per approved invoice.Item 9: Election of the members of the board of directors and auditorThe nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that the board of directors shall consist of seven (7) members of the board  including the chairman of the board.The nomination committee proposes that  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  Michael Mattsson  Sven-Erik Bucht  Jane Lundgren Ericsson  Markus Petäjäniemi (also deputy chairman) and Lars Seiz shall be re-elected as members of the board and that Jörgen Olsson shall be re-elected as executive chairman of the board. The nomination committee further proposes that Ing-Marie Andersson Drugge be elected as member of the board  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. Greg Hall has declined re-election.Ing-Marie Andersson Drugge has a MSc Engineer/Metallurgist degree from University of Luleå and she has substantial experience from management positions within the processing industry. Her experience also includes senior positions within Boliden and Outokumpu. Ing-Marie Andersson Drugge also has earlier board experience from  among others  Swerim AB  EIT Raw Materials and SIP-STRIM  a Swedish innovation programme for mines and smelters.The nomination committee proposes that Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB  with Martin Johansson as auditor in charge  shall be re-elected as auditor in the Company for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting.Item 10: Resolution on authorisation for the board of directors to resolve on new issuesThe board of directors of Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  reg.no. 556704-4168 proposes that the general meeting resolves to authorise the board for the period until the next annual general meeting  at one or several occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  against payment in cash or through set-off or in kind  or otherwise with conditions  to resolve on an issue of new shares  convertibles or warrants. The total number of issued shares  or the number of shares that may be issued upon conversion of convertibles or through exercise of warrants  may not exceed 20 per cent of the registered number of shares in the Company at the time of the general meeting’s resolution. The number of shares which may be issued upon conversion of convertibles or through exercise of warrants refers to the number of shares before a potential recalculation. The purpose of the authorisation  and the reason for the possibility to deviate from the shareholder’s preferential rights  is to enable the Company to  in a promptly and cost-effective manner  procure capital  carry out acquisitions or make use of other strategic opportunities. The value transferred to the Company through issues by virtue of the authorisation  shall be made on market terms and may include a market-based issue discount.The board of directors  or the person the board appoints  shall have the right to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.In order for a valid resolution  made by the general meeting in accordance with the board of directors’ proposal  the resolution must be supported by shareholders holding no less than two-thirds of both the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the general meeting.Item 11: Resolution on adoption of Incentive program 2022/2025:1 by way of (A) issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB and (B) approval of transfer of warrants to management and key personnel in the CompanyThe board of directors of Copperstone Resources AB (publ) reg.no. 556704-4168  proposes that the general meeting resolves to adopt an incentive program aimed for management and key personnel in the Company. This is proposed to be carried out by way of a directed issue of warrants to the wholly owned subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB (the “Subsidiary”) in accordance with the resolution item (A) below  and transfer to selected management and key personnel in accordance with resolution item (B). The resolution items (A) and (B) are mutually conditioned by each other and are resolved upon one resolution.The board of directors assesses that it is urgent and in the interest of all shareholders that management and key personnel have a long-term interest of a good value development of the share in the Company. A personal and a long-term ownership commitment may be expected to contribute to an increased interest of the Company’s operations and results as well as to increase the motivation for  and affinity with  the Company and its shareholders.(A) – Issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive ABThe board of directors proposes that a directed issue of warrants is carried out by way of no more than 12 000 000 warrants of series 2022/2025:1 shall be issued. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only accrue to the Subsidiary. The intention is that the warrants afterwards shall be transferred to management and key personnel in the Company in accordance with what is stated in resolution item (B). The reason for that the issue is proposed to deviate from the shareholders’ preferential rights is therefore to create incentives for management and key personnel to at all times work for the Company’s positive development since these possess management roles or key roles in the Company and thereby constitutes an important part of the Company’s continued operations. The warrants are issued without consideration. Each warrant shall entitle to subscription of one (1) share in the Company to a subscription price per share corresponding to the current share price in connection with the annual general meeting  which further will be seen in the board of directors’ complete proposal  multiplicated with 1.5. Subscription of shares by exercising the warrants shall  in accordance with the terms and conditions for the warrants  be possible to carry out up until and including 18 December 2025. In the event that all of the warrants are exercised for subscription of shares  the Company’s registered share capital will be increased with SEK 1 200 000. The terms and conditions  including customary provisions of recalculation with regard to certain events related to the Company etc.  which will be set forth in the board of directors’ complete proposal  shall be applied regarding the warrants.(B) - Approval of transfer of warrants to management and key personnel in the CompanyFurther  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve that the Subsidiary shall transfer no more than 12 000 000 warrants in total to management or key personnel (or wholly owned companies by these persons) in the Company with the distribution stated below.Position / Categories The number of warrants CEO Maximum 2 500 000 warrants Management and other key personnel  including consultants on a permanent basis Maximum 2 000 000 warrants per person Newly employed management and key personnel Maximum 2 000 000 warrants per person Other employees Maximum 500 000 warrants per personThe warrants shall be transferred on market-based terms to a price determined on the basis of the calculated market value for the warrants at the time for transfer  by an application of Black & Scholes valuation model (options premium). The calculation of the option premium to management shall be made or controlled by an independent valuation expert  or shall be made on the basis of the expert’s valuation. Further  a so-called offer of first refusal-agreement  shall be entered into  according to which the warrant holder shall be obliged to offer the Company to acquire the warrants  or a certain part of these  under certain conditions.DilutionBased on the current number of shares in the Company  the dilution as a consequence of the proposed incentive program  with the assumption that all warrants will be exercised for subscription of shares  will not exceed 1 per cent of the shares and votes in the Company (not included the dilution which may arise as a result of the proposed incentive program for the board of directors and the Company’s current incentive programs).Costs for the incentive program and effects to important key figuresThe incentive program 2022/2025:1 has been prepared in consultation with external advisors and the total cost for this advice is not expected to amount to noteworthy amounts. Beyond the costs for advisors  the board of directors assesses that the incentive program will cause some administrative costs in connection to subscription of shares by exercising of the warrants and registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. Furthermore  the Company may link salary-based bonuses to allotments in order to facilitate participation in the program  the bonus costs of which in that case will fall within the Company's ordinary personnel costs.The stated dilution above refers to in relation to the Company’s key figure the dilution of the number of shares  and finally affects relevant key figures first if the Company’s value has risen so much that exercising is carried out during the maturity period. In such a case  the dilution should be counteracted by the fact that the Company  in the event of full exercising  would (based on current share price) be added an amount of approximately SEK 21 600 000.Earlier incentive programs in the CompanyThe Company has currently some ongoing share-related incentive programs which include management  and some ongoing share-related incentive programs which include members of the board of directors. All of the Company’s warrant programs are presented on the Company’s website and will be described in the board of directors’ proposal. In the event that the incentive program in accordance with the board of directors’ proposal above as well as the nomination committee’s proposal regarding incentive program aimed for the board of directors  would be fully implemented within the now intended frames  the total numerical dilution together with the today existing warrant programs  will not exceed 5 per cent.Majority requirementsResolution to adopt incentive programs according to the above stated  is covered by the rules for the board of directors and management in Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551)  which  in order for a valid resolution  requires that the proposal under this item is supported by shareholders representing no less than nine tenth (9/10) of both the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the general meeting.Item 12: Resolution on adoption of Incentive program 2022/2025:2 by way of (A) issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB and (B) approval of transfer of warrants to members of the board of directorsThe nomination committee in Copperstone Resources AB (publ) reg.no. 556704-4168  proposes that the general meeting resolves to adopt an incentive program aimed for members of the board of directors in the Company. This is proposed to be carried out by way of a directed issue of warrants to the wholly owned subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB (the “Subsidiary”) in accordance with the resolution item (A) below  and transfer to members of the board of directors in accordance with resolution item (B). The resolution items (A) and (B) are mutually conditioned by each other and are resolved upon one resolution.The nomination committee assesses that it is urgent and in the interest of all shareholders that members of the board of directors in the Company have a long-term interest of a good value development of the share in the Company. A personal and a long-term ownership commitment may be expected to contribute to an increased interest of the Company’s operations and results as well as to increase the motivation for  and affinity with  the Company and its shareholders.(A) – Issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive ABThe nomination committee propose that a directed issue of warrants is carried out by way of no more than 15 000 000 warrants of series 2022/2025:2 shall be issued. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only accrue to the Subsidiary. The intention is that the warrants afterwards shall be transferred to members of the board of directors in the Company in accordance with what is stated in resolution item (B). The reason for that the issue is proposed to deviate from the shareholders’ preferential rights is therefor to create incentives for members of the board of directors to at all times work for the Company’s positive development since these possess key roles in the Company and thereby constitutes an important part of the Company’s continued operations. The warrants are issued without consideration. Each warrant shall entitle to subscription of one (1) share in the Company to a subscription price per share corresponding to the current share price in connection with the annual general meeting  which further will be seen in the nomination committee’s complete proposal  multiplicated with 1.5. Subscription of shares by exercising the warrants shall  in accordance with the terms and conditions for the warrants  be possible to carry out up until and including 18 December 2025. In the event that all of the warrants are exercised for subscription of shares  the Company’s registered share capital will be increased with SEK 1 500 000. The terms and conditions  including customary provisions of recalculation with regard to certain events related to the Company etc.  which will be set forth in the nomination committee’s complete proposal  shall be applied regarding the warrants.(B) - Approval of transfer of warrants to the board of directors in the CompanyFurther  the nomination committee proposes that the general meeting resolves that the Subsidiary shall transfer no more than 15 000 000 warrants in total to members of the board of directors (or wholly owned companies by these persons) in the Company with the distribution stated below.Position / Categories The number of warrants Chairman of the board Maximum 5 000 000 warrants Other members of the board  excluding such member participating in the incentive program for management and key personnel proposed at the same time Maximum 2 000 000 warrants per personThe warrants shall be transferred on market-based terms to a price determined on the basis of the calculated market value for the warrants at the time for transfer  by an application of Black & Scholes valuation model (options premium). The calculation of the option premium to members of the board of directors shall be made or controlled by an independent valuation expert or shall be made on the basis of the expert’s valuation. Further  a so-called offer of first refusal-agreement  shall be entered into  according to which the warrant holder shall be obliged to offer the Company to acquire the warrants  or a certain part of these  under certain conditions.DilutionBased on the current number of shares in the Company  the dilution as a consequence of the proposed incentive program  with the assumption that all warrants will be exercised for subscription of shares  will not exceed 1.5 per cent of the shares and votes in the Company (not included the dilution which may arise as a result of the proposed incentive program for management and key personnel and the Company’s current incentive programs).Costs for the incentive program and effects to important key figuresThe incentive program 2022/2025:2 has been prepared in consultation with external advisors and the total cost for this advice is not expected to amount to noteworthy amounts. Beyond the costs for advisors  the nomination committee assess that the incentive program will cause some administrative costs in connection to subscription of shares by exercising of the warrants and registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.The stated dilution above refers to in relation to the Company’s key figure the dilution of the number of shares  and finally affects relevant key figures first if the Company’s value has risen so much that exercising is carried out during the maturity period. In such a case  the dilution should be counteracted by the fact that the Company  in the event of full exercising  would (based on current share price) be added an amount of SEK 27 000 000.Earlier incentive programs in the CompanyThe Company has currently some ongoing share-related incentive programs which include management  and some ongoing share-related incentive programs which include members of the board of directors. All of the Company’s warrant programs are presented on the Company’s website and will be described in the nomination committee’s complete proposal. In the event that the incentive program in accordance with the nomination committee’s proposal above as well as the board of directors’’ proposal regarding incentive program aimed for management and key personnel  would be fully implemented within the now intended frames  the total numerical dilution together with the today existing warrant programs  will not exceed 5 per cent.Majority requirementsResolution to adopt incentive programs according to the above stated  is covered by the rules for the board of directors and management in Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551)  which  in order for a valid resolution  requires that the proposal under this item is supported by shareholders representing no less than nine tenth (9/10) of both the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the general meeting.Item 13: Resolution on instruction for and appointment of the nomination committeeThe nomination committee proposes that the members of the nomination committee are appointed by way of the chairman of the board of directors contacting the three largest shareholders in the Company as of 1 September every year and ask them to nominate one representative each in order to  together with the chairman of the board  constitute the nomination committee. If any shareholder abstains from his or her right to nominate a representative  the shareholder who is thereafter the largest in terms of the number of votes shall be offered to nominate one representative. Shareholders who have nominated a member of the nomination committee have the right to replace such a member with another to instead become a member of the nomination committee. In the event that a shareholder who has nominated a member of the nomination committee has significantly reduced his shareholding in the company  such member may resign and  if the nomination committee deems it appropriate  the shareholder who is next in line will be given the opportunity to appoint a new member. If the ownership otherwise changes significantly before the nomination committee’s assignment is completed  it shall  if the nomination committee so decides  be able to change the composition of the nomination committee  in a manner the nomination committee deems appropriate.Further  the nomination committee proposes that the nomination committee shall prepare proposals with regard to below stated items to be presented to the annual general meeting or  if applicable  extraordinary general meeting  to resolve upon:proposal on members of the board of directors;proposal on remuneration to the members of the board of directors;proposal on auditor;proposal on the fees payable to the auditor;proposal on the chairman of the annual general meeting; andproposal on instructions/guidelines for the appointment of a nomination committee.This instruction applies until the annual general meeting resolves otherwise  at which the incumbent nomination committee continues to function during the period after the annual general meeting  and until its composition changes in accordance with this instruction  unless the general meeting expressly decides otherwise.Right to informationThe board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder requests it and the board of directors believes that such may take place without significant harm to the Company  provide information at the annual general meeting on any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  and any circumstances which may affect the assessment of the Company’s or a subsidiary’s financial position as well as the Company’s relationship to another group company.DocumentsComplete resolution proposals pursuant to the above will be presented on the Company’s website  www.copperstone.se  and be kept available at Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  Fasadvägen 43  SE-981 41 Kiruna  no later than three weeks before the general meeting and be sent to those shareholders who so wishes and state their postal address.Shares and votesThe Company may issue shares of one class. In total  there are 1 324 973 895 shares and votes in the Company. Each share in the Company carries one vote at the general meeting. The Company does not hold any own shares._____________________Kiruna in April 2022Copperstone Resources AB (publ)The board of directorsFor more information:Jörgen Olsson  Chairman of the boardTel: +46 (0) 703 - 420 570E-mail: Jorgen.olsson@decisio.se or info@copperstone.seAbout CopperstoneCopperstone Resources AB is a company now scaling up to become a modern and responsibly producing mining company through the reopening of the Viscaria mine in Kiruna  Sweden. The deposit’s high copper grade assessed mineral resources  geographical location and growing team of experts provides good opportunities to become a key supplier of quality and responsibly produced copper – a metal that plays a critical role in Sweden’s and Europe’s climate change towards an electrified society. In addition to the Viscaria mine  Copperstone holds a number of other exploitation concessions and exploration permits in Arvidsjaur (Eva  Svartliden  Granliden) and Smedjebacken (Tvistbogruvan)  all in Sweden. The parent company’s shares are traded on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market (ticker COPP B). Augment Partners is the company’s Certified Adviser  info@augment.se  +46 8 604 22 55.,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.2,0.35,0.45,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'COPPERSTONE RESOURCES AB', 'NOTICE', 'PUBL', 'subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB', 'Copperstone Resources AB Kiruna', 'Hannes Snellman Attorneys', 'Jörgen Olsson', 'social security number', 'Voting rights registrations', 'risk mitigation measure', 'annual general meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate registration number', 'postal voting form', 'limited liability Company', 'Incentive program', 'telephone number', 'risk group', 'voting list', 'annual report', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'share register', 'Fasadvägen', 'longer period', 'five years', 'legal entity', 'equivalent documentation', 'authorised signatory', 'Such registration', 'interim legislation', 'specific measures', 'two persons', 'consolidated accounts', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'new issues', 'key personnel', 'A) issue', 'nomination committee', 'proxy form', 'one year', 'senior management', 'Item 7b', 'relevant shareholder', 'shares nominee', 'forms', 'April', 'The', 'shareholders', '18 May', 'offices', 'Hamngatan', '47 Stockholm', 'Notice', 'attendance', '10 May', 'participation', 'way', 'mail', '13 May', 'publ', 'name', 'address', 'shareholding', 'information', 'advisors', 'connection', 'request', 'website', 'certificate', 'authority', 'order', 'accordance', 'routines', '12 May', 'presentation', 'Story', 'matter', '17 May', 'Covid-19', 'precautionary', 'restrictions', 'duration', 'food', 'drink', 'presence', 'agenda', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'auditor', 'Resolution', 'respect', 'adoption', 'appropriation', 'profits', 'losses', 'discharge', 'members', 'board', 'directors', 'CEO', 'fees', 'authorisation', 'warrants', 'transfer', 'instruction', 'appointment', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'decision', '1:00', '12:30', '12:00', '4.']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,finance.yahoo.com
3118,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Fed turns to private sector to beef up tech staff #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/OVtVLR7HX7 #regtech,nan,Fed turns to private sector to beef up tech staff #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/OVtVLR7HX7 #regtech,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['private sector', 'tech staff', 'Fed', 'Fintech', 'co', 'OVtVLR7HX7', 'regtech', 'private sector', 'tech staff', 'Fed', 'Fintech', 'co', 'OVtVLR7HX7', 'regtech']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,Unknown
3119,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.abladvisor.com/news/33800/td-bank-provides-new-25mm-abl-revolving-credit-facility-to-clearstream-energy,TD Bank Provides New $25MM ABL Revolving Credit Facility to ClearStream Energy - News,1 day ago,ClearStream Energy Services completed the refinancing of its asset-based revolving credit facility. ClearStream established a new $25 million asset-based revolving credit facility with a three-year term to replace its existing $15 million asset-based revolving credit facility that was to mature on April 14  2022.ABL FacilityThe ABL Facility provides for maximum borrowings up to $25 million with The Toronto-Dominion Bank (the “Lender”). The amount available under the ABL Facility will vary from time to time based on the borrowing base determined with reference to the accounts receivable and inventories of ClearStream and certain of its subsidiaries. The obligations under the ABL Facility are secured by  among other things  a first ranking lien on all of the existing and after acquired accounts receivable and inventories of the Company and the other guarantors  being certain of the Company's direct and indirect subsidiaries. The maturity date of the ABL Facility is April 14  2025.The financial covenants applicable under the ABL Facility are: (a) the Company must maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio equal to or greater than 1.00:1.00 for each twelve month period calculated and tested as of the last day of each fiscal quarter; and (b) the Company must not expend or become obligated for any capital expenditures in an aggregate amount exceeding $10 million during any fiscal year.As at April 14  2022  no amounts were drawn on the ABL Facility.Term Loan FacilityPursuant to the terms of the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated March 23  2021 (the “Fifth ARCA”)  ClearStream had access to (a) the Former ABL Facility and (b) a term loan facility providing for maximum borrowings of up to $40.5 million (the “Term Loan Facility”) with Canso Investment Counsel Ltd.  in its capacity as portfolio manager for and on behalf of certain accounts that it manages (“Canso”).As a result of the Refinancing  the Fifth ARCA has been amended and restated by a Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the “Sixth ARCA”) to  among other things: (a) remove the Former ABL Facility; (b) extend the maturity date of the Term Loan Facility from September 30  2022 to the date that is the earlier of (i) 180 days following the maturity date of the ABL Facility  (ii) October 14  2025  and (iii) the date on which the Term Loan Facility is terminated earlier pursuant to its terms; (c) change the interest rate charged on the Term Loan Facility to a fixed rate of 8% (previously a floating rate of prime plus 4.5%  increasing to prime plus 6.0% if the Former ABL Facility was more than 50% drawn); and (d) appoint Computershare Trust Company of Canada as administrative agent.The obligations under the Term Loan Facility are secured by  among other things  a lien on all of the existing and after acquired accounts receivable and inventories of the Company and the other guarantors  being certain of the Company's direct and indirect subsidiaries.As at April 14  2022  $40.5 million was outstanding under the Term Loan Facility. The Term Loan Facility is required to be used for specific purposes and cannot be redrawn once repaid.BDC Secured LoansOn June 26  2019  the Company received $19 million from two secured loans (the “BDC Loans”) with the Business Development Bank of Canada (“BDC”) as a partial source of funds for the acquisition of certain assets of the production services division of AECOM Production Services Ltd. (the “PSD Business”).The BDC Loans are secured by a first security interest on the real property and equipment acquired through the acquisition of the PSD Business and a security interest in all other present and future property  subject to the priorities granted to existing lenders under the ABL Facility  Senior Secured Debentures (as defined below) and other existing commitments.The loan agreements with BDC require the Company to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio equal to or greater than 1.00:1.00 on annual basis.As at April 14  2022  $15.4 million was outstanding under the BDC Loans. No substantive amendments were made to the BDC Loans as a result of the Refinancing.Senior Secured DebenturesOn March 23  2016  ClearStream issued 8% senior secured debentures due March 23  2026 (the “Senior Secured Debentures”) on a private placement basis to Canso pursuant to a trust indenture between ClearStream  as issuer  and Computershare Trust Company of Canada  as debenture trustee  as amended and supplemented (the “Senior Secured Indenture”).The Senior Secured Debentures are secured by first-ranking liens over all of the property of the Company and its guarantor subsidiaries  other than certain limited classes of collateral over which the Company has granted a prior-ranking lien in favour of the ABL Facility  the Term Loan Facility and the BDC Loans.The Senior Secured Debentures provide for certain events of default and covenants of the Company  including financial and reporting covenants and restrictive covenants limiting the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to make certain distributions and dispositions  incur indebtedness  grant liens and limitations with respect to acquisitions  mergers  investments  non-arm’s length transactions  reorganizations and hedging arrangements (subject to certain exceptions).As at April 14  2022  ClearStream had $111.2 million principal amount of 8% Senior Secured Debentures outstanding. As a result of the Refinancing  minor amendments were made to the Senior Secured Indenture to reflect the ABL Facility and the Sixth ARCA.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.03,0.42,0.55,True,English,"['New $25MM ABL Revolving Credit Facility', 'TD Bank', 'ClearStream Energy', 'News', 'new $25 million asset-based revolving credit facility', 'existing $15 million asset-based revolving credit facility', 'fixed charge coverage ratio', 'AECOM Production Services Ltd', 'Canso Investment Counsel Ltd.', 'The Senior Secured Debentures', 'The Term Loan Facility', 'Restated Credit Agreement', '8% senior secured debentures', 'production services division', 'The Toronto-Dominion Bank', 'Senior Secured Indenture', 'twelve month period', 'The ABL Facility', 'two secured loans', 'private placement basis', 'Business Development Bank', 'Former ABL Facility', 'first ranking lien', 'The BDC Loans', 'first security interest', 'other existing commitments', 'ClearStream Energy Services', 'BDC Secured Loans', 'Computershare Trust Company', 'fixed rate', 'trust indenture', 'three-year term', 'loan agreements', 'existing lenders', 'annual basis', 'interest rate', 'PSD Business', 'other things', 'other guarantors', 'other present', 'maximum borrowings', 'borrowing base', 'last day', 'fiscal quarter', 'capital expenditures', 'fiscal year', 'Fifth Amended', 'Fifth ARCA', 'portfolio manager', 'Sixth Amended', 'Sixth ARCA', 'floating rate', 'administrative agent', 'specific purposes', 'partial source', 'substantive amendments', 'debenture trustee', 'first-ranking liens', 'limited classes', 'prior-ranking lien', 'reporting covenants', 'restrictive covenants', 'real property', 'future property', 'indirect subsidiaries', 'maturity date', 'guarantor subsidiaries', 'financial covenants', 'accounts receivable', 'refinancing', 'April', 'amount', 'time', 'reference', 'inventories', 'obligations', 'aggregate', 'terms', 'access', 'capacity', 'behalf', 'result', 'September', 'October', 'prime', 'Canada', 'June', 'funds', 'acquisition', 'assets', 'equipment', 'priorities', 'March', 'issuer', 'collateral', 'favour', 'events', 'default', 'ability', '180']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,abladvisor.com
3120,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.defenseworld.net/2022/04/19/financial-contrast-forge-global-nysefrge-vs-deutsche-borse-otcmktsdboey.html,Financial Contrast: Forge Global (NYSE:FRGE) vs. Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY),2 hours ago,Forge Global (NYSE:FRGE – Get Rating) and Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) are both finance companies  but which is the superior stock? We will compare the two companies based on the strength of their earnings  institutional ownership  risk  valuation  dividends  profitability and analyst recommendations.Insider and Institutional OwnershipGet Forge Global alerts:73.8% of Forge Global shares are owned by institutional investors. Comparatively  0.0% of Deutsche Börse shares are owned by institutional investors. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that endowments  large money managers and hedge funds believe a company will outperform the market over the long term.This is a breakdown of recent recommendations and price targets for Forge Global and Deutsche Börse  as provided by MarketBeat.Sell Ratings Hold Ratings Buy Ratings Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score Forge Global 0 0 0 0 N/A Deutsche Börse 0 4 4 0 2.50Deutsche Börse has a consensus target price of $163.73  indicating a potential upside of 809.63%. Given Deutsche Börse’s higher possible upside  analysts plainly believe Deutsche Börse is more favorable than Forge Global.Earnings and ValuationThis table compares Forge Global and Deutsche Börse’s top-line revenue  earnings per share and valuation.Gross Revenue Price/Sales Ratio Net Income Earnings Per Share Price/Earnings Ratio Forge Global N/A N/A $9.36 million N/A N/A Deutsche Börse $5.26 billion 6.50 $1.43 billion $0.77 23.38Deutsche Börse has higher revenue and earnings than Forge Global.ProfitabilityThis table compares Forge Global and Deutsche Börse’s net margins  return on equity and return on assets.Net Margins Return on Equity Return on Assets Forge Global N/A -46.73% 2.25% Deutsche Börse 27.59% 18.26% 0.72%Risk & VolatilityForge Global has a beta of 2.78  suggesting that its stock price is 178% more volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively  Deutsche Börse has a beta of 0.79  suggesting that its stock price is 21% less volatile than the S&P 500.SummaryDeutsche Börse beats Forge Global on 6 of the 9 factors compared between the two stocks.About Forge Global (Get Rating)Forge Global Holdings  Inc. provides marketplace infrastructure  data services  and technology solutions for private market participants. It enables private company shareholders to trade private company shares with accredited investors. The company was founded in 2014 and is based in San Francisco  California.About Deutsche Börse (Get Rating)Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business). The company engages in the electronic trading of derivatives  electricity and gas products  emission rights  and foreign exchange; operating of Eurex Repo over the counter (OTC) trading platform and electronic clearing architecture; and operating as a central counterparty for on-and-off exchange derivatives  repo transactions  and OTC and exchange-traded derivatives. It also operates in the cash market through Xetra  BÃ¶rse Frankfurt  and Tradegate trading venues; operates as a central counterparty for equities and bonds; and provides listing services. In addition  the company offers custody and settlement services for securities; investment fund services; global securities financing services; and collateral management  as well as secured money  market transaction  and repos and securities lending transaction services. Further  it develops and markets indices  as well as portfolio management and risk analysis software; markets licenses for trading and market signals; provides technology and reporting solutions for external customers; and offers link-up of trading participants. Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG was founded in 1585 and is headquartered in Eschborn  Germany.Receive News & Ratings for Forge Global Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Forge Global and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.03,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Financial Contrast', 'Forge Global', 'NYSE', 'FRGE', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'Sales Ratio Net Income Earnings', 'Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG', 'N/A Deutsche Börse', 'Deutsche Börse shares', 'securities lending transaction services', 'global securities financing services', 'Get Forge Global alerts', 'Assets Forge Global N/A', 'Global N/A N/A', 'BÃ¶rse Frankfurt', 'Ratings Buy Ratings', 'Investment Fund Services', 'Strong institutional ownership', 'electronic clearing architecture', 'Earnings Ratio Forge', 'Forge Global shares', 'Forge Global Daily', 'consensus target price', 'concise daily summary', 'Forge Global Holdings', 'large money managers', 'higher possible upside', 'Tradegate trading venues', 'private company shares', 'Gross Revenue Price', 'risk analysis software', 'Net Margins Return', 'private company shareholders', 'private market participants', 'market transaction', 'email address', 'Get Rating', 'data services', 'listing services', 'settlement services', 'higher revenue', 'Sell Ratings', 'potential upside', 'electronic trading', 'trading participants', 'price targets', 'top-line revenue', 'stock price', 'institutional investors', ""analysts' ratings"", 'OTCMKTS:DBOEY', 'finance companies', 'superior stock', 'two companies', 'analyst recommendations', 'hedge funds', 'long term', 'recent recommendations', 'S&P 500', 'two stocks', 'marketplace infrastructure', 'accredited investors', 'San Francisco', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'analytics business', 'gas products', 'emission rights', 'central counterparty', 'repo transactions', 'cash market', 'collateral management', 'portfolio management', 'market signals', 'reporting solutions', 'external customers', 'related companies', 'Share Price', 'exchange organization', 'Foreign Exchange', 'Financial Derivatives', 'traded derivatives', 'exchange derivatives', 'technology solutions', 'Cash Equities', 'Eurex Repo', 'markets licenses', 'latest news', 'MarketBeat.com', 'Equity Return', 'NYSE', 'FRGE', 'strength', 'valuation', 'dividends', 'profitability', 'Insider', 'indication', 'endowments', 'breakdown', 'table', 'Volatility', 'beta', '9 factors', 'California', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Xetra', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', 'electricity', 'operating', 'bonds', 'addition', 'custody', 'secured', 'repos', 'indices', 'link-up', 'Eschborn', 'Germany']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,defenseworld.net
3121,Clearstream,Google API,https://elinformadorqr.com/interventional-cardiology-peripheral-vascular-devices-market-report-2022-players-countries-type-and-application-regional-forecast-to-2030/,Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Report 2022 – Players  Countries  Type and Application  Regional Forecast To 2030 – Elinformadorqr.com,13 hours ago,The recent report on “Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Market” offered by Credible Markets  comprises of a comprehensive investigation into the geographical landscape  industry size along with the revenue estimation of the business. Additionally  the report also highlights the challenges impeding market growth and expansion strategies employed by leading companies in the “Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Market”.An exhaustive competition analysis that covers insightful data on industry leaders is intended to help potential market entrants and existing players in competition with the right direction to arrive at their decisions. Market structure analysis discusses in detail Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices companies with their profiles  revenue shares in market  comprehensive portfolio of their offerings  networking and distribution strategies  regional market footprints  and much more.Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Market: SegmentationMajor Players in Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices market are:ENDOLOGIXJotec GmbHBardWilliam CookAngiomedMINVASYSTerumoAbbottBioteqMicroportBolton MedicalBIOTRONIKORBUSNEICH MEDICALLepuAesculapCORDIS CASHELMedtronicClearStreamCurative medical devicesKANEKABoston ScientificMost important types of Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices products covered in this report are:IVC FiltersCathetersAngioplasty StentsAngioplasty BalloonsMost widely used downstream fields of Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices market covered in this report are:Peripheral Vascular SurgeryInterventional Cardiology SurgeryClick the link to get a free Sample Copy of the Report @ https://crediblemarkets.com/sample-request/interventional-cardiology-peripheral-vascular-devices-market-289065?utm_source=Amruta&utm_medium=SatPRMajor Points Covered in TOC:1 Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Introduction and Market Overview1.1 Objectives of the Study1.2 Overview of Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices1.3 Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Scope and Market Size Estimation1.3.1 Market Concentration Ratio and Market Maturity Analysis1.3.2 Global Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Revenue and Growth Rate from 2016-20261.4 Market Segmentation1.4.1 Types of Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices1.4.2 Applications of Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices1.4.3 Research Regions1.5 Market Dynamics1.5.1 Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry Trends1.5.2 Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Drivers1.5.3 Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Challenges1.5.4 Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Restraints1.6 Industry News and Policies by Regions1.6.1 Industry News1.6.2 Industry Policies1.7 Mergers & Acquisitions  Expansion Plans1.8 Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry Development Trends under COVID-19 Outbreak1.8.1 Global COVID-19 Status Overview1.8.2 Influence of COVID-19 Outbreak on Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry Development2 Industry Chain Analysis2.1 Upstream Raw Material Supply and Demand Analysis2.1.1 Global Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Major Upstream Raw Material and Suppliers2.1.2 Raw Material Source Analysis2.2 Major Players of Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices2.2.1 Major Players Manufacturing Base of Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices in 20202.2.2 Major Players Market Distribution in 20202.3 Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis2.3.1 Production Process Analysis2.3.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure of Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices2.3.3 Labor Cost of Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices2.4 Market Channel Analysis of Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices2.5 Major Down Stream Customers by ApplicationDirect Purchase this Market Research Report Now @ https://crediblemarkets.com/reports/purchase/interventional-cardiology-peripheral-vascular-devices-market-289065?license_type=single_user;utm_source=Amruta&utm_medium=SatPR3 Global Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Market  by Type4 Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Market  by Application5 Global Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Consumption  Revenue ($) by Region (2016-2021)6 Global Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Production by Top Regions (2016-2021)7 Global Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Consumption by Regions (2016-2021)8 Competitive Landscape9 Global Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Analysis and Forecast by Type and Application10 Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Supply and Demand Forecast by Region11 New Project Feasibility Analysis12 Expert Interview Record13 Research Finding and Conclusion14 AppendixKey questions answered in the report:What will the market development pace of Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices market?What are the key factors driving the Global Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices market?Who are the key manufacturers in market space?What are the market openings  market hazard and market outline of the market?What are sales  revenue  and price analysis of top manufacturers of Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices market?Who are the distributors  traders  and dealers of Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices market?What are the Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the Global Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices industries?What are deals  income  and value examination by types and utilizations of the market?What are deals  income  and value examination by areas of enterprises?About USCredible Markets has emerged as a dependable source for the market research needs of businesses within a quick time span. We have collaborated with leading publishers of market intelligence and the coverage of our reports reserve spans all the key industry verticals and thousands of micro markets. The massive repository allows our clients to pick from recently published reports from a range of publishers that also provide extensive regional and country-wise analysis. Moreover  pre-booked research reports are among our top offerings.The collection of market intelligence reports is regularly updated to offer visitors ready access to the most recent market insights. We provide round-the-clock support to help you repurpose search parameters and thereby avail a complete range of reserved reports. After all  it is all about helping you reach an informed strategic decision about purchasing the right report that caters to all your market research demands.Reports in the repository of Credible Markets leverage predictive analytical models to study the performance of critical market segments. We believe in the fact that demands of businesses depend on an array of parameters and thus adhere to delivering industry-specific research solutions. Our client base traversing from thriving start-ups to some of the Fortune 500 companies speaks for our expertise in providing deep-dive insights on any desired industry sectors.Contact UsCredible Market Analytics99 Wall Street 2124 New York  NY 10005Email: [email protected],neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.1,0.89,True,English,"['Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Report', 'Interventional Cardiology', 'Regional Forecast', 'Players', 'Countries', 'Type', 'Application', 'Elinformadorqr', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry Development Trends', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry Trends', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Analysis', 'Upstream Raw Material Supply', 'Raw Material Source Analysis', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices products', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Drivers', 'Major Upstream Raw Material', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Production', 'Major Players Manufacturing Base', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices companies', '2.2.2 Major Players Market Distribution', 'Market structure analysis', 'Peripheral Vascular Surgery', 'Production Process Analysis', '2 Industry Chain Analysis', 'Market Maturity Analysis', '2.4 Market Channel Analysis', 'Curative medical devices', 'Jotec GmbH Bard', 'free Sample Copy', '2.5 Major Down Stream', 'potential market entrants', 'regional market footprints', 'Market Concentration Ratio', 'ORBUSNEICH MEDICAL Lepu', 'exhaustive competition analysis', 'Most important types', 'Market Size Estimation', 'Interventional Cardiology Surgery', 'Global Interventional Cardiology', 'Market Research Report', 'industry size', 'Demand Analysis', 'industry leaders', 'Industry News', 'leading companies', 'distribution strategies', 'Major Points', 'market growth', 'Market Scope', '1.5 Market Dynamics', 'Market Restraints', 'Industry Policies', 'existing players', 'Bolton Medical', '1 Interventional Cardiology', '1.3 Interventional Cardiology', '1.5.2 Interventional Cardiology', '4 Interventional Cardiology', '2.3 Interventional Cardiology', 'Market Overview', '1.4 Market Segmentation', 'Market Challenges', 'Credible Markets', 'comprehensive investigation', 'geographical landscape', 'revenue estimation', 'expansion strategies', 'insightful data', 'right direction', 'comprehensive portfolio', 'William Cook', 'Terumo Abbott', 'CORDIS CASHEL', 'Boston Scientific', 'IVC Filters', 'Angioplasty Stents', 'Angioplasty Balloons', 'downstream fields', 'Growth Rate', 'Research Regions', 'Expansion Plans', 'COVID-19 Outbreak', '8 Competitive Landscape', 'recent report', 'revenue shares', 'Top Regions', '1.4.1 Types', 'business', 'decisions', 'detail', 'profiles', 'offerings', 'networking', 'ENDOLOGIX', 'Angiomed', 'MINVASYS', 'Bioteq', 'Microport', 'BIOTRONIK', 'Aesculap', 'Medtronic', 'ClearStream', 'KANEKA', 'Catheters', 'link', 'crediblemarkets', 'sample-request/interventional-cardiology-peripheral-vascular-devices-market', 'Amruta', 'SatPR', 'TOC', 'Introduction', '1.1 Objectives', 'Study', '4.2 Applications', 'Mergers', 'Acquisitions', 'Influence', 'Suppliers', 'Customers', 'reports', 'purchase', 'Consumption', '1.2', '1.3.1', '4.3', '1.7', '2.2.1', '3.2']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,elinformadorqr.com
3122,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.bloomingprairieonline.com/self-expanding-stents-market-research-report-forecast-2022-2026-2022-analysis-future-industry-growth-rate-key-players-and-forecast-to-2026-abbott-aesculap-stryker/,Self Expanding Stents Market Research Report Forecast 2022-2026 – 2022 Analysis  Future Industry  Growth Rate  Key Players and Forecast to 2026 – Abbott  Aesculap  Stryker  – Bloomingprairieonline,10 hours ago,Global Self Expanding Stents Market intelligence report is a comprehensive overview of the Self Expanding Stents Market position. Full information provided of past progress  current market conditions  and a future prospect is provided in the report. It also gives accurate overview of the key strategy  market size  and products of leading companies in this market segment. Complete report from Materials  Applications  and forecasts for 2022 are expert and in-depth research information on the global regional market situation  focusing on every region.The Market Is Expected to Reach Rise at A Of 28% During the Forecast Period.”To Get Sample Copy of Self Expanding Stents Market Report:https://www.theresearchinsights.com/request_sample.php?id=375751&mode=R07Top Key Vendors in The Self Expanding Stents:Abbott  Aesculap  Stryker  Andramed  Balton  Biotronik  Braile  Clearstream  Cordis  ELLA-CS  Endo-Flex  Endocor  Eucatech  HEXACATH  InSitu  iVascular  Medinol  MicroVention  Pauldrach  Phenox  Rontis  StentysSelf Expanding Stents Market is Segmented as Below:MentalPlasticSelf Expanding StentsApplication as Below:Peripheral Nervous SystemDigestive SystemArteryRespiratory SystemIn terms of region  the Self Expanding Stentsmarket is classified intoEurope (Germany  France  United Kingdom  Russia  Italy  and Rest of Europe)North America (United States  Canada and Mexico)Middle East & Africa (Saudi Arabia  UAE  Egypt  South Africa  and Rest of Middle East & Africa)Asia-Pacific (China  Japan  Korea  India  Southeast Asia  and Australia)South America (Brazil  Argentina  Colombia  and Rest of South America)To Get 30% Discounts on the Purchase of This Self Expanding StentsMarket Report:https://www.theresearchinsights.com/ask_for_discount.php?id=375751&mode=R07This Market will be significant in the Self Expanding Stents growth during the forecast period. Moreover  there will be an increase in new product launches and continuous innovations due to the rise in the popularity of resulting in boosting the Self Expanding Stentsmarket in the coming years.Key Questions Answered in The Report:Which is the region will show the higher and rapid growth?Which are the top key players of the Self Expanding StentsMarket?How will theSelf Expanding Stents Market change in the upcoming six years?Which application and product will take a lion’s share of the Self Expanding Stents Market?What are the markets drivers and restrictions?What will be the CAGR and size of the throughout the forecast period?To Get Full Analysis Report PDF and TOC:https://www.theresearchinsights.com/enquiry_before_buying.php?id=375751&mode=R07The report first introduces data: descriptions  rankings  applications and market research; product description; process; materials  equipment and analyses the global regional market situation  including product value  prices  potential  supply  production  demand and market growth and forecasting etc. also the report introduces a new investment analysis.About US:The Research Insights – A global leader in analytics  research  and advisory that can assist you to renovate your business and modify your approach. With us  you will learn to take decisions intrepidly. We make sense of drawbacks  opportunities  circumstances  estimations  and information using our experienced skills and verified methodologies. Our research reports will give you an exceptional experience of innovative solutions and outcomes. We have effectively steered businesses all over the world with our market research reports and are outstandingly positioned to lead digital transformations. Thus  we craft greater value for clients by presenting advanced opportunities in the global market.Contact Us:RobinSales managerContact number: +91-996-067-0000 | +1 312-313-8080sales@theresearchinsights.comhttps://www.theresearchinsights.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.07,0.32,0.6,True,English,"['Self Expanding Stents Market Research Report Forecast', 'Future Industry', 'Growth Rate', 'Key Players', '2022 Analysis', 'Abbott', 'Aesculap', 'Stryker', 'Bloomingprairieonline', 'Global Self Expanding Stents Market intelligence report', 'Self Expanding Stents Market position', 'Self Expanding Stents Market Report', 'theSelf Expanding Stents Market', 'Self Expanding Stents growth', 'global regional market situation', 'The Self Expanding Stents', 'Self Expanding StentsMarket Report', 'Full Analysis Report PDF', 'Self Expanding StentsApplication', 'new investment analysis', 'current market conditions', 'Peripheral Nervous System', 'Artery Respiratory System', 'Top Key Vendors', 'top key players', 'upcoming six years', 'market research reports', 'new product launches', 'The Research Insights', 'depth research information', 'global market', 'market growth', 'global leader', 'market segment', 'Full information', 'Complete report', 'market size', 'Digestive System', 'rapid growth', 'key strategy', 'coming years', 'Key Questions', 'comprehensive overview', 'past progress', 'future prospect', 'accurate overview', 'leading companies', 'Forecast Period', 'Sample Copy', 'United Kingdom', 'North America', 'United States', 'Middle East', 'Saudi Arabia', 'Southeast Asia', 'South America', 'continuous innovations', 'markets drivers', 'product description', 'product value', 'experienced skills', 'exceptional experience', 'innovative solutions', 'digital transformations', 'greater value', 'Sales manager', 'Contact number', 'advanced opportunities', 'Contact Us', 'South Africa', 'products', 'Materials', 'Applications', 'forecasts', 'expert', 'Rise', 'theresearchinsights', 'request_sample', 'Abbott', 'Aesculap', 'Stryker', 'Andramed', 'Balton', 'Biotronik', 'Braile', 'Clearstream', 'Cordis', 'ELLA-CS', 'Endo-Flex', 'Endocor', 'Eucatech', 'HEXACATH', 'InSitu', 'iVascular', 'Medinol', 'MicroVention', 'Pauldrach', 'Phenox', 'Rontis', 'Stentys', 'Mental', 'Plastic', 'terms', 'Europe', 'Germany', 'France', 'Russia', 'Italy', 'Rest', 'Canada', 'Mexico', 'UAE', 'Egypt', 'Asia-Pacific', 'China', 'Japan', 'Korea', 'India', 'Australia', 'Brazil', 'Argentina', 'Colombia', '30% Discounts', 'Purchase', 'increase', 'popularity', 'higher', 'lion', 'share', 'CAGR', 'TOC', 'enquiry', 'first', 'data', 'descriptions', 'rankings', 'process', 'equipment', 'prices', 'potential', 'supply', 'production', 'demand', 'forecasting', 'analytics', 'advisory', 'business', 'approach', 'decisions', 'sense', 'drawbacks', 'circumstances', 'estimations', 'verified', 'methodologies', 'outcomes', 'world', 'clients', 'Robin']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,bloomingprairieonline.com
3123,Clearstream,Bing API,https://interfax.com/newsroom/top-stories/78367/,NSD fully open to dialogue with Euroclear  Clearstream  no blocks on its part - MOEX,Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) is fully open for dialogue with Euroclear and Clearstream  and there are no impediments on its part  Kirill Pestov  head of business development at the Moscow Exchange  ,"NSD fully open to dialogue with Euroclear  Clearstream  no blocks on its part - MOEXMOSCOW. April 19 (Interfax) - Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) is fully open for dialogue with Euroclear and Clearstream  and there are no impediments on its part  Kirill Pestov  head of business development at the Moscow Exchange   said at the Finfin 2022 conference.""The ball is fully in Euroclear and Clearstream's court  the NSD is fully open to dialogue  Western colleagues are ignoring us  and we can't say when movement will come from that side. We're blocked from that side; from the side of the NSD  there are no blocks to Euroclear and Clearstream  and we're ready to cooperate "" Pestov said.International securities depository Clearstream notified the NSD at the end of March that it had blocked its account.Another leading international depository  Euroclear  restricted operations on the NSD's account on March 18.""According to received information  transactions on the NSD account have been restricted by Euroclear in order to implement regulation (EU) 899/2014 regarding restrictive measures in connection with Russia's actions that are destabilizing the situation in Ukraine  with amendments and updates made by council regulation (EU) 2022/328 dated February 25  2022 "" the NSD said.Euroclear has since not executed any instructions to carry out transactions with securities and money  including instructions to participate in corporate actions on foreign securities.The NSD also imposed restrictions on transactions on the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream at the beginning of March. ""The NSD has not blocked the accounts of European clearing houses Euroclear and Clearstream. According to the instructions of the Bank of Russia  the NSD has restricted payment abilities on securities of Russian issuers for foreign individuals and legal entities and the transfer of rights to such securities "" it said.""Clearstream Banking informs customers that the National Settlement Depository (NSD)  acting pursuant to Prescription No. 018-34-3/1202 issued by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation on 28 February 2022  has blocked all securities held on Clearstream Banking's FNH Account until further notice "" Clearstream Banking said on March 1.In accordance with the instructions of the Central Bank  the NSD is obligated to freeze payments on securities of Russian issuers for foreign individuals and legal entities  Clearstream said.""NSD has confirmed that: all assets held in our account with NSD are frozen "" Euroclear said at the time.Euroclear has disabled its ruble account with ING Bank in connection with the current situation. ""Therefore  clients are no longer allowed to transfer any rubles to ING Bank "" Euroclear said.Eurclear's ruble account with VTB was closed still earlier  and the ruble bridge between Clearstream and Euroclear has been closed.",neutral,0.21,0.74,0.05,negative,0.01,0.2,0.79,True,English,"['NSD', 'dialogue', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'blocks', 'part', 'MOEX', 'National Settlement Depository', 'leading international depository', 'European clearing houses', 'International securities depository', 'business development', 'Finfin 2022 conference', 'Western colleagues', 'restrictive measures', 'payment abilities', 'Russian issuers', 'foreign individuals', 'legal entities', 'Prescription No.', 'Russian Federation', 'ruble bridge', 'Central Bank', 'ING Bank', 'FNH Account', 'ruble account', 'Kirill Pestov', 'Moscow Exchange', 'council regulation', 'corporate actions', 'current situation', 'foreign securities', 'Clearstream Banking', 'The NSD', 'NSD account', 'dialogue', 'Euroclear', 'blocks', 'part', 'MOEX', 'April', 'Interfax', 'impediments', 'head', 'ball', 'court', 'movement', 'side', 'end', 'March', 'operations', 'information', 'transactions', 'order', 'connection', 'Ukraine', 'updates', 'instructions', 'money', 'restrictions', 'accounts', 'beginning', 'transfer', 'rights', 'customers', '28 February', 'notice', 'accordance', 'payments', 'assets', 'time', 'clients', 'rubles', 'Eurclear', 'VTB']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,interfax.com
3124,Clearstream,Bing API,https://au.news.yahoo.com/russian-linked-bank-plots-path-150827043.html,Russian-Linked Bank Plots Path Through Bond Chaos With Buyback,Bond-market turmoil that followed the invasion of Ukraine is prompting a lender with Russian exposure to buy back its own battered debt early to save on funding costs. Most Read from BloombergIn Defense of Elon Musk's Managerial ExcellenceU.,(Bloomberg) -- Bond-market turmoil that followed the invasion of Ukraine is prompting a lender with Russian exposure to buy back its own battered debt early to save on funding costs.Most Read from BloombergEurasian Development Bank  which is based in Almaty  Kazakhstan  and attributes two-thirds of its capital to Russian sources  is the first company to openly take advantage of the discount on its bonds  which have slumped into distressed territory.Issuers are being forced to get inventive servicing their debts as they contend either directly with international sanctions on Russia  or the resulting loss of business. One idea raised would move payment processes onshore  enabling firms to avoid the restrictions that have blocked bond payments.EDB proposes buying back at least $200 million of the debt at a maximum of 80% face value  according to a filing on Tuesday. That would wind up saving it at least $44 million  including interest accrued until Sept. 20  when the $500 million note matures  Bloomberg calculations show.KNG Securities was offering to buy EDB’s 2022 notes at 48 cents on the dollar and selling them at 68 cents on Tuesday  underscoring the price impact of the Kazakh lender’s dependence on Russia. Mizuho was indicating buy-sell offers for 60-90 cents on the dollar  according to data compiled by Bloomberg.For bondholders  it gives a route to cashing out early  albeit at a potential loss. But it has the advantage of avoiding potential complications that could scupper payment on the maturity date altogether.Sanctions imposed on Russia as punishment for the invasion have made for a rocky path to payment.Foreign bondholders of companies including Severstal PJSC and Russian Railways are still waiting to receive money that was held up by international lenders wary of violating sanctions.Story continuesRead More: Citi’s Caution Threatens to Send More Russian Debt Into DefaultRussian investors have fared little better. The world’s biggest settlement systems -- Euroclear and Clearstream -- have blocked accounts with the local Russian depository  leaving payments in limbo.Now the regulators are stepping in.A Russian government subcommittee for foreign investment control recommended issuers make payments separately to foreign and Russian holders. The Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs -- Russia’s big-business lobby-- proposed bringing the role of paying agent and register for the bonds onshore  warning of a potential wave of cross-defaults and foreign asset freezes.It’s far from clear if the proposals will be adopted  and companies are looking for alternatives in the meantime.Russian oil services company Borets is trying to win investor approval to delay the maturity of its notes by a year. With an April 22 deadline approaching  bondholders with over 80% of the debt have backed the proposal  according to an email seen by Bloomberg. The company is offering investors a 0.35% premium to get over the 90% threshold required.Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek©2022 Bloomberg L.P.,negative,0.02,0.29,0.7,mixed,0.06,0.15,0.79,True,English,"['Russian-Linked Bank Plots', 'Bond Chaos', 'Buyback', 'Russian oil services company', 'Eurasian Development Bank', 'biggest settlement systems', 'local Russian depository', 'Russian government subcommittee', 'foreign investment control', 'foreign asset freezes', '2022 Bloomberg L.P.', 'More Russian Debt', 'Russian exposure', 'Russian sources', 'Russian Railways', 'Russian holders', 'first company', 'Russian investors', 'Bond-market turmoil', 'funding costs', 'resulting loss', 'One idea', '80% face value', '$500 million note', 'KNG Securities', 'price impact', 'buy-sell offers', 'potential loss', 'potential complications', 'rocky path', 'Severstal PJSC', 'international lenders', 'The Union', 'big-business lobby', 'paying agent', 'potential wave', 'investor approval', 'April 22 deadline', 'Foreign bondholders', 'Bloomberg calculations', 'Bloomberg Businessweek', 'Kazakh lender', 'maturity date', 'international sanctions', 'payment processes', 'bond payments', '60-90 cents', '48 cents', '68 cents', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'Almaty', 'Kazakhstan', 'two-thirds', 'capital', 'advantage', 'discount', 'bonds', 'distressed', 'territory', 'Issuers', 'debts', 'firms', 'restrictions', 'EDB', 'maximum', 'filing', 'Tuesday', 'interest', 'Sept.', '2022 notes', 'dollar', 'dependence', 'Mizuho', 'data', 'route', 'punishment', 'companies', 'money', 'Story', 'Citi', 'Caution', 'Default', 'world', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'accounts', 'limbo', 'regulators', 'Industrialists', 'Entrepreneurs', 'role', 'proposals', 'alternatives', 'meantime', 'Borets', 'year', 'email', '0.35% premium', '90% threshold']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,au.news.yahoo.com
3125,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@bencken_rolf @Winston19841225 @hkuppy @moex @adr @Russia @gazp @sber @Sanctions @LT3000Lyall they told me clearstream....,nan,@bencken_rolf @Winston19841225 @hkuppy @moex @adr @Russia @gazp @sber @Sanctions @LT3000Lyall they told me clearstream....,negative,0.02,0.15,0.83,negative,0.02,0.15,0.83,True,English,"['bencken_rolf', 'Winston19841225', 'hkuppy', 'moex', 'adr', 'Russia', 'gazp', 'sber', 'Sanctions', 'bencken_rolf', 'Winston19841225', 'hkuppy', 'moex', 'adr', 'Russia', 'gazp', 'sber', 'Sanctions']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,Unknown
3126,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream Solutions joined as sponsor to the Green Awards 2022 and they are proudly sponsoring The Green Energy P… https://t.co/yb2cUIXowB,nan,Clearstream Solutions joined as sponsor to the Green Awards 2022 and they are proudly sponsoring The Green Energy P… https://t.co/yb2cUIXowB,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.02,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.02,True,English,"['The Green Energy P', 'Green Awards', 'Clearstream Solutions', 'sponsor', 'yb2cUIXowB', 'The Green Energy P', 'Green Awards', 'Clearstream Solutions', 'sponsor', 'yb2cUIXowB']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,Unknown
3127,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,it@cork member company @Clearstream Cork are delighted to host their first Recruitment Expo onsite at NSQ on Tuesda… https://t.co/jVfcLEygEs,nan,it@cork member company @Clearstream Cork are delighted to host their first Recruitment Expo onsite at NSQ on Tuesda… https://t.co/jVfcLEygEs,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['first Recruitment Expo onsite', 'cork member company', 'Clearstream Cork', 'NSQ', 'Tuesda', 'jVfcLEygEs', 'first Recruitment Expo onsite', 'cork member company', 'Clearstream Cork', 'NSQ', 'Tuesda', 'jVfcLEygEs']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,Unknown
3128,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@yooontaeblush nawt people tagging keepstrugglin this was clearstream purposeful,nan,@yooontaeblush nawt people tagging keepstrugglin this was clearstream purposeful,positive,0.88,0.04,0.08,positive,0.88,0.04,0.08,True,English,"['yooontaeblush nawt people', 'keepstrugglin', 'yooontaeblush nawt people', 'keepstrugglin']",2022-04-18,2022-04-19,Unknown
3129,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/nasdaq-inc-stock-underperforms-monday-when-compared-to-competitors-01650316147-a07c5a702dc5,Company Close Updates: Nasdaq Inc. stock underperforms Monday when compared to competitors,Shares of Nasdaq Inc. slumped 0.12% to $178.34 Monday  on what proved to be an all-around grim trading session for the stock market  with the S&P 500 Index...,Shares of Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ  +1.51% slumped 0.12% to $178.34 Monday  on what proved to be an all-around grim trading session for the stock market  with the S&P 500 Index SPX  +1.61% falling 0.02% to 4 391.69 and Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA  +1.45% falling 0.11% to 34 411.69. This was the stock's second consecutive day of losses. Nasdaq Inc. closed $36.62 short of its 52-week high ($214.96)  which the company reached on November 5th.The stock demonstrated a mixed performance when compared to some of its competitors Monday  as Hong Kong Exchanges & Clearing Ltd. ADR HKXCY  -2.16% rose 0.41% to $43.34  CME Group Inc. Cl A CME  -0.91% fell 0.60% to $236.24  and Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY  -1.72% fell 0.77% to $18.00. Trading volume (445 261) remained 368 417 below its 50-day average volume of 813 678.Editor's Note: This story was auto-generated by Automated Insights  an automation technology provider  using data from Dow Jones and FactSet. See our market data terms of use.,negative,0.04,0.37,0.59,negative,0.01,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Nasdaq Inc. stock', 'Company', 'Updates', 'competitors', 'CME Group Inc. Cl A CME', 'Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA', 'S&P 500 Index SPX', '50-day average volume', 'Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ', 'second consecutive day', 'Hong Kong Exchanges', 'automation technology provider', 'grim trading session', 'market data terms', 'ADR HKXCY', 'Trading volume', '52-week high', 'November 5th', 'mixed performance', 'Clearing Ltd', 'Automated Insights', 'stock market', 'Shares', 'Monday', 'around', 'losses', 'company', 'competitors', 'Editor', 'Note', 'story', 'FactSet', 'use']",2022-04-18,2022-04-19,marketwatch.com
3130,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.etfstream.com/news/amundi-unveils-global-aggregate-and-asian-equity-esg-etfs/,Amundi unveils global aggregate and Asian equity ESG ETFs,10 hours ago,Amundi unveils global aggregate and Asian equity ESG ETFsAmundi has launched two new ESG products targeting the global aggregate bond market and Asia equity  ETF Stream can reveal.The Amundi Global AGG SRI UCITS ETF (8OUU) and the Amundi MSCI AC Far East Ex Japan ESG Leaders Select UCITS ETF (ACUU) are both listed on Deutsche Boerse with total expense ratios (TERs) of 0.14% and 0.25%  respectively.8OUU tracks the Bloomberg MSCI Global Aggregate 500MM ex Securitised Sustainable SRI Neutral index giving investors access to 12 000 investment grade corporate and government bonds across 1 200 issuers.It excludes issuers involved in controversial business practices such as alcohol  tobacco  gambling  adult entertainment  GMO  nuclear power  military weapons  civilian firearms and thermal coal.Furthermore  it will select 80% of the bonds with the highest ESG score taken from the Bloomberg MSCI Global Aggregate 500MM ex Securitised index.Taking on the Global Aggregate Bond index ‘beast’Currently  BlackRock and DWS are the only two issuers that offer exposure to the global aggregate bond index due to its sheer size and the issuer's ability to track it efficiently. In November  DWS announced plans to switch the index to one that tracks ESG metrics due to low demand.Meanwhile  ACUU tracks the MSCI All Country Far East ex Japan ESG Leaders Select 5% Issuer Capped index  offering exposure to two developed markets – Hong Kong and Singapore – and seven emerging markets comprising China  Indonesia  Korea  Malaysia  the Philippines and Taiwan.Despite covering roughly 400 stocks  China dominates the index with a weighting of 44.4%  followed by Taiwan (20.7%)  Hong Kong (10%) and South Korea (9.7%)  at the end of March.The ETF uses a negative screening and a best-in-class selection of the top 50% of companies with the highest ESG scores taken from the parent index.Both ETFs are labelled Article 8 under the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR).Matthieu Guignard (pictured)  global head of product development and capital markets at Amundi  said: “We are delighted to further extend our Amundi ETF responsible range with these two new products.“As investors are increasingly looking for new tools allowing them to build sustainable portfolios for all asset classes  we are committed to providing them with a large range of high quality  robust and cost-efficient ESG ETFs”.It comes as Amundi continues to green up its product range. Last month  the group shifted over €13bn of assets to track Paris Aligned Benchmarks (PAB) and Climate Transition Benchmark (CTB) indices.Amundi successfully extended its lead over DWS in the European ETF issuer rankings in Q1 following its €825m acquisition of Lyxor  booking an impressive €9.2bn inflows in the first quarter.Related articles,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.28,0.36,True,English,"['Asian equity ESG ETFs', 'global aggregate', 'Amundi', 'Bloomberg MSCI Global Aggregate 500MM ex Securitised Sustainable SRI Neutral index', 'Bloomberg MSCI Global Aggregate 500MM ex Securitised index', 'Amundi MSCI AC Far East Ex Japan ESG Leaders', 'The Amundi Global AGG SRI UCITS ETF', 'Global Aggregate Bond index', 'global aggregate bond market', 'Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation', 'European ETF issuer rankings', 'Asian equity ESG ETFs', 'Amundi ETF responsible range', 'two new ESG products', '5% Issuer Capped index', 'highest ESG score', 'two new products', 'cost-efficient ESG ETFs', 'total expense ratios', '12,000 investment grade corporate', 'controversial business practices', 'high quality, robust', 'Paris Aligned Benchmarks', 'Climate Transition Benchmark', 'impressive €9.2bn inflows', 'two developed markets', 'seven emerging markets', 'The ETF', 'sustainable portfolios', 'global head', 'parent index', 'ESG metrics', 'ETF Stream', 'Asia equity', 'new tools', 'capital markets', 'large range', 'product range', 'two issuers', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'adult entertainment', 'nuclear power', 'military weapons', 'civilian firearms', 'thermal coal', 'sheer size', 'low demand', 'Hong Kong', 'negative screening', 'class selection', 'Matthieu Guignard', 'product development', 'asset classes', 'CTB) indices', '€825m acquisition', 'first quarter', 'Related articles', 'government bonds', 'South Korea', '1,200 issuers', 'OUU', 'ACUU', 'TERs', 'investors', 'access', 'alcohol', 'tobacco', 'gambling', 'GMO', 'beast', 'BlackRock', 'DWS', 'exposure', 'ability', 'November', 'plans', 'Country', 'Singapore', 'China', 'Indonesia', 'Malaysia', 'Philippines', 'Taiwan', '400 stocks', 'weighting', 'end', 'March', 'companies', 'SFDR', 'group', 'assets', 'PAB', 'Q1', 'Lyxor']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,etfstream.com
3131,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.etfstream.com/features/russia-etf-suspensions-spark-fresh-calls-for-european-exchange-harmonisation/,Russia ETF suspensions spark fresh calls for European exchange harmonisation,15 hours ago,Russia ETF suspensions spark fresh calls for European exchange harmonisationThe same ETFs were left trading in one part of Europe while suspended in anotherThe case for harmonisation across European exchanges has been made again following a chaotic few weeks for the ETF market after the Russian invasion of Ukraine.Fragmentation has long been a concern across the European ETF landscape and the multilateral structure faced yet more tests at the end of February after the west unleashed a wave of economic sanctions on Russia leading to the temporary closure of the Moscow Stock Exchange.A dramatic sequence of events unravelled that first saw issuers suspend creation and redemption orders on their Russian equity ETFs  followed by exchanges globally halting trading on the products  shutting off the secondary market and leaving them in an “unprecedented position”.However  the speed at which European exchanges took action differed across the continent  meaning ETFs were left being able to trade in one part of Europe and not in another  despite experiencing the same volatile market conditions.For example  Six Swiss Exchange suspended trading on four ETFs on 8 March  four days later than Euronext  Borsa Italiana  Deutsche Boerse and the London Stock Exchange (LSE).Behavioural differencesJim Goldie  head of capital markets  EMEA  and indexed strategies  at Invesco  which runs the Invesco RDX UCITS ETF (RDXS) listed on the LSE and Borsa Italiana  said the initially inconsistent view taken by listing venues on the continuous trading of the products disrupted the bid/offer quotes market makers were able to offer.“Market makers will normally quote fairly consistently between individual listings of the same fund and from an issuers perspective we do not differentiate between venues when analysing spreads/quotes between listings ” he said.“The obvious caveat recently was with regards to Russia-focused ETFs when listing venues initially did not adopt a consistent view on the continuous trading of the impacted products. However  this was an incredibly rare market event and the dynamics were changing very quickly  so determining how to treat these listings was far from the standard course of business.”Goldie added Invesco was in constant engagement with the exchanges and that its suspension request was granted by the exchanges on the same day.However  the same cannot be said for four ETFs listed on Six Swiss  comprising the iShares MSCI Russia ADR/GDR UCITS ETF (CSRU)  the iShares MSCI Eastern Europe Capped UCITS ETF (IEER)  the HSBC MSCI Russia Capped UCITS ETF (HRUB) and the Lyxor MSCI Russia UCITS ETF (RUSE).What next as Russia ETFs remain in unchartered territory?Frank Mohr  global head of ETF sales trading at Société Générale  said overall volatility caused by the Russia-Ukraine shows the mechanisms and the infrastructure of the ETF ecosystem is solid  but that it highlighted the need for more harmonisation across exchanges.“The Russian invasion boosted volatility  but it showed the products are good. We were working very closely with issuers and the exchanges ” he said.“However  I would like to see an improvement in the different behaviours on exchanges. You have different rules and regulations whether in Frankfurt  London or Switzerland. It could be a good idea to cooperate more and align more on a European basis.”A similar issue occurred as the rapid spread of coronavirus spooked markets in March 2020. Peak volatility led to an average of around 3 000 circuit breakers – temporary trading suspensions – affecting ETFs daily across the major European exchanges. With a different set of rules for each exchange  cross-listed ETFs were suspended at different times.The scale of fragmentation across the European market is stark. Europe has over 80 issuers operating across 30 exchanges in 25 countries and 13 currencies  according to data from Blackwater Search & Advisory.Broadly speaking the main exchanges will follow similar approaches but may have slight differences regarding listing processes  market-making incentives  auction mechanisms  minimum quote and spread thresholds.In the case of Russia and the coronavirus volatility  each exchange will be reacting subject to its own set of rules and national or European law.For example  Six Swiss Exchange told ETF Stream there are several mechanisms under which exchanges will cooperate  but in the context of Russia  exchanges are not taking unilateral decisions but are reacting to direction from relevant authorities.A spokesperson for Six Swiss said: “The exchanges do not need to align as they are reliant on national authorities to impose restrictions  which may differ due to national circumstances  political decisions and implementation timelines.“This is not fragmentation. It is organisations implementing restrictions as imposed by authorities. If investors chose to restrict activity which goes further than any legal sanction that is perfectly legitimate but is an individual organisations choice.”Euronext  Deutsche Boerse and the London Stock Exchange declined to comment.Driven off marketGoldie added some exchanges have taken measures – such as adjusting their auction mechanisms for ETPs – to promote a harmonised ecosystem where possible and noted the acquisition of Borsa Italiana by Euronext should also help.“As an industry  we continue to work closely with the exchange venues to identify areas where we can continue to enhance the ecosystem for trading ETPs ” he continued. “The recent acquisition of Borsa Italiana by Euronext should also bring about some synergies in this regard.”Despite this  he said the nature of the European market means fragmentation is unavoidable while the perceived lack of liquidity created only drives investors to trade over-the-counter (OTC).The majority of trades are done OTC  and because of this combined with fragmentation  there is no consolidated tape making true transparency elusive.Mohr said: “A common understanding or behaviour could help be even more efficient in the pricing of the products. In the end  nobody wants to see no price.“We would like to quote and it is always our intention to show a price even when it is widespread and leave it to the investors to buy or sell. Every exchange has a different setup and rules to fulfil  alignment could be helpful.”Goldie added: “Without a consolidated tape in Europe  it is very difficult for investors to have an aggregated view of secondary market trading volumes in ETPs versus what has been standard practice in the US for many years.“This is something the industry is engaging heavily on with trade associations and policymakers to showcase the true tradability of European ETPs. An EU consolidated tape would bring a whole host of benefits that would increase investor confidence and allow for more ETP volume to be traded on exchange.”Related articles,neutral,0.05,0.71,0.24,mixed,0.14,0.1,0.77,True,English,"['Russia ETF suspensions', 'European exchange harmonisation', 'fresh calls', 'iShares MSCI Eastern Europe Capped UCITS ETF', 'iShares MSCI Russia ADR/GDR UCITS ETF', 'Société Générale', 'Lyxor MSCI Russia UCITS ETF', 'Invesco RDX UCITS ETF', 'bid/offer quotes market makers', 'same volatile market conditions', 'HSBC MSCI Russia', 'Russia ETF suspensions', 'European ETF landscape', 'ETF sales trading', 'rare market event', 'Moscow Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'temporary trading suspensions', 'Six Swiss Exchange', 'individual organisations choice', 'Russian equity ETFs', 'major European exchanges', 'European exchange harmonisation', 'ETF market', 'ETF ecosystem', 'ETF Stream', 'European market', 'secondary market', 'Russia ETFs', 'temporary closure', 'same fund', 'same day', 'same ETFs', 'European basis', 'European law', 'Russian invasion', 'continuous trading', 'fresh calls', 'one part', 'multilateral structure', 'economic sanctions', 'dramatic sequence', 'redemption orders', 'unprecedented position', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Behavioural differences', 'indexed strategies', 'inconsistent view', 'obvious caveat', 'standard course', 'constant engagement', 'suspension request', 'unchartered territory', 'Frank Mohr', 'different behaviours', 'good idea', 'similar issue', 'rapid spread', '3,000 circuit breakers', 'different times', 'Blackwater Search', 'similar approaches', 'slight differences', 'listing processes', 'market-making incentives', 'minimum quote', 'spread thresholds', 'unilateral decisions', 'political decisions', 'implementation timelines', 'legal sanction', 'four ETFs', 'Russia-focused ETFs', 'cross-listed ETFs', 'individual listings', 'overall volatility', 'Peak volatility', 'listing venues', 'auction mechanisms', 'several mechanisms', 'relevant authorities', 'national circumstances', 'Jim Goldie', 'capital markets', 'global head', 'different set', 'main exchanges', 'national authorities', 'different rules', 'issuers perspective', 'coronavirus volatility', '30 exchanges', '80 issuers', 'case', 'chaotic', 'Ukraine', 'Fragmentation', 'concern', 'tests', 'end', 'February', 'west', 'wave', 'events', 'creation', 'products', 'speed', 'action', 'continent', 'example', '8 March', 'Euronext', 'LSE', 'EMEA', 'RDXS', 'spreads/quotes', 'regards', 'dynamics', 'business', 'CSRU', 'IEER', 'HRUB', 'RUSE', 'infrastructure', 'need', 'improvement', 'regulations', 'Frankfurt', 'Switzerland', 'average', 'scale', '25 countries', '13 currencies', 'data', 'Advisory', 'context', 'direction', 'spokesperson', 'restrictions', 'investors', 'activity']",2022-04-18,2022-04-19,etfstream.com
3132,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/nasdaq-inc-stock-underperforms-monday-when-compared-to-competitors-01650316147-a07c5a702dc5,Nasdaq Inc. stock underperforms Monday when compared to competitors,23 hours ago,Shares of Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ  +1.51% slumped 0.12% to $178.34 Monday  on what proved to be an all-around grim trading session for the stock market  with the S&P 500 Index SPX  +1.61% falling 0.02% to 4 391.69 and Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA  +1.45% falling 0.11% to 34 411.69. This was the stock's second consecutive day of losses. Nasdaq Inc. closed $36.62 short of its 52-week high ($214.96)  which the company reached on November 5th.The stock demonstrated a mixed performance when compared to some of its competitors Monday  as Hong Kong Exchanges & Clearing Ltd. ADR HKXCY  -2.16% rose 0.41% to $43.34  CME Group Inc. Cl A CME  -0.91% fell 0.60% to $236.24  and Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY  -1.72% fell 0.77% to $18.00. Trading volume (445 261) remained 368 417 below its 50-day average volume of 813 678.Editor's Note: This story was auto-generated by Automated Insights  an automation technology provider  using data from Dow Jones and FactSet. See our market data terms of use.,negative,0.01,0.06,0.92,negative,0.01,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Nasdaq Inc. stock', 'competitors', 'CME Group Inc. Cl A CME', 'Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA', 'S&P 500 Index SPX', '50-day average volume', 'Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ', 'second consecutive day', 'Hong Kong Exchanges', 'automation technology provider', 'grim trading session', 'market data terms', 'ADR HKXCY', 'Trading volume', '52-week high', 'November 5th', 'mixed performance', 'Clearing Ltd', 'Automated Insights', 'stock market', 'Shares', 'Monday', 'around', 'losses', 'company', 'competitors', 'Editor', 'Note', 'story', 'FactSet', 'use']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,marketwatch.com
3133,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/european-stocks-close-lower-on-growth-worries-rising-tensions-in-ukraine,European Stocks Close Lower On Growth Worries  Rising Tensions In Ukraine,4 hours ago,"(RTTNews) - European stocks closed lower on Tuesday as escalating tensions in Russia-Ukraine conflict  worries about growth and looming monetary tightening by central banks including the Federal Reserve  rendered the mood bearish.The International Monetary Fund has lowered its forecast for global economic growth by nearly a full percentage point  citing ""seismic waves"" from Russia's invasion and the ""clear and present danger"" of inflation in many countries.The pan European Stoxx 600 drifted down 0.77%  the U.K.'s FTSE ended 0.2% down  Germany's DAX edged down 0.07% and France's CAC 40 dropped 0.83%  while Switzerland's SMI tumbled 1.55%.Among other markets in Europe  Belgium  Czech Republic  Iceland  Ireland  Netherlands  Norway  Poland  Portugal and Russia ended on a weak note.Austria  Denmark and Spain edged down marginally  while Finland  Greece  Sweden and Turkey closed higher.In the UK market  ICP ended 4.55% down. ITV  Informa  JD Sports Fashion  Rentokil  Intertek Group  Diageo  Croda International  ABRDN and RightMove lost 2 to 4%.Smith & Nephew rallied 3.3%. Royal Mail  Ferguson  Rolls-Royce Holdings  Smurfit Kappa Group  Glencore  Shell and Tesco gained 1.5 to 3%.In the French market  Teleperformance and Hermes International both ended lower by more than 3%. LO'real  Pernod Ricard and Veolia shed 2 to 2.8%. Airbus Group  Capgemini  Air Liquide and Essilor also ended notably lower.Atos  Accor  Renault  Valeo  Societe Generale  Carrefour  STMicroElectronics and Bouygues gained 1.5 to 3%.In Germany  Sartorius  Merck  Symrise  Deutsche Boerse  Qiagen and Brenntag lost 2 to 4.4%. Vonovia  Henkel  Bayer and Munich RE also posted sharp losses.HelloFresh  Continental  Infineon Technologies and Volkswagen gained 3 to 4%. Covestro and BMW climbed 2.8% and 2.4%  respectively. HeidelbergCement  Adidas  Daimler and BASF also closed notably higher.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq  Inc.",negative,0.03,0.21,0.76,negative,0.02,0.19,0.79,True,English,"['European Stocks', 'Growth Worries', 'Rising Tensions', 'Ukraine', 'The International Monetary Fund', 'looming monetary tightening', 'full percentage point', 'JD Sports Fashion', 'pan European Stoxx', 'Smurfit Kappa Group', 'global economic growth', 'Croda International', 'Hermes International', 'European stocks', 'Intertek Group', 'Airbus Group', 'escalating tensions', 'Russia-Ukraine conflict', 'central banks', 'Federal Reserve', 'seismic waves', 'present danger', 'many countries', 'U.K.', 'other markets', 'Czech Republic', 'weak note', 'UK market', 'Royal Mail', 'Rolls-Royce Holdings', 'French market', 'Pernod Ricard', 'Air Liquide', 'Societe Generale', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Munich RE', 'sharp losses', 'Infineon Technologies', 'RTTNews', 'Tuesday', 'worries', 'mood', 'forecast', 'invasion', 'clear', 'inflation', 'FTSE', 'Germany', 'DAX', 'France', 'CAC', 'Switzerland', 'Belgium', 'Iceland', 'Ireland', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Poland', 'Portugal', 'Austria', 'Denmark', 'Spain', 'Finland', 'Greece', 'Sweden', 'Turkey', 'ICP', 'ITV', 'Informa', 'Rentokil', 'Diageo', 'ABRDN', 'RightMove', 'Smith', 'Nephew', 'Ferguson', 'Glencore', 'Shell', 'Tesco', 'Teleperformance', 'Veolia', 'Capgemini', 'Essilor', 'Atos', 'Accor', 'Renault', 'Valeo', 'Carrefour', 'STMicroElectronics', 'Bouygues', 'Sartorius', 'Merck', 'Symrise', 'Qiagen', 'Brenntag', 'Vonovia', 'Henkel', 'Bayer', 'HelloFresh', 'Continental', 'Volkswagen', 'Covestro', 'BMW', 'HeidelbergCement', 'Adidas', 'Daimler', 'BASF', 'views', 'opinions', 'author', 'Nasdaq', 'Inc']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,nasdaq.com
3134,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.financialexecutives.org/FEI-Daily/April-2022/Why-Technology-Companies-Must-Navigate-Muddy-Water.aspx,Why Technology Companies Must Navigate Muddy Waters of ESG Requirements,9 hours ago,The need for more corporate responsibility has evolved for today’s corporations and the next generation of business leaders in the form of environmental  social and governance (ESG). Investors  activists  and regulators are now requiring proactive  community-structured commitment and accountability that is designed to step above shareholder returns.Today’s global capital markets aren’t interested in more marketing from companies in every industry. Instead  they are demanding sustainability and eco-friendly business practices as well as a reasonable return. Global technology companies and their executives are now hearing this call  and the industry is being more proactive in this movement.Why are ESG standards needed?Although ESG metrics are still trying to find their proper place in today’s standardized financial reporting  that hasn’t stopped technology companies and other industry institutions from making promises and illustrating the proactive nature of their ESG standards.What’s needed at this critical step is the ability for companies across all industries to truly quantify their company’s present position relative to investor objectives of integration  values  and impact in the areas of governance over environmental and social contexts. American stakeholders AND shareholders aren’t interested in window dressing and empty promises only for the benefit of a feel-good investor report. They want to know that companies are holding themselves accountable to the promises and commitments they’re making in these key areas.Proxy Advisors making unfair pressuresMany technology companies  specifically  have felt their fair share of pressure into adopting more ESG-forward practices. Whether through a reduction of plastic carrier bag usage or gender pay gap reporting  shareholders have certainly brought pressure on a large number of technology companies over their supply chain strategies  environmental and sustainability impacts  and certainly gender-diverse practices. This focus has led to a significant overhaul of many business processes alongside the appointment of a new addition to the C-Suite – the Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO). Other companies inside and out of technology continuously look at leaders in this movement and have started to replicate their operational changes.However  making promises about ESG commitments and holding true to them are apparently two different stories for some. Many companies are being pushed into making ESG improvements and commitments  especially through institutional investors and oversight organizations such as Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS).This has led some to wonder if these proxy advisors have become too focused on ESG issues  have conflicted  and have broadly too much power over the operation of America’s largest technology companies.ISS hypocrisy over ESG requirementsAs an example  ISS talks a big game on the issue of Diversity and Inclusion. ISS demanded publicly traded companies disclose the ethnicity of each and every member of their board of directors. More recently  ISS has been accused of refusing to recommend voting for board slates that they allege do not contain enough ‘diverse’ representation.However  it appears that ISS lacks representation from even a single person of color. Moreover  it does not appear that ISS's two corporate owners---Genstar Capital and Deutsche Boerse---have even a single person of color on their executive teams. This is troubling given the fact that they have claimed Diversity  Equity  and Inclusion is a priority and have asked publicly traded companies and technology companies to make commitments towards those ends. Standards are not only needed  they must be adhered to at all levels.Technology companies have a chance to serve as modelsDespite the hypocrisy demonstrated by organizations such as ISS  technology companies have the opportunity to truly bring about change – not just in their marketing but in the way they go about doing business. In fact  as business models have had to adapt to this new landscape and changed customer behaviors  there has been evidence of the incorporation of ESG elements across the technology industry.These moves recognize it is not solely about making money and preserving the bottom line  but that technology companies have been working toward having a positive societal impact. There is no doubt that these newly implemented strategies have the potential to drive increased valuations  which pushes up the appetite of investors  but that they also attract more qualified people into technology companies who are extremely committed to the corporate cause.As more technology companies focus on staying committed to their ESG promises  everyone will win in the end  including customers  stakeholders  investors  the environment  and certainly employees. These companies will truly serve as models of operation in the future. But we must move beyond just promises and commitments  a new set of ESG standards must be developed to level the playing field of reporting.Rashida Salahuddin is the President & CEO of The Corporate Citizenship Project.,neutral,0.03,0.66,0.31,mixed,0.13,0.15,0.71,True,English,"['Technology Companies', 'Muddy Waters', 'ESG Requirements', 'plastic carrier bag usage', 'gender pay gap reporting', 'two different stories', 'standardized financial reporting', 'proactive, community-structured commitment', 'global capital markets', 'good investor report', 'two corporate owners', 'supply chain strategies', 'Chief Sustainability Officer', 'Institutional Shareholder Services', 'enough ‘diverse’ representation', 'positive societal impact', 'many business processes', 'eco-friendly business practices', 'other industry institutions', 'Global technology companies', 'largest technology companies', 'Many technology companies', 'Many companies', 'shareholder returns', 'proactive nature', 'investor objectives', 'Genstar Capital', 'Other companies', 'corporate responsibility', 'ESG-forward practices', 'gender-diverse practices', 'corporate cause', 'next generation', 'reasonable return', 'proper place', 'critical step', 'present position', 'window dressing', 'Proxy Advisors', 'unfair pressures', 'fair share', 'large number', 'sustainability impacts', 'significant overhaul', 'new addition', 'operational changes', 'big game', 'single person', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'executive teams', 'new landscape', 'customer behaviors', 'bottom line', 'qualified people', 'new set', 'playing field', 'Rashida Salahuddin', 'ESG metrics', 'ESG improvements', 'ESG issues', 'ESG requirements', 'ESG elements', 'technology industry', 'institutional investors', 'business leaders', 'ESG standards', 'business models', 'social contexts', 'American stakeholders', 'key areas', 'oversight organizations', 'board slates', 'empty promises', 'ESG promises', 'ESG commitments', 'ISS hypocrisy', 'need', 'today', 'corporations', 'form', 'governance', 'activists', 'regulators', 'accountability', 'marketing', 'executives', 'call', 'movement', 'industries', 'company', 'integration', 'values', 'environmental', 'shareholders', 'benefit', 'reduction', 'focus', 'appointment', 'C-Suite', 'CSO', 'power', 'example', 'Diversity', 'Inclusion', 'ethnicity', 'member', 'directors', 'voting', 'color', 'fact', 'Equity', 'priority', 'ends', 'levels', 'chance', 'opportunity', 'way', 'evidence', 'incorporation', 'moves', 'money', 'doubt', 'potential', 'valuations', 'appetite', 'everyone', 'customers', 'employees', 'future', 'Presi']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,financialexecutives.org
3135,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/germany-stocks-mixed-at-close-of-trade-dax-down-007-2806241,Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX down 0.07% By Investing.com,3 hours ago,© Reuters. Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX down 0.07%Investing.com – Germany stocks were mixed after the close on Tuesday  as gains in the   and sectors led shares higher while losses in the   and sectors led shares lower.At the close in Frankfurt  the lost 0.07%  while the index climbed 0.18%  and the index added 0.26%.The best performers of the session on the were Continental AG O.N. (ETR: )  which rose 3.91% or 2.48 points to trade at 65.98 at the close. Meanwhile  HelloFresh SE (ETR: ) added 3.37% or 1.28 points to end at 39.22 and Daimler Truck Holding AG (ETR: ) was up 3.26% or 0.77 points to 24.52 in late trade.The worst performers of the session were Merck KGaA (ETR: )  which fell 3.74% or 7.00 points to trade at 179.95 at the close. Deutsche Boerse AG (ETR: ) declined 2.70% or 4.55 points to end at 163.80 and Vonovia SE (ETR: ) was down 2.00% or 0.80 points to 39.13.The top performers on the MDAX were Jungheinrich AG O.N.VZO (ETR: ) which rose 3.87% to 24.16  Duerr AG (ETR: ) which was up 2.81% to settle at 24.86 and Siemens Energy AG (ETR: ) which gained 2.81% to close at 19.56.The worst performers were Hypoport AG (ETR: ) which was down 9.83% to 319.20 in late trade  K&S AG (ETR: ) which lost 3.39% to settle at 34.16 and Grand City Properties SA (ETR: ) which was down 2.18% to 17.51 at the close.The top performers on the TecDAX were Nordex SE O.N. (ETR: ) which rose 3.38% to 16.51  Infineon Technologies AG NA O.N. (ETR: ) which was up 3.07% to settle at 27.68 and Aixtron SE (ETR: ) which gained 2.71% to close at 23.12.The worst performers were Sartorius AG VZO O.N. (ETR: ) which was down 1.91% to 374.80 in late trade  Morphosys AG O.N. (ETR: ) which lost 1.86% to settle at 23.68 and CompuGroup Medical AG O.N. (ETR: ) which was down 1.62% to 54.75 at the close.Rising stocks outnumbered declining ones on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange by 356 to 339 and 74 ended unchanged.Shares in Hypoport AG (ETR: ) fell to 52-week lows; down 9.83% or 34.80 to 319.20.The   which measures the implied volatility of DAX options  was up 3.61% to 26.08.Gold Futures for June delivery was down 1.36% or 27.00 to $1 959.40 a troy ounce. Elsewhere in commodities trading  Crude oil for delivery in June fell 4.96% or 5.34 to hit $102.27 a barrel  while the June Brent oil contract fell 5.10% or 5.77 to trade at $107.39 a barrel.EUR/USD was unchanged 0.19% to 1.08  while EUR/GBP unchanged 0.22% to 0.83.The US Dollar Index Futures was up 0.12% at 100.89.,neutral,0.02,0.8,0.18,negative,0.01,0.16,0.83,True,English,"['Germany stocks', 'Investing.com', 'close', 'trade', 'DAX', 'Infineon Technologies AG NA O.N.', 'Jungheinrich AG O.N.VZO', 'Sartorius AG VZO O.N.', 'CompuGroup Medical AG O.N.', 'The US Dollar Index Futures', 'Continental AG O.N.', 'Morphosys AG O.N.', 'Grand City Properties SA', 'Nordex SE O.N.', 'Daimler Truck Holding AG', 'June Brent oil contract', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'Siemens Energy AG', 'K&S AG', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Duerr AG', 'Hypoport AG', 'Gold Futures', 'Crude oil', 'HelloFresh SE', 'Vonovia SE', 'Aixtron SE', 'Germany stocks', 'best performers', 'worst performers', 'Merck KGaA', 'top performers', 'Rising stocks', '52-week lows', 'troy ounce', 'commodities trading', 'June delivery', 'late trade', 'DAX options', 'Reuters', 'close', 'Tuesday', 'gains', 'sectors', 'shares', 'losses', 'session', 'ETR', '1.28 points', 'MDAX', 'TecDAX', 'implied', 'volatility', 'EUR/USD', 'EUR/GBP', '©', '2.48', '0.77', '00', '4.', '0.80']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,investing.com
3136,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.gurufocus.com/news/1688098/eplay-digital-and-trivver-partner-to-deliver-metaverse-advertising,ePlay Digital and Trivver Partner to Deliver Metaverse ...,9 hours ago,"Klocked World Metaverse can now display dynamic virtual reality and augmented reality adsVANCOUVER  BC / ACCESSWIRE / April 19  2022 / ePlay Digital Inc . (CSE:EPY) (OTC PINK:EPYFF) (FSE:2NY2) (the ""Company"") today announced a monetization partnership with Trivver to bring dynamic virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) advertising and NFT's directly into Klocked World. The award-winning Klocked mobile app  the upcoming Klocked Sports Network  and Klocked World are now monetized with VR and AR ads  in addition to in-app purchases.The Klocked Platform is an immersive  multiplayer sports world featuring phenomenal maps  fully customizable avatars  inspiring workouts  and phenomenal experiences. The Klocked metaverse experience is exceptional and the advertising approach requires seamless integration matching the sports metaverse ePlay created.Advertisers can now place NFT's and 3D advertisements (buildings  signage  stadiums  objects  etc.) dynamically with ePlay and those advertisements can display across ePlay's inventory. ePlay's Klocked Platform is the first to enable XR advertising  Howie's Games   Fan Freak   and Big Shot games will be enabled later this Spring.Existing Trivver advertisers in categories such as electronics  apparel  beverages  auto  restaurants  sports and more can place ads in Klocked starting today.""We are absolutely thrilled to be working with ePlay "" says Trivver founder and CEO Joel LaMontagne. ""Klocked's sports world should prove attractive to brands looking to reach audiences in new and unique ways. With Trivver's 3D ad exchange integrated within Klocked World's immersive content  we welcome being able to easily deploy 3D ads  personalize experiences and report truly granular data analytics that serve to maximize advertiser return on investment.""ePlay brings the award-winning Klocked Sports World Advanced Metaverse Platform and other ePlay Digital intellectual property to the Trivver. ePlay's portfolio of games and apps include 7-time NBA champion Robert Horry  comedian and producer Howie Mandel  and Olympic Decathlete Michael Smith. ePlay has created the Klocked World of Sports that integrates the 15 title portfolio  including the award-winning Klocked app  Howie Go Viral  and Big Shot Basketball into the companies metaverse platform.""We are thrilled to be working with Trivver to enable ePlay Digital to further monetize and innovate our sports and entertainment worlds with advanced metaverse technologies "" says Trevor Doerksen  CEO of ePlay Digital.Trivver is designed for brands to reach audiences in authentic and immersive ways matching the quality and immersion of the metaverse the ads are displayed.Transition To Full CommercializationThe addition of advertising revenue to ePlay's virtual worlds such as Klocked is part of the transition of the company from start-up to full commercialization. The transition to full commercialization requires multiple revenue models with each product moving to full monetization. Revenue models include 1.in-app registration fees and digital goods  2.advertising  3.subscription  and 4.NFTs. Klocked already offers in-app fees and digital goods. The Trivver partnership unlocks brand new advertising revenues. Development of subscriptions and NFT's is underway. Full commercialization also requires release on multiple platforms including Android  smart watch  smart TV  iPad  etc.1Q2022 Actual Marketing ROIIn the first quarter  Klocked and Fan Freak  ePlay's newest apps featuring significantly higher in-app average transaction fees generated modest new revenue for the company based on carefully managed marketing campaigns. After 3 months  the company can also announce that the average transaction value for Fan Freak and Klocked is over $20 - significantly higher than global mobile app average. In addition  for every $1.00 spent acquiring new users  Fan Freak earned $2.50 and Klocked earned $1.32 with in-app purchases. These figures  plus potential from new celebrity-driven campaigns and new revenue streams  such as advertising  subscription  and NFTs create a technical and marketing road map for full commercialization.Klocked Sports Science Platform is now available in the free Klocked App .About TrivverTrivver is a cutting-edge ad technology that makes promoting and selling brands in the 3D/AR/VR world simple  smart and effective. To learn more about Trivver's ad tools  please [email protected] or visit www.trivver.com .About ePlayePlay Digital Inc. is a mobile game creator and publisher specializing in sports  esports and entertainment augmented reality titles  including the award-winning augmented reality running app  Klocked.run   sports gaming app Fan Freak   flagship title Big Shot Basketball and Howie Mandel mobile game collaboration - HowiesGames.com . ePlay is operated by an award-winning team of sports  gaming and eSports leaders as well as broadcast and digital technology industry experts  software engineers and athletes who have brought dozens of game titles to market for companies including Time Warner Cable  ESPN  Sony Pictures  AXS TV  Intel  AXN  Fiat  CBS  and others.ePlay's wholly-owned subsidiary Mobovivo specializes in augmented reality  mobile game  Web3  and metaverse development.ePlay Released GamesHowie Go Viral - iOS / AndroidOutbreak ES - iOSOutbreak Unlimited - iOS / AndroidSwishAR ES - iOSSwishAR - iOS / AndroidBig Shot Basketball - iOS / AndroidBig Swish - iOSBig Shot Swish ES - iOSKlocked Augmented Reality Fitness App - Klocked.meFan Freak Sports AppFurther InformationFurther details are available under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and the Company's profile on the CSE's website at www.thecse.com/For further media information  or to set up an interview  please contact:ePlay Digital Inc.(310) 684-3857‬E-mail: [email protected]Website: www.eplaydigital.comCanadian Securities Exchange (CSE): Symbol EPYDeutsche Boerse Xetra - Frankfurt Stock Exchange: Symbol 2NY2; WKN: A2AN4D; ISIN CA26885W1041SOURCE: ePlay Digital Inc.View source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/697881/ePlay-Digital-and-Trivver-Partner-to-Deliver-Metaverse-Advertising",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.73,0.26,0.01,True,English,"['ePlay Digital', 'Trivver Partner', 'Metaverse', 'winning augmented reality running app', 'other ePlay Digital intellectual property', 'Klocked Sports World Advanced Metaverse Platform', 'Howie Mandel mobile game collaboration', 'Olympic Decathlete Michael Smith', 'global mobile app average', 'sports gaming app Fan Freak', 'digital technology industry experts', 'winning Klocked mobile app', 'app average transaction fees', 'upcoming Klocked Sports Network', 'The Klocked metaverse experience', 'Klocked Sports Science Platform', 'entertainment augmented reality titles', 'brand new advertising revenues', 'immersive, multiplayer sports world', 'advanced metaverse technologies', 'mobile game creator', 'average transaction value', 'app registration fees', 'The Klocked Platform', 'cutting-edge ad technology', 'dynamic virtual reality', 'granular data analytics', '7-time NBA champion', 'Big Shot Basketball', 'Time Warner Cable', 'companies metaverse platform', 'free Klocked App', 'Howie Go Viral', 'Actual Marketing ROI', 'marketing road map', 'augmented reality ads', 'Klocked World Metaverse', 'modest new revenue', 'new revenue streams', 'new celebrity-driven campaigns', '3D ad exchange', 'sports metaverse ePlay', 'award-winning Klocked app', 'Big Shot games', 'multiple revenue models', 'ePlay Digital Inc', 'The Trivver partnership', 'Existing Trivver advertisers', 'app fees', 'game titles', 'app purchases', 'marketing campaigns', 'entertainment worlds', 'digital goods', '3D/AR/VR world', 'immersive content', 'immersive ways', 'virtual worlds', 'new users', 'ad tools', 'monetization partnership', 'multiple platforms', 'Klocked.run', '3D ads', 'OTC PINK', 'AR) advertising', 'phenomenal maps', 'customizable avatars', 'inspiring workouts', 'advertising approach', 'seamless integration', 'XR advertising', 'Joel LaMontagne', 'unique ways', 'advertiser return', 'Robert Horry', 'Trevor Doerksen', 'Full Commercialization', 'full monetization', 'smart watch', 'smart TV', 'first quarter', 'flagship title', 'award-winning team', 'software engineers', '3D advertisements', 'AR ads', 'phenomenal experiences', '15 title portfolio', 'newest apps', 'eSports leaders', 'Trivver founder', 'VANCOUVER', 'BC', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'CSE', 'EPY', 'FSE', '2NY', 'Company', 'NFT', 'addition', 'buildings', 'signage', 'stadiums', 'objects', 'inventory', 'categories', 'electronics', 'apparel', 'beverages', 'auto', 'restaurants', 'CEO', 'brands', 'audiences', 'investment', 'comedian', 'producer', 'authentic', 'quality', 'immersion', 'Transition', 'start-up', 'product', 'subscription', 'Development', 'release', 'Android', 'iPad', '1Q2022', '3 months', 'figures', 'technical', 'publisher', 'HowiesGames', 'broadcast', 'athletes', 'dozens', 'ESPN']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,gurufocus.com
3137,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://uk.sports.yahoo.com/news/sfc-energy-signs-india-agreement-053003870.html,SFC Energy signs 'Make in India' Agreement and launches EFOY Hydrogen Platform with its Cooperation Partner FC TecNrgy in India,15 hours ago,"DGAP-News: SFC Energy AG / Key word(s): AgreementSFC Energy signs 'Make in India' Agreement and launches EFOY Hydrogen Platform with its Cooperation Partner FC TecNrgy in IndiaThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.SFC Energy AG - Press release SFC Energy signs ""Make in India"" Agreement and launches EFOY Hydrogen Platform with its Cooperation Partner FC TecNrgy in India Brunnthal/Munich  Germany  April 19  2022 - SFC Energy AG (F3C:DE  ISIN: DE0007568578)  a leading supplier of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells for stationary and mobile hybrid power solutions  reaches another milestone in its communicated growth strategy. As part of the further internationalization of its business  SFC Energy signs the ""Make in India"" agreement today with its longtime partner FC TecNrgy Pvt Ltd (FCTec). ""Make in India"" is an initiative of the Indian government to encourage companies to manufacture and sell their products in the domestic market. SFC Energy has already been cooperating with its partner FCTec since 2014 and will from now on jointly manufacture all components of its EFOY Hydrogen and EFOY Methanol fuel cells as well as energy solutions also in India. The EFOY Hydrogen 2.5 is a modular hydrogen fuel cell solution that meets the highest demands of professional users. As an emission-free replacement for diesel generators  the EFOY Hydrogen offers an innovative solution to a wide range of user industries that can be easily adapted to any application. Compared to a conventional diesel generator  for example  a 5 kW hydrogen fuel cell energy solution saves up to 45.6 tons of CO 2 based on an assumed annual demand of 43 800 kilowatt hours (kWh). This corresponds to the driving performance of a diesel-powered car of about 250 000 kilometers. The product portfolio will be available in a power range from currently 50 kW to perspectively 500 kW. SFC Energy is thus tapping into the great potential of a dynamically growing market for environmentally friendly power generation solutions. Most recently  India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi reaffirmed the country's ambitious climate protection targets. By 2070  India is aiming for net zero emissions and a 45% cut by 2030. The use of green hydrogen as an energy carrier will play a decisive role in this. The National Hydrogen Energy Mission is a broad-based program to promote this  with an estimated investment of USD 44 billion by 2030. ""We want to expand our presence in India and contribute our deep expertise in hydrogen and related technologies to achieve the ambitious climate protection targets. We are grateful and honored for the opportunity to contribute to this objective. EFOY fuel cells enable efficient and emission-free power generation for a wide power range and numerous applications. Together with our long-term partner FCTec we share the vision of a climate-neutral industrial society and the conviction to be a success factor of the global energy transition "" says Dr Peter Podesser  CEO of SFC Energy AG. ""We are very proud to be one of the first Indian companies to implement and drive the National Hydrogen Energy Mission with a German partner. In our many years of cooperation  we have so far received consistently positive feedback for our solutions from users in a wide range of industries and are convinced that we can add another chapter to this success story "" says Colonel Karandeep Singh (retd.)  Managing Director of FC TecNrgy Pvt Ltd. For more information on SFC Energy's Clean Energy and Clean Power Management solutions  visit sfc.com.About SFC Energy AGSFC Energy AG is a leading provider of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells for stationary and mobile hybrid power solutions. With the Clean Energy and Clean Power Management business segments  SFC Energy is a sustainably profitable fuel cell producer. The Company distributes its award-winning products worldwide and has sold more than 55 000 fuel cells to date. The Company is headquartered in Brunnthal/Munich and operates production facilities in Germany  the Netherlands  Romania  and Canada. SFC Energy AG is listed on the Deutsche Boerse Prime Standard (GSIN: 756857  ISIN: DE0007568578). SFC Press Contact:Jens JüttnerTel. +49 89 125 09 03-32Email: jens.juettner@sfc.comWeb: sfc.com SFC IR Contact:Susan HoffmeisterTel. +49 89 125 09 03-33Email: susan.hoffmeister@sfc.comWeb: sfc.com19.04.2022 Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by DGAP - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The DGAP Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.dgap.de",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.73,0.24,0.03,True,English,"['Cooperation Partner FC TecNrgy', 'EFOY Hydrogen Platform', 'SFC Energy', 'India', 'Agreement', 'longtime partner FC TecNrgy Pvt Ltd', '5 kW hydrogen fuel cell energy solution', 'environmentally friendly power generation solutions', 'modular hydrogen fuel cell solution', 'Clean Power Management business segments', 'The National Hydrogen Energy Mission', 'profitable fuel cell producer', 'Prime Minister Narendra Modi', 'ambitious climate protection targets', 'Deutsche Boerse Prime Standard', 'Cooperation Partner FC TecNrgy', 'mobile hybrid power solutions', 'Clean Power Management solutions', 'The DGAP Distribution Services', 'EFOY Methanol fuel cells', 'emission-free power generation', 'EFOY fuel cells', 'The EFOY Hydrogen', 'net zero emissions', 'climate-neutral industrial society', 'Dr Peter Podesser', 'Colonel Karandeep Singh', 'EQS Group AG', 'EFOY Hydrogen Platform', 'global energy transition', 'conventional diesel generator', 'Jens Jüttner', 'wide power range', 'SFC IR Contact', 'SFC Energy AG', 'SFC Press Contact', 'first Indian companies', '55,000 fuel cells', 'innovative solution', 'energy solutions', 'Clean Energy', 'long-term partner', 'German partner', 'The Company', 'green hydrogen', 'energy carrier', 'wide range', 'Indian government', 'emission-free replacement', 'diesel generators', 'jens.juettner', 'Press release', 'Key word', 'F3C:DE', 'leading supplier', 'growth strategy', 'domestic market', 'highest demands', 'annual demand', '43,800 kilowatt hours', 'driving performance', 'diesel-powered car', 'product portfolio', 'great potential', 'growing market', 'decisive role', 'broad-based program', 'deep expertise', 'related technologies', 'numerous applications', 'success factor', 'many years', 'positive feedback', 'success story', 'Managing Director', 'leading provider', 'production facilities', 'Corporate News', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'professional users', 'user industries', 'award-winning products', 'Susan Hoffmeister', 'India Brunnthal/Munich', '50 kW', '500 kW', 'India"" Agreement', 'DGAP-News', 'issuer', 'content', 'Germany', 'April', 'stationary', 'milestone', 'internationalization', 'Make', 'FCTec', 'initiative', 'components', 'example', '45.6 tons', 'kWh', '250,000 kilometers', 'country', '45% cut', 'investment', 'presence', 'opportunity', 'objective', 'efficient', 'vision', 'conviction', 'CEO', 'chapter', 'information', 'date', 'Netherlands', 'Romania', 'Canada', 'GSIN', 'ISIN', 'Tel.', 'Email', 'Dissemination', 'Archive']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,uk.sports.yahoo.com
3138,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.defenseworld.net/2022/04/19/financial-contrast-forge-global-nysefrge-vs-deutsche-borse-otcmktsdboey.html,Financial Contrast: Forge Global (NYSE:FRGE) vs. Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY),73.8% of Forge Global shares are owned by institutional investors. Comparatively  0.0% of Deutsche Börse shares are owned by institutional investors. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that endowments  large money managers and hedge funds ...,Forge Global (NYSE:FRGE – Get Rating) and Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) are both finance companies  but which is the superior stock? We will compare the two companies based on the strength of their earnings  institutional ownership  risk  valuation  dividends  profitability and analyst recommendations.Insider and Institutional OwnershipGet Forge Global alerts:73.8% of Forge Global shares are owned by institutional investors. Comparatively  0.0% of Deutsche Börse shares are owned by institutional investors. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that endowments  large money managers and hedge funds believe a company will outperform the market over the long term.This is a breakdown of recent recommendations and price targets for Forge Global and Deutsche Börse  as provided by MarketBeat.Sell Ratings Hold Ratings Buy Ratings Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score Forge Global 0 0 0 0 N/A Deutsche Börse 0 4 4 0 2.50Deutsche Börse has a consensus target price of $163.73  indicating a potential upside of 809.63%. Given Deutsche Börse’s higher possible upside  analysts plainly believe Deutsche Börse is more favorable than Forge Global.Earnings and ValuationThis table compares Forge Global and Deutsche Börse’s top-line revenue  earnings per share and valuation.Gross Revenue Price/Sales Ratio Net Income Earnings Per Share Price/Earnings Ratio Forge Global N/A N/A $9.36 million N/A N/A Deutsche Börse $5.26 billion 6.50 $1.43 billion $0.77 23.38Deutsche Börse has higher revenue and earnings than Forge Global.ProfitabilityThis table compares Forge Global and Deutsche Börse’s net margins  return on equity and return on assets.Net Margins Return on Equity Return on Assets Forge Global N/A -46.73% 2.25% Deutsche Börse 27.59% 18.26% 0.72%Risk & VolatilityForge Global has a beta of 2.78  suggesting that its stock price is 178% more volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively  Deutsche Börse has a beta of 0.79  suggesting that its stock price is 21% less volatile than the S&P 500.SummaryDeutsche Börse beats Forge Global on 6 of the 9 factors compared between the two stocks.About Forge Global (Get Rating)Forge Global Holdings  Inc. provides marketplace infrastructure  data services  and technology solutions for private market participants. It enables private company shareholders to trade private company shares with accredited investors. The company was founded in 2014 and is based in San Francisco  California.About Deutsche Börse (Get Rating)Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business). The company engages in the electronic trading of derivatives  electricity and gas products  emission rights  and foreign exchange; operating of Eurex Repo over the counter (OTC) trading platform and electronic clearing architecture; and operating as a central counterparty for on-and-off exchange derivatives  repo transactions  and OTC and exchange-traded derivatives. It also operates in the cash market through Xetra  BÃ¶rse Frankfurt  and Tradegate trading venues; operates as a central counterparty for equities and bonds; and provides listing services. In addition  the company offers custody and settlement services for securities; investment fund services; global securities financing services; and collateral management  as well as secured money  market transaction  and repos and securities lending transaction services. Further  it develops and markets indices  as well as portfolio management and risk analysis software; markets licenses for trading and market signals; provides technology and reporting solutions for external customers; and offers link-up of trading participants. Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG was founded in 1585 and is headquartered in Eschborn  Germany.Receive News & Ratings for Forge Global Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Forge Global and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.03,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Financial Contrast', 'Forge Global', 'NYSE', 'FRGE', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'Sales Ratio Net Income Earnings', 'Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG', 'N/A Deutsche Börse', 'Deutsche Börse shares', 'securities lending transaction services', 'global securities financing services', 'Get Forge Global alerts', 'Assets Forge Global N/A', 'Global N/A N/A', 'BÃ¶rse Frankfurt', 'Ratings Buy Ratings', 'Investment Fund Services', 'Strong institutional ownership', 'electronic clearing architecture', 'Earnings Ratio Forge', 'Forge Global shares', 'Forge Global Daily', 'consensus target price', 'concise daily summary', 'Forge Global Holdings', 'large money managers', 'higher possible upside', 'Tradegate trading venues', 'private company shares', 'Gross Revenue Price', 'risk analysis software', 'Net Margins Return', 'private company shareholders', 'private market participants', 'market transaction', 'email address', 'Get Rating', 'data services', 'listing services', 'settlement services', 'higher revenue', 'Sell Ratings', 'potential upside', 'electronic trading', 'trading participants', 'price targets', 'top-line revenue', 'stock price', 'institutional investors', ""analysts' ratings"", 'OTCMKTS:DBOEY', 'finance companies', 'superior stock', 'two companies', 'analyst recommendations', 'hedge funds', 'long term', 'recent recommendations', 'S&P 500', 'two stocks', 'marketplace infrastructure', 'accredited investors', 'San Francisco', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'analytics business', 'gas products', 'emission rights', 'central counterparty', 'repo transactions', 'cash market', 'collateral management', 'portfolio management', 'market signals', 'reporting solutions', 'external customers', 'related companies', 'Share Price', 'exchange organization', 'Foreign Exchange', 'Financial Derivatives', 'traded derivatives', 'exchange derivatives', 'technology solutions', 'Cash Equities', 'Eurex Repo', 'markets licenses', 'latest news', 'MarketBeat.com', 'Equity Return', 'NYSE', 'FRGE', 'strength', 'valuation', 'dividends', 'profitability', 'Insider', 'indication', 'endowments', 'breakdown', 'table', 'Volatility', 'beta', '9 factors', 'California', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Xetra', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', 'electricity', 'operating', 'bonds', 'addition', 'custody', 'secured', 'repos', 'indices', 'link-up', 'Eschborn', 'Germany']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,defenseworld.net
3139,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/markets/germany-stocks-mixed-at-close-of-trade-dax-down-007/ar-AAWnu2I,Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX down 0.07%,Germany stocks were mixed after the close on Tuesday  as gains in the Technology  Food & Beverages and Transportation & Logistics sectors led shares higher while losses in the Construction  Financial Services and Pharmaceuticals,© Reuters Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX down 0.07%Investing.com – Germany stocks were mixed after the close on Tuesday  as gains in the Technology  Food&Beverages and Transportation&Logistics sectors led shares higher while losses in the Construction  Financial Services and Pharmaceuticals&Healthcare sectors led shares lower.At the close in Frankfurt  the DAX lost 0.07%  while the MDAX index climbed 0.18%  and the TecDAX index added 0.26%.The best performers of the session on the DAX were Continental AG O.N. (ETR:CONG)  which rose 3.91% or 2.48 points to trade at 65.98 at the close. Meanwhile  HelloFresh SE (ETR:HFGG) added 3.37% or 1.28 points to end at 39.22 and Daimler Truck Holding AG (ETR:DTGGe) was up 3.26% or 0.77 points to 24.52 in late trade.The worst performers of the session were Merck KGaA (ETR:MRCG)  which fell 3.74% or 7.00 points to trade at 179.95 at the close. Deutsche Boerse AG (ETR:DB1Gn) declined 2.70% or 4.55 points to end at 163.80 and Vonovia SE (ETR:VNAn) was down 2.00% or 0.80 points to 39.13.The top performers on the MDAX were Jungheinrich AG O.N.VZO (ETR:JUNG_p) which rose 3.87% to 24.16  Duerr AG (ETR:DUEG) which was up 2.81% to settle at 24.86 and Siemens Energy AG (ETR:ENR1n) which gained 2.81% to close at 19.56.The worst performers were Hypoport AG (ETR:HYQGn) which was down 9.83% to 319.20 in late trade  K&S AG (ETR:SDFGn) which lost 3.39% to settle at 34.16 and Grand City Properties SA (ETR:GYC) which was down 2.18% to 17.51 at the close.The top performers on the TecDAX were Nordex SE O.N. (ETR:NDXG) which rose 3.38% to 16.51  Infineon Technologies AG NA O.N. (ETR:IFXGn) which was up 3.07% to settle at 27.68 and Aixtron SE (ETR:AIXGn) which gained 2.71% to close at 23.12.The worst performers were Sartorius AG VZO O.N. (ETR:SATG_p) which was down 1.91% to 374.80 in late trade  Morphosys AG O.N. (ETR:MORG) which lost 1.86% to settle at 23.68 and CompuGroup Medical AG O.N. (ETR:COP1n) which was down 1.62% to 54.75 at the close.Rising stocks outnumbered declining ones on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange by 356 to 339 and 74 ended unchanged.Shares in Hypoport AG (ETR:HYQGn) fell to 52-week lows; down 9.83% or 34.80 to 319.20.The DAX volatility index  which measures the implied volatility of DAX options  was up 3.61% to 26.08.Gold Futures for June delivery was down 1.36% or 27.00 to $1 959.40 a troy ounce. Elsewhere in commodities trading  Crude oil for delivery in June fell 4.96% or 5.34 to hit $102.27 a barrel  while the June Brent oil contract fell 5.10% or 5.77 to trade at $107.39 a barrel.EUR/USD was unchanged 0.19% to 1.08  while EUR/GBP unchanged 0.22% to 0.83.The US Dollar Index Futures was up 0.12% at 100.89.,neutral,0.02,0.81,0.17,mixed,0.06,0.2,0.74,True,English,"['Germany stocks', 'close', 'trade', 'DAX', 'Infineon Technologies AG NA O.N.', 'Jungheinrich AG O.N.VZO', 'Sartorius AG VZO O.N.', 'CompuGroup Medical AG O.N.', 'The US Dollar Index Futures', 'Continental AG O.N.', 'Morphosys AG O.N.', 'Grand City Properties SA', 'Nordex SE O.N.', 'Daimler Truck Holding AG', 'June Brent oil contract', 'The DAX volatility index', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'Siemens Energy AG', 'K&S AG', 'Transportation&Logistics sectors', 'Pharmaceuticals&Healthcare sectors', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Reuters Germany stocks', 'Duerr AG', 'Hypoport AG', 'Gold Futures', 'Crude oil', 'MDAX index', 'TecDAX index', 'HelloFresh SE', 'Vonovia SE', 'Aixtron SE', 'Rising stocks', 'Food&Beverages', 'Financial Services', 'best performers', 'worst performers', 'Merck KGaA', 'top performers', '52-week lows', 'troy ounce', 'commodities trading', 'June delivery', 'DAX options', 'late trade', 'ETR:CONG', 'ETR:DTGGe', 'ETR:MRCG', 'ETR:VNAn', 'ETR:DUEG', 'ETR:SDFGn', 'ETR:NDXG', 'ETR:IFXGn', 'ETR:MORG', 'ETR:HYQGn', 'close', 'Tuesday', 'gains', 'Technology', 'shares', 'losses', 'session', '2.48 points', 'HFGG', '1.28 points', 'DB1Gn', '4.55 points', 'JUNG_p', 'ENR1n', 'GYC', 'AIXGn', 'SATG_p', 'COP1n', 'EUR/USD', 'EUR/GBP', '©', '0.77', '00', '0.80']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,msn.com
3140,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Case Study ⁦@DeutscheBoerse⁩ with ⁦@googlecloud⁩ #cloud https://t.co/rc51NtGOWi,nan,Case Study ⁦@DeutscheBoerse⁩ with ⁦@googlecloud⁩ #cloud https://t.co/rc51NtGOWi,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Case Study', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'googlecloud', 'rc51NtGOWi', 'Case Study', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'googlecloud', 'rc51NtGOWi']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,Unknown
3141,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse +14.4% YTDSGX https://t.co/wYPAtyt56D +6.7%CME +3.4% leading in listed exchanges !All other exchanges in negative ...,nan,Deutsche Boerse +14.4% YTDSGX https://t.co/wYPAtyt56D +6.7%CME +3.4% leading in listed exchanges !All other exchanges in negative ...,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'YTD SGX', 'listed exchanges', 'other exchanges', 'wYPAtyt56D', 'CME', 'negative', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'YTD SGX', 'listed exchanges', 'other exchanges', 'wYPAtyt56D', 'CME', 'negative']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,Unknown
3142,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/kalera-secures-30-million-credit-113000234.html,Kalera Secures $30 Million Credit Facility,ORLANDO  Fla.  April 19  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kalera AS (“Kalera” or the “Company”) (Euronext Growth Oslo: KAL  Bloomberg: KSLLF)  one of the preeminent ...,KaleraORLANDO  Fla.  April 19  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kalera AS (“Kalera” or the “Company”) (Euronext Growth Oslo: KAL  Bloomberg: KSLLF)  one of the preeminent leafy green vertical farming companies and a leader in plant science for producing high-quality produce in controlled environments  today announced that it has secured a ten-year  $30 million Senior Secured Credit Facility with Farm Credit of Central Florida (”FCCF” or “Farm Credit”) to support capital expenditures and working capital needs of the Company across the entire United States. The credit facility was entered into by Kalera Inc. a United States based wholly owned subsidiary of Kalera AS.“With access to capital provided by Farm Credit  the Company has both strengthened its financial position and improved its capital structure  with $20 million in available funds for capital expenditures under a Term Loan  and $10 million to support general corporate and working capital purposes under a Revolving Loan. We consider Farm Credit to be an outstanding long-term financing partner for our US growth plans ” said Fernando Cornejo  Chief Financial Officer of Kalera. “We are now in an excellent position to execute on our objectives for the first half of 2022  whilst moving towards an expected June completion of our merger with Agrico that will deliver Kalera a US Nasdaq listing  immediate additional financing  and improved long-term funding opportunities”.“With this financing  Kalera continues to advance the Controlled Environment Agriculture (CEA) industry toward a greater focus on enhancing local agriculture across the United States with a key focus on health and safety practices through its indoor agriculture technology ” said Brock Overbaugh  Vice President and Sr. Agribusiness Relationship Manager  Farm Credit of Central Florida/ACA.The Credit Agreement has a term of 120 months and includes standard terms and conditions customary in secured financing transactions of this nature.Story continuesAbout Kalera: Kalera is a vertical farming company headquartered in Orlando  Florida. Kalera uses technology to ensure that more people around the world have access to the freshest  most nutritious  and cleanest products available. It has spent several years optimizing plant nutrient formulas and developing an advanced automation and data acquisition system with Internet of Things  cloud  big data analytics and artificial intelligence capabilities. Kalera currently operates farms in the US (in Orlando  Florida; Atlanta  Georgia; Houston  Texas and Denver  Colorado)  as well as in Kuwait. Additional farms are under development. More information is available at www.kalera.com.About Farm Credit of Central Florida: Farm Credit of Central Florida is a federally chartered  locally operated cooperative owned by our member/borrowers. FCCF serves the following thirteen counties: Citrus  Hernando  Pasco  Pinellas  Hillsborough  Polk  Sumter  Lake  Osceola  Orange  Seminole  Volusia  and Brevard. Farm Credit of Central Florida is part of the nationwide Farm Credit System providing local service with national stability. More information is available at www.farmcreditcfl.com.Media Contact:Kathleen Komarzeckkomarzec@lambert.com(616) 916-4092Investor Relations Contact:Eric Birgeir@kalera.com313-309-9500,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,positive,0.75,0.21,0.04,True,English,"['$30 Million Credit Facility', 'Kalera', 'preeminent leafy green vertical farming companies', 'ten-year, $30 million Senior Secured Credit Facility', 'Sr. Agribusiness Relationship Manager', 'outstanding long-term financing partner', 'nationwide Farm Credit System', 'vertical farming company', 'secured financing transactions', 'long-term funding opportunities', 'data acquisition system', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'big data analytics', 'artificial intelligence capabilities', 'following thirteen counties', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'The Credit Agreement', 'plant nutrient formulas', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'US growth plans', 'US Nasdaq listing', 'immediate additional financing', 'working capital needs', 'working capital purposes', 'Controlled Environment Agriculture', 'entire United States', 'indoor agriculture technology', 'local agriculture', 'plant science', 'controlled environments', 'financial position', 'Media Contact', 'capital expenditures', 'capital structure', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'high-quality produce', 'available funds', 'general corporate', 'Revolving Loan', 'Fernando Cornejo', 'excellent position', 'first half', 'June completion', 'CEA) industry', 'greater focus', 'key focus', 'safety practices', 'Brock Overbaugh', 'Vice President', 'Central Florida/ACA', 'standard terms', 'cleanest products', 'several years', 'advanced automation', 'Additional farms', 'More information', 'local service', 'national stability', 'Kathleen Komarzec', 'Eric Birge', 'Term Loan', 'Kalera AS', 'Kalera Inc', 'ORLANDO', 'Fla.', 'April', 'Bloomberg', 'KSLLF', 'leader', 'FCCF', 'subsidiary', 'access', 'objectives', 'merger', 'Agrico', 'health', '120 months', 'conditions', 'nature', 'Story', 'people', 'world', 'Internet', 'Things', 'cloud', 'Atlanta', 'Georgia', 'Houston', 'Texas', 'Denver', 'Colorado', 'Kuwait', 'development', 'cooperative', 'member/borrowers', 'Citrus', 'Hernando', 'Pasco', 'Pinellas', 'Hillsborough', 'Polk', 'Sumter', 'Lake', 'Osceola', 'Orange', 'Seminole', 'Volusia', 'Brevard', 'farmcreditcfl', 'kkomarzec', 'lambert', '2022']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,finance.yahoo.com
3143,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/kalera-secures-30-million-credit-053000962.html,Kalera Secures $30 Million Credit Facility,ORLANDO  Fla.  April 19  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kalera AS (“Kalera” or the “Company”) (Euronext Growth Oslo: KAL  Bloomberg: KSLLF)  one of the preeminent ...,KaleraORLANDO  Fla.  April 19  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kalera AS (“Kalera” or the “Company”) (Euronext Growth Oslo: KAL  Bloomberg: KSLLF)  one of the preeminent leafy green vertical farming companies and a leader in plant science for producing high-quality produce in controlled environments  today announced that it has secured a ten-year  $30 million Senior Secured Credit Facility with Farm Credit of Central Florida (”FCCF” or “Farm Credit”) to support capital expenditures and working capital needs of the Company across the entire United States. The credit facility was entered into by Kalera Inc. a United States based wholly owned subsidiary of Kalera AS.“With access to capital provided by Farm Credit  the Company has both strengthened its financial position and improved its capital structure  with $20 million in available funds for capital expenditures under a Term Loan  and $10 million to support general corporate and working capital purposes under a Revolving Loan. We consider Farm Credit to be an outstanding long-term financing partner for our US growth plans ” said Fernando Cornejo  Chief Financial Officer of Kalera. “We are now in an excellent position to execute on our objectives for the first half of 2022  whilst moving towards an expected June completion of our merger with Agrico that will deliver Kalera a US Nasdaq listing  immediate additional financing  and improved long-term funding opportunities”.“With this financing  Kalera continues to advance the Controlled Environment Agriculture (CEA) industry toward a greater focus on enhancing local agriculture across the United States with a key focus on health and safety practices through its indoor agriculture technology ” said Brock Overbaugh  Vice President and Sr. Agribusiness Relationship Manager  Farm Credit of Central Florida/ACA.The Credit Agreement has a term of 120 months and includes standard terms and conditions customary in secured financing transactions of this nature.Story continuesAbout Kalera: Kalera is a vertical farming company headquartered in Orlando  Florida. Kalera uses technology to ensure that more people around the world have access to the freshest  most nutritious  and cleanest products available. It has spent several years optimizing plant nutrient formulas and developing an advanced automation and data acquisition system with Internet of Things  cloud  big data analytics and artificial intelligence capabilities. Kalera currently operates farms in the US (in Orlando  Florida; Atlanta  Georgia; Houston  Texas and Denver  Colorado)  as well as in Kuwait. Additional farms are under development. More information is available at www.kalera.com.About Farm Credit of Central Florida: Farm Credit of Central Florida is a federally chartered  locally operated cooperative owned by our member/borrowers. FCCF serves the following thirteen counties: Citrus  Hernando  Pasco  Pinellas  Hillsborough  Polk  Sumter  Lake  Osceola  Orange  Seminole  Volusia  and Brevard. Farm Credit of Central Florida is part of the nationwide Farm Credit System providing local service with national stability. More information is available at www.farmcreditcfl.com.Media Contact:Kathleen Komarzeckkomarzec@lambert.com(616) 916-4092Investor Relations Contact:Eric Birgeir@kalera.com313-309-9500,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,positive,0.75,0.21,0.04,True,English,"['$30 Million Credit Facility', 'Kalera', 'preeminent leafy green vertical farming companies', 'ten-year, $30 million Senior Secured Credit Facility', 'Sr. Agribusiness Relationship Manager', 'outstanding long-term financing partner', 'nationwide Farm Credit System', 'vertical farming company', 'secured financing transactions', 'long-term funding opportunities', 'data acquisition system', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'big data analytics', 'artificial intelligence capabilities', 'following thirteen counties', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'The Credit Agreement', 'plant nutrient formulas', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'US growth plans', 'US Nasdaq listing', 'immediate additional financing', 'working capital needs', 'working capital purposes', 'Controlled Environment Agriculture', 'entire United States', 'indoor agriculture technology', 'local agriculture', 'plant science', 'controlled environments', 'financial position', 'Media Contact', 'capital expenditures', 'capital structure', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'high-quality produce', 'available funds', 'general corporate', 'Revolving Loan', 'Fernando Cornejo', 'excellent position', 'first half', 'June completion', 'CEA) industry', 'greater focus', 'key focus', 'safety practices', 'Brock Overbaugh', 'Vice President', 'Central Florida/ACA', 'standard terms', 'cleanest products', 'several years', 'advanced automation', 'Additional farms', 'More information', 'local service', 'national stability', 'Kathleen Komarzec', 'Eric Birge', 'Term Loan', 'Kalera AS', 'Kalera Inc', 'ORLANDO', 'Fla.', 'April', 'Bloomberg', 'KSLLF', 'leader', 'FCCF', 'subsidiary', 'access', 'objectives', 'merger', 'Agrico', 'health', '120 months', 'conditions', 'nature', 'Story', 'people', 'world', 'Internet', 'Things', 'cloud', 'Atlanta', 'Georgia', 'Houston', 'Texas', 'Denver', 'Colorado', 'Kuwait', 'development', 'cooperative', 'member/borrowers', 'Citrus', 'Hernando', 'Pasco', 'Pinellas', 'Hillsborough', 'Polk', 'Sumter', 'Lake', 'Osceola', 'Orange', 'Seminole', 'Volusia', 'Brevard', 'farmcreditcfl', 'kkomarzec', 'lambert', '2022']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,finance.yahoo.com
3144,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/delta-drone-consolidation-delta-drone-160000520.html,DELTA DRONE - Consolidation of Delta Drone shares to support a new stock market dynamic and reduce the volatility of the stock,Consolidation of Delta Drone shares to support a new stock market dynamic and reduce the volatility of the stock Dardilly  April 19  2022 at 6pm Key points...,"DELTA DRONEConsolidation of Delta Drone shares to support a new stock market dynamic and reduce the volatility of the stockDardilly  April 19  2022 at 6pmKey points10 000 old shares against 1 new shareImplementation of consolidation operations as of April 22  2022First trading day of the combined shares on May 24   2022Suspension of the exercise of the rights of security holders until 25 May 2022 inclusiveDelta Drone (Euronext Growth Paris: ALDR) (the "" Company "")  announces the implementation of the consolidation of the shares comprising its share capital at the rate of 10 000 old shares against 1 new share  in accordance with the third resolution approved by the combined general meeting of shareholders dated December 27  2021. The launch of this combination was decided by the Board of Directors meeting on March 30  2022  as announced by press release dated March 31  2022.The objective of this combination is to support a new stock market dynamic of the Company  as well as to reduce the volatility of the Delta Drone share price  induced by the low level of its current value.The consolidation operations will take place from April 22  2022 to May 23  2022 inclusive. They will take effect on May 24  2022  the first day of listing of the shares resulting from the combination.This transaction will not affect the overall value of delta Drone shares held in the portfolio by shareholders  with the exception of the broken ones.Terms of the grouping of sharesIn accordance with the terms of the notice of consolidation published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires of April 6  2022  the main characteristics of the share consolidation are as follows:Number of shares subject to consolidation: 5 841 620 631Nominal unit value of the share: €0.0001ISIN code of old shares before consolidation: FR0011522168Exchange parity: 10 000 old shares against 1 new shareNumber of shares to be acquired from the consolidation: 584 162 sharesNominal value of the share at the end of the consolidation: 1 euroISIN code of the new shares resulting from the grouping: FR0014009LP0Story continuesIn practice  each shareholder will be automatically allocated by his financial intermediary 1 new share for each block of 10 000 old shares.Shareholders holding a total number of shares forming an exact multiple of 10 000 will not have to take any steps. Shareholders who do not have a number of old shares corresponding to a whole number of new shares (i.e. a multiple of 10 000 old shares) will have to make their personal business of buying or selling the old shares forming broken in order to obtain a multiple number of shares of 10 000  until May 23  2022 inclusive.After this period  shareholders who have not obtained a multiple number of shares of 10 000 will be compensated by their financial intermediary within 30 days from 24 May 2022  in accordance with Articles L.228-6-1 and R.228-12 of the French Commercial Code and market practice.New shares which could not be allocated individually and corresponding to rights forming broken will be sold on the stock exchange by the account holders and the sums resulting from the sale will be distributed in proportion to the rights forming broken of the holders of these rights.BNP Paribas Securities Services will centralize the consolidation operations.The shares subject to the consolidation will be admitted to trading on the Euronext Growth Paris market until 23 Mai 2022  the last day of listing. The shares resulting from the combination will be admitted to trading on the Euronext Growth Paris market as of May 24  2022  the first day of listing.The mnemonic code of Delta Drone shares (ALDR) will remain unchanged at the end of the consolidation operations.Suspension of the rights of holders of transferable securities giving access to capitalIn connection with the implementation of this combination  the Company has informed the holders of (i) convertible bond warrants  with attached share purchase warrants where applicable (the ""Warrants"")  (ii) bonds convertible into shares (the ""OCAs"")  (iii) share purchase warrants (the ""BSAs""). "")  issued under the financing agreement concluded with the investment fund YA II PN  Ltd  represented by Yorkville Advisors Global LP (the ""Investor"") on October 14  2020  as amended on December 7  2020  and (iv) BSA Y CODE ISIN FR 0013400991  in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 225-149-1 and R. 225-133 of the French Commercial Code  the temporary suspension of the right to exercise their Issue Vouchers and BSAs as well as the right to convert their OCAs from 19 April 2022 at 11:59 a.m. until May 25  2022 at 11:59 p.m.Indicative calendar of operationsApril 6  2022 Publication of the grouping notice in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires April 19  2022 Opening of the period of suspension of the exercise of transferable securities giving access to capital April 22  2022 Start of consolidation operations From April 22  2022 to May 23  2022 included Possibility for shareholders to buy and sell shares in order to obtain a number of shares without broken From May 23  2022Last day of the listing of the shares of 0.0001 euro of nominal value Carrying out the grouping of actions From May 24  2022 Compensation for shareholders with breaks through their financial intermediary (from 24 May to 25 June inclusive) May 25  2022 Record date for the delivery of the shares resulting from the consolidation May 26  2022 Allocation of new shares (Payment Date) May 26  2022 Resumption of the exercise of transferable securities giving access to share capitalAbout Delta Drone : Delta Drone Group is a recognized international player in the field of civilian drones for professional use. It develops a range of professional solutions based on drone technology as well as all associated services that form a complete value chain.Delta Drone shares are listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market – ISIN code: FR0011522168BSA Y – ISIN code: FR 0013400991www.deltadrone.comInvestor contacts: Press contact:Jerome Gacoin Louise Caetano +33 1 75 77 54 65 +33 1 55 02 15 13 jgacoin@aelium.fr l.caetano@open2europe.comSarah Ousahla+33 1 55 02 15 31s.ousahla@open2europe.comAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,mixed,0.15,0.16,0.7,True,English,"['new stock market dynamic', 'Delta Drone shares', 'Consolidation', 'volatility', 'BSA Y CODE ISIN FR', 'Yorkville Advisors Global LP', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'new stock market dynamic', 'Delta Drone share price', 'YA II PN', 'French Commercial Code', 'combined general meeting', 'convertible bond warrants', 'Nominal unit value', 'share purchase warrants', 'First trading day', 'Delta Drone shares', 'ISIN code', 'market practice', 'mnemonic code', 'Articles L.', 'Nominal value', 'stock exchange', 'transferable securities', '1 new share', 'first day', 'current value', 'overall value', 'last day', 'combined shares', 'new shares', 'Key points', 'third resolution', 'press release', 'low level', 'main characteristics', 'Exchange parity', 'financial intermediary', 'personal business', 'financing agreement', 'investment fund', 'Issue Vouchers', 'Indicative calendar', 'exact multiple', '10,000 old shares', 'share consolidation', 'share capital', 'total number', 'security holders', 'account holders', 'consolidation operations', 'temporary suspension', 'multiple number', 'grouping notice', '584,162 shares', 'volatility', 'Dardilly', 'April', '6pm', 'Implementation', 'May', 'exercise', 'rights', 'ALDR', 'Company', 'rate', 'accordance', 'shareholders', 'launch', 'combination', 'Board', 'Directors', 'March', 'objective', 'place', 'effect', 'listing', 'transaction', 'portfolio', 'exception', 'Terms', 'Bulletin', '1 euro', 'Story', 'block', 'steps', 'order', 'period', '30 days', 'sums', 'sale', 'proportion', '23 Mai', 'access', 'connection', 'attached', 'bonds', 'OCAs', 'BSAs', 'Investor', 'October', 'December', 'provisions', 'R.', 'Publication', 'Start', 'Possibility', '11:59']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,finance.yahoo.com
3145,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/biophytis-biophytis-presents-sarconeos-bio101-062000464.html,Biophytis: Biophytis Presents Sarconeos (BIO101) Development Program in Sarcopenia at the 12th Annual International Conference on Frailty and Sarcopenia Research (ICFSR) in Boston April 20-22  2022,ICFSR is the key international scientific event on Frailty and Sarcopenia and is attended by leading researchers  physicians and Biotech/Pharma in this field...,"PARIS  FRANCE and CAMBRIDGE  MA / ACCESSWIRE / April 19  2022 / Biophytis SA ((NASDAQ:BPTS)(Euronext Growth Paris:ALBPS)  (""Biophytis"" or the ""Company"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development of therapeutics that slow the degenerative processes associated with aging  including severe respiratory failure in patients suffering from COVID-19  today announces it will present and discuss the results of Sarconeos (BIO101) development program in Sarcopenia at the 12th annual International Conference on Frailty and Sarcopenia Research (ICFSR) to be held virtually and on site in Boston from April 20 to April 22  2022.ICFSR is the key international scientific event on Frailty and Sarcopenia and is attended by leading researchers  physicians and Biotech/Pharma in this field. On Friday 22  April  Cendrine Tourette  PhD (SARA Project Leader) and Pr. Jean Mariani  MD  PhD (Board Director) will give an oral presentation on the results of the Phase 2 SARA-INT trial for the treatment of Sarcopenia.About SARA development programMajor operational milestones achieved during 2021 as regards to our Phase 2 SARA-INT trial for the treatment of Sarcopenia:On October 4th  the Company announced full results of the study: Sarconeos (BIO101) at the highest dose of 350 mg bid showed an increase of 0.09 meter per second (m/s) in the FAS population and of 0.10 m/s in the PP population compared to placebo in observed data  for the 400MWT in gait speed  after 6 months of treatment in observed data. The Minimal Clinically Important Difference (MCID) for the 400MWT in sarcopenia is 0.1 m/s.The product also showed a very good safety profile at the doses of 175 mg bid and of 350 mg bid with no Serious Adverse Events (SAE) related to the product.2022 outlook and perspectives for the SARA program in Sarcopenia:Following the first meeting with the FDA in January 2022  a second meeting is planned in Q3 2022 to discuss the SARA development plan including the Phase 2-3 protocol. The objective is to have a FPI (First patient In) for this new study at the end of H2 2022.We also plan to have discussions with EMA during H2 2022  in order to obtain scientific advice on the Phase 2 results and the progression toward a Phase 2-3.These plans remain subject to regulatory authorizations and procedures  any delays in patient recruitment or retention  interruptions in sourcing or supply chain  and to COVID-19-related delays.About BIOPHYTISStory continuesBiophytis SA is a clinical-stage biotechnology company specialized in the development of therapeutics that are aimed at slowing the degenerative processes associated with aging  including severe respiratory failure in patients suffering from COVID-19. Sarconeos (BIO101)  our leading drug candidate  is a small molecule  administered orally )just achieved its phase 2 development as a treatment for sarcopenia in the United States and Europe (SARA-INT). It is also being studied in a clinical two-part Phase 2-3 study (COVA) for the treatment of severe respiratory manifestations of COVID-19 in Europe  Latin America  and the US. A pediatric formulation of Sarconeos (BIO101) is being developed for the treatment of Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD). The company is based in Paris  France  and Cambridge  Massachusetts. The company's ordinary shares are listed on Euronext Growth (Ticker: ALBPS -ISIN: FR0012816825) and the ADS (American Depositary Shares) are listed on Nasdaq (Ticker BPTS - ISIN: US09076G1040).For more information visit www.biophytis.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""outlook "" ""believes "" ""expects "" ""potential "" ""continues "" ""may "" ""will "" ""should "" ""could "" ""seeks "" ""predicts "" ""intends "" ""trends "" ""plans "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates"" or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Biophytis considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that the statements contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Biophytis or not currently considered material by Biophytis. Accordingly  there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. Please also refer to the ""Risks and uncertainties the Company is to face"" section from the Company's 2021 Full Year Report and as exposed in the ""Risks Factors"" section of form 20-F as well as other forms to be filed respectively with AMF and with the SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission  USA). We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  except as required by law.Biophytis Contact for Investor RelationsPhilippe Rousseau  CFOInvestors@biophytis.comMedia ContactsAntoine Denry: antoine.denry@taddeo.fr - +33 6 18 07 83 27Agathe Boggio: agathe.boggio@taddeo.fr -+33 7 62 77 69 42SOURCE: BiophytisView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/697933/Biophytis-Biophytis-Presents-Sarconeos-BIO101-Development-Program-in-Sarcopenia-at-the-12th-Annual-International-Conference-on-Frailty-and-Sarcopenia-Research-ICFSR-in-Boston-April-20-22-2022",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.21,0.21,0.58,True,English,"['12th Annual International Conference', 'BIO101) Development Program', 'Sarcopenia Research', 'Biophytis', 'Sarconeos', 'Frailty', 'ICFSR', 'Boston', 'April', 'clinical two-part Phase 2-3 study', '12th annual International Conference', 'key international scientific event', 'Minimal Clinically Important Difference', 'Phase 2-3 protocol', 'severe respiratory failure', 'Pr. Jean Mariani', 'Major operational milestones', 'good safety profile', 'Serious Adverse Events', 'severe respiratory manifestations', 'Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy', 'SARA Project Leader', 'leading drug candidate', 'American Depositary Shares', '2021 Full Year Report', 'Phase 2 SARA-INT trial', 'SARA development plan', 'SARA development program', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'other comparable words', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'BIO101) development program', 'Risks Factors"" section', 'important factors', 'SARA program', 'scientific advice', 'phase 2 development', 'new study', 'leading researchers', 'ordinary shares', 'other forms', 'Phase 2 results', 'degenerative processes', 'Cendrine Tourette', 'Board Director', 'oral presentation', 'highest dose', '350 mg bid', 'FAS population', 'PP population', 'gait speed', '175 mg bid', 'first meeting', 'First patient', 'regulatory authorizations', 'patient recruitment', 'supply chain', 'small molecule', 'United States', 'Latin America', 'pediatric formulation', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'negative version', 'actual outcomes', 'Exchange Commission', 'future developments', 'full results', 'various risks', 'NASDAQ:BPTS', 'second meeting', 'COVID-19-related delays', 'Ticker BPTS', 'new information', 'Biophytis SA', 'Sarcopenia Research', 'FRANCE', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'ALBPS', 'therapeutics', 'aging', 'patients', 'Sarconeos', 'Frailty', 'ICFSR', 'site', 'Boston', 'physicians', 'Biotech/Pharma', 'field', 'Friday', 'PhD', 'MD', 'treatment', 'October', 'increase', '0.09 meter', '0.10 m', 'placebo', 'data', '400MWT', '6 months', 'MCID', 'product', 'doses', 'SAE', '2022 outlook', 'perspectives', 'FDA', 'January', 'Q3', 'objective', 'FPI', 'H2', 'discussions', 'EMA', 'order', 'progression', 'plans', 'procedures', 'retention', 'interruptions', 'sourcing', 'Story', 'Europe', 'COVA', 'Massachusetts', 'ISIN', 'ADS', 'Disclaimer', 'cases', 'seeks', 'trends', 'estimates', 'assumptions', 'assurance', 'uncertainties', 'AMF', 'Securities', 'USA', 'obligation', 'law']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,finance.yahoo.com
3146,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cgg-cgg-announces-segment-reporting-053000046.html,CGG: CGG Announces New Segment Reporting Names and Q1 2022 Financial Results Conference Call Details,CGG Announces New Segment Reporting Names and Q1 2022 Financial Results Conference Call Details PARIS  France – April 19  2022 New Segment Reporting Names...,CGGCGG Announces New Segment Reporting Namesand Q1 2022 Financial Results Conference Call DetailsPARIS  France – April 19  2022New Segment Reporting NamesWith CGG continuing to accelerate its development of a portfolio of unique technologies and proven expertise focused on rapidly growing new beyond the core markets  and to reflect the evolution of the Group into a Technology company  new segment reporting names will used from Q1 2022 financial reporting  which will be communicated on May 4  2022.CGG will continue to present its financial information under two reporting segments  renaming them as follows:Geophysics  Geology and Reservoir (GGR) reporting segment will be renamed into Data  Digital & Energy Transition (DDE): Geoscience business will keep its name as Geoscience (GEO)  and Multi-Client business will be renamed into Earth Data (EDA)Equipment reporting segment will be renamed into Sensing & Monitoring (SMO).First quarter 2022 financial results and conference call detailsCGG will announce its first quarter 2022 financial results on Wednesday May 4th  2022 after the close of the marketsThe press release and the slide presentation will be made available on our website www.cgg.com at 5:45 pm (CET)An English language analysts conference call is scheduled the same day at 6.30 pm (CET). To follow the conference call  please access the audio webcast from your computer at www.cgg.com. Please dial 5 to 10 minutes prior to the scheduled start time the following numbers:Confirmation Code: 2885748 Standard International +44 (0) 2071 928338 France (Toll Free) +33 (0) 805101465 France (Local) +33 (0) 170700781 UK (Toll Free) +44 (0) 8002796619 UK (Local) +44 (0) 8444819752 US (Toll Free) +1 877 8709 135 US (Local) +1 646 7413 167A replay of the conference call will be made available the day after for a period of 12 months in audio format on the Company's website www.cgg.com.About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 300 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).Story continuesContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Q1 2022 Financial Results Conference Call Details', 'New Segment Reporting Names', 'CGG', 'An English language analysts conference call', 'Q1 2022 Financial Results Conference Call Details', 'First quarter 2022 financial results', 'New Segment Reporting Names', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'Q1 2022 financial reporting', 'Equipment reporting segment', 'two reporting segments', 'scheduled start time', 'Wednesday May 4th', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'financial information', 'unique technologies', 'proven expertise', 'Multi-Client business', 'press release', 'slide presentation', 'same day', 'audio webcast', 'following numbers', 'Confirmation Code', 'Standard International', 'audio format', 'global technology', 'HPC leader', 'Earth science', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'core markets', 'Technology company', 'Geoscience business', 'Earth Data', 'data science', 'unique portfolio', 'Christophe Barnini', 'CGG', 'France', 'April', 'development', 'evolution', 'Geophysics', 'Geology', 'Reservoir', 'GGR', 'DDE', 'EDA', 'Sensing', 'Monitoring', 'SMO', 'close', 'website', 'CET', 'computer', 'Toll', 'Local', 'UK', 'replay', 'period', '12 months', 'products', 'services', 'solutions', 'clients', 'environmental', '3,300 people', 'ISIN', 'Story', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '5:45', '6.30', '10']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,finance.yahoo.com
3147,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/van-lanschot-kempen-share-buy-063000716.html,Van Lanschot Kempen: update on share buy-back programme 12 April 2022 – 18 April 2022,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  19 April 2022 In the period from 12 April 2022 until 18 April 2022 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 13 406 of...,Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  19 April 2022In the period from 12 April 2022 until 18 April 2022 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 13 406 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). The shares were repurchased at an average price of €24.12 per share for a total amount of €323 399.These repurchases are part of the share buy-back programme for at most 600 000 of own shares  which was announced on 24 February 2022. The total number of shares repurchased to date is 222 831.More information  including a detailed overview of the repurchase transactions under this programme  is available on www.vanlanschotkempen.com/sharebuyback.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.Story continuesThis press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.3,0.36,0.34,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'update', 'April', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'positive long-term financial', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'share buy-back programme', 'Investment Management', 'financial instrument', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'depositary receipts', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'detailed overview', 'repurchase transactions', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'More information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', '19 April', 'period', '12 April', '18 April', 'repurchases', 'part', '24 February', 'date', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'sharebuyback', 'mediarelations', 'investorrelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,finance.yahoo.com
3148,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stmicroelectronics-announces-status-common-share-120000083.html,STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase Program Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Apr 11  2022 to Apr 14  2022...,STMicroelectronics N.V.STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Apr 11  2022 to Apr 14  2022AMSTERDAM – April 19  2022 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the “Company” or “STMicroelectronics”)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the “Program”) disclosed via a press release dated July 1  2021. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 27  2021 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) (Ticker: “STM”) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between Apr 11  2022 to Apr 14  2022 (the “Period”)  of 201 559 ordinary shares (equal to 0.02% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 34.6420 and for an overall price of EUR 6 982 400.55.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STM (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of share purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 11-Apr-22 51 249 35.0979 1 798 732.28 XPAR 12-Apr-22 51 085 34.5225 1 763 581.91 XPAR 13-Apr-22 50 850 34.3523 1 746 814.46 XPAR 14-Apr-22 48 375 34.5896 1 673 271.90 XPAR Total for Period 201 559 34.6420 6 982 400.55Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 7 110 222 treasury shares  which represents approximately 0.8% of the Company’s issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website ( https://investors.st.com/buyback-program ).Story continuesAbout STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are 48 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An independent device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and 5G technology. ST is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: + 33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.04,mixed,0.29,0.38,0.33,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Status', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'independent device manufacturer', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'overall price', 'semiconductor technologies', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'repurchase transactions', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'press release', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'detailed form', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', '5G technology', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Own Shares', '201,559 ordinary shares', '7,110,222 treasury shares', 'Total amount', 'transaction Number', 'Further information', 'ST website', 'Period Dates', 'Alexis Breton', 'XPAR Total', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'Apr', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Company', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'LEI', '213800Z8NOHIKRI42W', 'Ticker', 'broker', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'Weighted', 'accordance', 'Article', 'investors', 'buyback-program', 'Story', '48,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'Internet', 'Things', 'celine', 'Tel', 'Attachment']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,finance.yahoo.com
3149,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/agfa-gevaert-share-buyback-program-154000253.html,Agfa-Gevaert: Share buyback program – regulated information,Mortsel  Belgium – April 19  2022 – 5:40 p.m. CET Within the framework of the share buyback program which was announced in the press release of March 10...,Agfa-GevaertMortsel  Belgium – April 19  2022 – 5:40 p.m. CETWithin the framework of the share buyback program which was announced in the press release of March 10  2021  Agfa-Gevaert NV proceeded with the purchase of own shares on the market of Euronext Brussels.The authorization to acquire own shares was granted to the Board of Directors by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of May 12  2020.Agfa-Gevaert NV has requested a financial intermediary to repurchase Agfa-Gevaert shares for a maximum amount of 50 000 000 Euro on its behalf under the terms of an initial discretionary mandate agreement with validity until March 31  2022  effective as from April 1  2021.On March 8  2022  the Board of Directors decided that the 2021 Share Buyback will be extended through March 31  2023 (the ‘Extended Share Buyback Program 2021’).As a result of the decision of the Board of Directors on March 9  2021  the company  by notarial deed dated March 30  2022  cancelled a total of 2 299 218 treasury shares. This decision was taken in accordance with the authorization granted to the Board of Directors by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on May 12  2020. As a consequence  the new number of outstanding shares (denominator) is 158 207 488.On transaction date April 15  2022  the Agfa-Gevaert Group held 755 560 own shares  which represents 0.48% of the total number of shares of the Group.Detailed operations per day:Transaction date Number ofshares Averageprice (€) Minimumprice (€) Maximumprice (€) Totalprice (€) April 11  2022 66 100 3.8639 3.8000 3.9150 255 403.79 April 12  2022 67 900 3.7537 3.7200 3.8100 254 876.23 April 13  2022 44 090 3.8508 3.7750 3.8800 169 781.77 April 14  2022 41 500 3.8830 3.8650 3.9000 161 144.50 Total 219 590 3.8308 841 206.29Since the beginning of the share buyback program until April 15th  2022  based on the transaction date  the Agfa-Gevaert Group bought 10 299 262 own shares  representing 6.14% of the total outstanding shares on April 1  2021.Story continuesAbout AgfaThe Agfa-Gevaert Group is a leading company in imaging technology and IT solutions with over 150 years of experience. The Group holds four divisions: Radiology Solutions  HealthCare IT  Digital Print & Chemicals and Offset Solutions. They develop  manufacture and market analogue and digital systems for the healthcare sector  for specific industrial applications and for the printing industry. In 2021  the Group realized a turnover of 1 760 million Euro.Contact:Viviane DictusDirector Corporate CommunicationT +32 (0) 3 444 71 24E viviane.dictus@agfa.comJohan JacobsCorporate Press Relations ManagerT +32 (0)3/444 80 15E johan.jacobs@agfa.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.29,0.33,0.37,True,English,"['Share buyback program', 'regulated information', 'Agfa-Gevaert', 'initial discretionary mandate agreement', 'Corporate Press Relations Manager', 'Extended Share Buyback Program', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'specific industrial applications', 'Viviane Dictus Director', 'Transaction date Number', 'The Agfa-Gevaert Group', '2021 Share Buyback', 'total outstanding shares', 'press release', 'Corporate Communication', 'new number', 'total number', 'Agfa-Gevaert Mortsel', 'Agfa-Gevaert NV', 'Euronext Brussels', 'financial intermediary', 'maximum amount', 'notarial deed', 'Detailed operations', 'imaging technology', 'IT solutions', 'four divisions', 'Radiology Solutions', 'HealthCare IT', 'Digital Print', 'Offset Solutions', 'digital systems', 'healthcare sector', 'printing industry', 'Minimum price', 'Maximum price', 'Total price', 'Agfa-Gevaert shares', '2,299,218 treasury shares', 'leading company', '1,760 million Euro', 'April 15th', 'Johan Jacobs', '50,000,000 Euro', 'Belgium', 'CET', 'framework', 'March', 'purchase', 'market', 'authorization', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'behalf', 'terms', 'validity', 'result', 'decision', 'accordance', 'consequence', 'denominator', 'day', 'beginning', 'Story', '150 years', 'experience', 'Chemicals', 'analogue', 'turnover', 'Contact', 'Attachment', '5:40', '755,560', '10', '262']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,finance.yahoo.com
3150,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pixium-vision-announces-cash-position-050000834.html,Pixium Vision announces its cash position at 31 March 2022 and provides an update on its activities and financial outlook until the end of 2022,Pixium Vision announces its cash position at 31 March 2022 and provides an update on its activities and financial outlook until the end of 2022 Paris  France...,Pixium VisionPixium Vision announces its cash position at 31 March 2022 and provides an update on its activities and financial outlook until the end of 2022Paris  France  April 19  2022 – 07:00 CET– Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independently  announces a cash position of €10.4 million at 31 March 2022 and reports on its key developments.In total  at 31 March 2022  Pixium Vision’s cash position amounted to €10.4 million  compared to €14.5 million on 1 January 2022. Given its current cash position  the Company’s financial runway extends until the end of this year.Pixium Vision is continuing to explore various avenues that will enable it to secure the cash flow necessary to pursue its development. In particular  the Company is considering several financing offers it received and  at the appropriate time  will disclose to the market the main terms of any offer it accepts and will submit them for the approval of the shareholders at the next general meeting if the timing for convening the meeting allows.Key developments in the first quarter of 2022Highlights of the first quarter of 2022 included the announcement of the publication of peer-reviewed clinical data in Nature Communications as well as the FDA approval to add Stanford Medicine as a clinical site to the US feasibility study .In January  Pixium Vision announced the publication of peer-reviewed clinical data in Nature Communications demonstrating the clinical benefit of the Prima System* in Dry AMD patients. Some of the key takeaways amongst others were that the Prima System* implant was generally well tolerated over the 18-24 months period  and that the synchronous perception of natural and prosthetic vision has been demonstrated.Furthermore  in March  Pixium Vision announced the FDA approval of clinical trial expansion of Prima System* US feasibility study to the Byers Eye Institute at Stanford Medicine. This new clinical site for the study joins the original two locations at the UPMC Eye Center in Pittsburgh and the Bascom Palmer Eye Institute in Miami.Story continuesAbout Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System* sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.Forward-Looking Statements. This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risques”) section of the Company’s 2021 Half-Year Financial Report and other documents the Company files with the AMF  which is available on the AMF website (www.amf- france.org) or on the Company’s website.For more information:http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on@PixiumVision ;www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officerinvestors@pixium-vision.com+33 1 76 21 47 68 Media RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsSophie Baumontsophie@lifesciadvisors.com+33 6 27 74 74 49 Investor RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van Renterghemgvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com+41 76 735 01 31* CAUTION - Investigational device. Limited by United States law to investigational use.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.35,0.25,0.4,True,English,"['Pixium Vision', 'cash position', 'financial outlook', '31 March', 'update', 'activities', 'end', '2022', 'Prima System* sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'Prima System* US feasibility study', 'Institut de la Vision', 'Bascom Palmer Eye Institute', 'Prima System* implant', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'Facteurs de Risques', 'several financing offers', 'original two locations', 'Guillaume van Renterghem', 'United States law', 'Byers Eye Institute', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'peer-reviewed clinical data', 'clinical trial expansion', '18-24 months period', '2021 Half-Year Financial Report', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'UPMC Eye Center', 'new clinical site', 'next general meeting', 'amf- france.org', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Dry AMD patients', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'current cash position', 'forward looking statements', 'Pixium Vision Offer', 'research partners', 'clinical benefit', 'clinical testing', 'rehabilitation period', 'University hospital', 'prosthetic vision', 'financial outlook', 'financial runway', 'financial condition', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'key developments', 'various avenues', 'cash flow', 'appropriate time', 'main terms', 'first quarter', 'Nature Communications', 'Stanford Medicine', 'key takeaways', 'synchronous perception', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'press release', 'reasonable assumptions', 'actual results', 'Risk Factors', 'other documents', 'Media Relations', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Investor Relations', 'Investigational device', 'investigational use', 'FDA approval', 'numerous risks', 'Sophie Baumont', 'bioelectronics company', 'AMF website', '31 March', 'update', 'activities', 'end', 'April', '07:00 CET', 'sight', 'total', '1 January', 'market', 'shareholders', 'timing', 'Highlights', 'announcement', 'publication', 'others', 'natural', 'Pittsburgh', 'Miami', 'Story', 'world', 'academic', 'London', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'Entreprise', 'Bpifrance', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'discussion', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'information', 'pixium-vision', 'pixiumvision', 'Contacts', 'Nonhoff', 'lifesciadvisors', 'gvanrenterghem', 'CAUTION', '2022', '41']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,finance.yahoo.com
3151,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/groupe-chantelle-selects-centric-plm-120300388.html,Groupe Chantelle Selects Centric PLM™ to Digitize Product Development and Empower Omnichannel Strategy,Groupe Chantelle  the French lingerie giant  has selected Centric Software's Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solution. Centric Software provides the most ...,"French lingerie leader partners with Centric Software® for digital transformation and to streamline operations across global brands and factoriesCAMPBELL  Calif.  April 19  2022 /CNW/ -- Groupe Chantelle  the French lingerie giant  has selected Centric Software's Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solution. Centric Software provides the most innovative enterprise solutions to plan  design  develop  source and sell products such as apparel  footwear  sporting goods  furniture  home décor  cosmetics  food & beverage and luxury to achieve strategic and operational digital transformation goals.Groupe Chantelle Selects Centric PLM™ to Digitize Product Development and Empower Omnichannel StrategyWe want Centric PLM to be with us over the long term.Chantelle is a family business created in 1876 and has been owned by the Kretz family since 1900. Today  Chantelle has 4 000 employees worldwide and owns six brands − Chantelle  Passionata  Chantelle X  Femilet  Livera  and Darjeeling. The company has subsidiaries in 16 countries throughout Europe  Asia  Oceania  and North America  and factories in northern Africa  Asia  and France.Chantelle was facing business challenges within their Digital and Customer Care department. It was clear they needed to improve collaboration between teams worldwide  increase flexibility  speed responsiveness and ensure product availability.""We had a product data management (PDM) solution for about 20 years  but no PLM. We knew we absolutely had to implement this technology "" says Virginie Diquero  Organization Project Manager at Chantelle. ""We needed a more efficient and faster way to transfer images  content and data of our complete collection offer to our sites.""Chantelle's existing PDM did not allow them to easily manage collection assortments and they needed that functionality quickly. They were also looking for PLM to provide a foundation for marketing efforts.Chantelle's brand teams were working in silos and using tools like Excel and Google Drive to share important business information including budgets  collection plans  merchandizing strategies and more. Centric PLM will be deployed throughout the company across all brands  at the head office in France  in their factories and international commercial subsidiaries.Story continuesChoosing Centric PLM was a simple decision for Chantelle. ""We have known about Centric for a long time. They are number one in the market and Centric PLM meets our needs for developing collections  marketing presentations and product catalogs and image management  says Diquer. ""We want Centric PLM to be with us over the long term.""Chantelle expects PLM to streamline the product development process  enable more effective control of the material certification process  support planning and improve stock management accuracy. With supply chain challenges such as rising costs and transportation disruptions  PLM will eventually be rolled out to some of Chantelle's suppliers.Chantelle products are complex  as each bra model requires more than 80 different materials and is available in approximately thirty sizes. To date  Chantelle has nearly 80 000 active SKUs. Centric PLM will enable Chantelle to better control the entire supply chain.""Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) is also a priority for Chantelle "" says Cathy Sellier  Master Data Manager at Chantelle. ""We recently created a zero waste  fully recyclable bra  based on the circular economy model and we want to communicate our CSR initiatives more effectively. To do this  we need easier and faster access to data and Centric PLM can help us.""""Chantelle is an icon in the lingerie sector and we are proud to partner with them on their international omnichannel strategy "" says Chris Groves  President and CEO at Centric Software. ""With Centric PLM  Chantelle will be empowered to seamlessly manage supply chains and achieve ambitious CSR goals.""Learn more about Centric PLMRequest a DemoChantelle (www.chantelle.com)We are Chantelle – an international creative studio based in Paris and a family-owned company designing lingerie since 1876.Through our brands  built on the principles of collaboration and innovation  our group challenges conventional ways of designing  portraying and thinking about lingerie.Respect is what we stand for. Creativity is what we foster. Honesty is what we value. And quality is what drives us.For 145 years  we have made a point of managing our growth responsibly  while actively contributing to the well-being of our employees  partners and customers. Since its beginnings  our company has succeeded in building trusting and meaningful relationships with its stakeholders and is known for its product expertise  its high quality standards and its historic commitment to serving all women.In an effort to improve our global and social impact  we are driven by a long-term vision of a more equal  inclusive and respectful society. We aim to meet the great challenges of our times  related to climate change  biodiversity and social justice  in order to positively contribute to the world of tomorrow.Beauty  in all its forms  is what we care to protect: whether it be human-beings and their diversity  nature and its riches  or our know-how and its history.We are Chantelle and we believe we can make a difference. If you are reading this  then you can be part of the journey.Change is a collective adventure.Centric Software (www.centricsoftware.com)From its headquarters in Silicon Valley  Centric Software® provides a Product Concept to Consumer Digital Transformation Platform for fashion  retail  footwear  luxury  outdoor  consumer electronics and consumer goods including cosmetics and personal care and food and beverage. Centric's flagship Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) platform  Centric PLM™  delivers enterprise-class merchandise planning  product development  sourcing  quality and product portfolio optimization innovations specifically for fast-moving consumer industries. Centric Visual Innovation Platform (CVIP) offers highly visual digital board experiences for collaboration and decision-making. Centric Retail Planning is an innovative  cloud-native solution powered by Armonica Retail S.R.L.  that delivers an end-to-end retail planning process designed to maximize retail business performance. Centric Software pioneered mobility  introducing the first mobile apps for PLM  and is widely known for connectivity to dozens of other enterprise systems including ERP  DAM  PIM  e-com  planning and more as well as creative tools such as Adobe® Illustrator and a host of 3D CAD connectors. Centric's innovations are 100% market-driven with the highest user adoption rate and fastest time to value in the industry. All Centric innovations shorten time to market  boost product innovation and reduce costs.Centric Software is majority-owned by Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: #13065  DSY.PA)  the world leader in 3D design software  3D digital mock-up and PLM solutions.Centric Software has received multiple industry awards and recognition  including being named by Red Herring to its Top 100 Global list in 2013  2015 and 2016. Centric also received various excellence awards from Frost & Sullivan in 2012  2016  2018 and 2021.Centric Software is a registered trademark of Centric Software Inc. All other brands and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.Guangzhou Restaurant Group Transforms Cantonese Cuisine R&D with Centric PLM™ (PRNewsfoto/Centric Software)CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/groupe-chantelle-selects-centric-plm-to-digitize-product-development-and-empower-omnichannel-strategy-301527350.htmlSOURCE Centric SoftwareCisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/April2022/19/c0092.html",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.5,0.26,0.23,True,English,"['Empower Omnichannel Strategy', 'Groupe Chantelle', 'Centric PLM™', 'Product Development', 'operational digital transformation goals', 'French lingerie leader partners', 'innovative enterprise solutions', 'home décor', 'Empower Omnichannel Strategy', 'Customer Care department', 'Organization Project Manager', 'material certification process', 'international omnichannel strategy', 'international creative studio', 'stock management accuracy', 'French lingerie giant', 'entire supply chain', 'circular economy model', 'ambitious CSR goals', 'complete collection offer', 'important business information', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'international commercial subsidiaries', 'supply chain challenges', 'Master Data Manager', 'high quality standards', 'product development process', 'product data management', 'image management', 'business challenges', 'supply chains', 'bra model', 'product availability', 'product catalogs', 'product expertise', 'family business', 'collection assortments', 'collection plans', 'social impact', 'great challenges', 'social justice', 'lingerie sector', 'sporting goods', 'long term', 'Kretz family', 'North America', 'northern Africa', 'speed responsiveness', 'PDM) solution', 'Virginie Diquero', 'faster way', 'existing PDM', 'marketing efforts', 'Google Drive', 'merchandizing strategies', 'head office', 'simple decision', 'long time', 'marketing presentations', 'effective control', 'rising costs', 'transportation disruptions', '80 different materials', 'thirty sizes', '80,000 active SKUs', 'Cathy Sellier', 'zero waste', 'recyclable bra', 'CSR initiatives', 'faster access', 'Chris Groves', 'conventional ways', 'meaningful relationships', 'historic commitment', 'long-term vision', 'equal, inclusive', 'respectful society', 'climate change', 'Centric Software', 'PLM) solution', 'Centric PLM™', 'six brands', 'brand teams', 'family-owned company', 'Groupe Chantelle', 'Chantelle X', 'global brands', 'Chantelle products', 'operations', 'factories', 'CAMPBELL', 'Calif.', 'April', 'apparel', 'footwear', 'furniture', 'cosmetics', 'food', 'beverage', 'luxury', 'strategic', '4,000 employees', 'Passionata', 'Femilet', 'Livera', 'Darjeeling', '16 countries', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Oceania', 'France', 'collaboration', 'flexibility', '20 years', 'technology', 'efficient', 'images', 'content', 'sites', 'functionality', 'foundation', 'silos', 'tools', 'Excel', 'budgets', 'Story', 'Choosing', 'needs', 'collections', 'planning', 'suppliers', 'date', 'priority', 'easier', 'icon', 'President', 'CEO', 'Demo', 'Paris', 'principles', 'innovation', 'Creativity', 'Honesty', '145 years', 'point', 'growth', 'well-being', 'customers', 'beginnings', 'trusting', 'stakeholders', 'women', 'times', 'biodiversity', 'order']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,finance.yahoo.com
3152,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aegon-publishes-agenda-2022-annual-060000616.html,Aegon publishes agenda for 2022 Annual General Meeting,The Hague  April 19  2022 - Today  Aegon N.V. has published the agenda for its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) on Tuesday  May 31  2022. The...,Aegon N.V.The Hague  April 19  2022 - Today  Aegon N.V. has published the agenda for its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) on Tuesday  May 31  2022.The Executive Board will propose to the AGM that shareholders adopt the Annual Accounts 2021 and approve a final dividend for 2021 of EUR 0.09 per common share  which brings Aegon’s total dividend for 2021 to EUR 0.17 per common share.The agenda includes a proposal to reappoint Ms. Corien Wortmann-Kool as member of the Supervisory Board.Aegon will also propose to the AGM the appointment of Ms. Karen Fawcett as new member of the Supervisory Board. Ms. Fawcett is a financial services industry business leader with broad experience across retail businesses in international markets. From 2014 to 2017 she was CEO Retail Banking and Group Head  Brand & Marketing at Standard Chartered. She currently holds a number of non-executive director positions  with a portfolio across financial services and digital transformation  education  and climate change mitigation. Subject to regulatory approval and upon decision by the AGM  the appointment of Ms. Fawcett will be effective as of the end of the AGM on May 31  2022.The AGM will be held in a hybrid manner. This means that with respect to attending the AGM  shareholders have the choice to attend the AGM in person or virtually. Shareholders have the option to vote without attending the AGM. The terms of the Company’s policy regarding the hybrid meeting of shareholders will be applicable to the AGM. More information on how to attend and all documentation relating to the AGM 2022 can be found here.About AegonAegon is an integrated  diversified  international financial services group. The company offers investment  protection  and retirement solutions  with a strategic focus on three core markets (the United States  the United Kingdom  and the Netherlands)  three growth markets (Spain & Portugal  Brazil  and China)  and one global asset manager. Aegon's purpose of Helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a leading global investor and employer  the company seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues  with a focus on climate change and inclusion & diversity. Aegon is headquartered in The Hague  the Netherlands  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com.Story continuesContacts Media relations Investor relations Dick Schiethart Jan Willem Weidema+31(0) 6 2288 9925 +31(0) 70 344 8028 dick.schiethart@aegon.com janwillem.weidema@aegon.comForward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:Unexpected delays  difficulties  and expenses in executing against our environmental  climate  diversity and inclusion or other “ESG” targets  goals and commitments  and changes in laws or regulations affecting us  such as changes in data privacy  environmental  safety and health laws;Changes in general economic and/or governmental conditions  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Civil unrest  (geo-) political tensions  military action or other instability in a country or geographic region;Changes in the performance of financial markets  including emerging markets  such as with regard to: The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in Aegon’s fixed income investment portfolios; The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities Aegon holds; The effects of declining creditworthiness of certain public sector securities and the resulting decline in the value of government exposure that Aegon holds;Changes in the performance of Aegon’s investment portfolio and decline in ratings of Aegon’s counterparties;Lowering of one or more of Aegon’s debt ratings issued by recognized rating organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on Aegon’s ability to raise capital and on its liquidity and financial condition;Lowering of one or more of insurer financial strength ratings of Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the written premium  policy retention  profitability and liquidity of its insurance subsidiaries;The effect of the European Union’s Solvency II requirements and other regulations in other jurisdictions affecting the capital Aegon is required to maintain;Changes affecting interest rate levels and continuing low or rapidly changing interest rate levels;Changes affecting currency exchange rates  in particular the EUR/USD and EUR/GBP exchange rates;Changes in the availability of  and costs associated with  liquidity sources such as bank and capital markets funding  as well as conditions in the credit markets in general such as changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness;Increasing levels of competition in the United States  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and emerging markets;Catastrophic events  either manmade or by nature  including by way of example acts of God  acts of terrorism  acts of war and pandemics  could result in material losses and significantly interrupt Aegon’s business;The frequency and severity of insured loss events;Changes affecting longevity  mortality  morbidity  persistence and other factors that may impact the profitability of Aegon’s insurance products;Aegon’s projected results are highly sensitive to complex mathematical models of financial markets  mortality  longevity  and other dynamic systems subject to shocks and unpredictable volatility. Should assumptions to these models later prove incorrect  or should errors in those models escape the controls in place to detect them  future performance will vary from projected results;Reinsurers to whom Aegon has ceded significant underwriting risks may fail to meet their obligations;Changes in customer behavior and public opinion in general related to  among other things  the type of products Aegon sells  including legal  regulatory or commercial necessity to meet changing customer expectations;Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution channels;As Aegon’s operations support complex transactions and are highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology  operational risks such as system disruptions or failures  security or data privacy breaches  cyberattacks  human error  failure to safeguard personally identifiable information  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including with respect to third parties with which we do business may disrupt Aegon’s business  damage its reputation and adversely affect its results of operations  financial condition and cash flows;The impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  product withdrawals and other unusual items  including Aegon’s ability to integrate acquisitions and to obtain the anticipated results and synergies from acquisitions;Aegon’s failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational efficiencies  as well as other management initiatives related to cost savings  Cash Capital at Holding  gross financial leverage and free cash flow;Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments;Litigation or regulatory action that could require Aegon to pay significant damages or change the way Aegon does business;Competitive  legal  regulatory  or tax changes that affect profitability  the distribution cost of or demand for Aegon’s products;Consequences of an actual or potential break-up of the European monetary union in whole or in part  or the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union and potential consequences if other European Union countries leave the European Union;Changes in laws and regulations  particularly those affecting Aegon’s operations’ ability to hire and retain key personnel  taxation of Aegon companies  the products Aegon sells  and the attractiveness of certain products to its consumers;Regulatory changes relating to the pensions  investment  and insurance industries in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates;Standard setting initiatives of supranational standard setting bodies such as the Financial Stability Board and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors or changes to such standards that may have an impact on regional (such as EU)  national or US federal or state level financial regulation or the application thereof to Aegon  including the designation of Aegon by the Financial Stability Board as a Global Systemically Important Insurer (G-SII); andChanges in accounting regulations and policies or a change by Aegon in applying such regulations and policies  voluntarily or otherwise  which may affect Aegon’s reported results  shareholders’ equity or regulatory capital adequacy levels.Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are described in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,mixed,0.12,0.28,0.6,True,English,"['2022 Annual General Meeting', 'Aegon', 'agenda', 'US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Media relations Investor relations Dick Schiethart', 'integrated, diversified, international financial services group', 'financial services industry business leader', 'fixed income investment portfolios', 'one global asset manager', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'leading global investor', 'non-executive director positions', 'Jan Willem Weidema', 'Ms. Corien Wortmann-Kool', 'CEO Retail Banking', 'three core markets', 'three growth markets', 'climate change mitigation', 'Ms. Karen Fawcett', 'other “ESG” targets', 'The Executive Board', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Aegon N.V.', 'environmental, climate, diversity', 'international markets', 'Group Head', 'debt securities', 'financial markets', 'financial prospects', 'Ms. Fawcett', 'Annual Accounts', 'new member', 'retail businesses', 'hybrid meeting', 'social targets', 'general economic', 'Supervisory Board', 'other events', 'other instability', 'emerging markets', 'The Hague', 'final dividend', 'common share', 'total dividend', 'broad experience', 'Standard Chartered', 'digital transformation', 'regulatory approval', 'hybrid manner', 'retirement solutions', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'best lives', 'positive impact', 'societal issues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'economic conditions', 'future events', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'Unexpected delays', 'data privacy', 'governmental conditions', 'Civil unrest', 'political tensions', 'military action', 'geographic region', 'corporate bankruptcies', 'accounting restatements', 'resulting decline', 'critical environmental', 'More information', 'Forward-looking statements', 'strategic focus', 'future performance', 'various risks', 'Such risks', 'health laws', 'The AGM', 'company expectations', 'April', 'agenda', 'Shareholders', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'proposal', 'appointment', 'Brand', 'Marketing', 'number', 'education', 'decision', 'respect', 'choice', 'person', 'option', 'terms', 'policy', 'documentation', 'protection', 'Netherlands', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'Brazil', 'China', 'purpose', 'people', 'activities', 'employer', 'inclusion', 'Story', 'Contacts', 'words', 'project', 'plan', 'goal', 'trends', 'uncertainties', 'addition', 'sustainability', 'commitments', 'efforts', 'circumstances', 'guarantees', 'assumptions', 'obligation', 'duty', 'Readers', 'time', 'writing', 'changes', 'difficulties', 'expenses', 'regulations', 'safety', 'country', 'regard', 'frequency', 'severity', 'defaults', 'issuers', 'effects', 'value', 'equity', 'declining', 'credi']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,finance.yahoo.com
3153,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220419005232/en/Razorfish-Study-Finds-52-of-Gen-Z-Gamers-Feel-More-Like-Themselves-in-the-Metaverse-than-in-Real-Life,Razorfish Study Finds 52% of Gen Z Gamers Feel More Like Themselves in the Metaverse than in Real Life,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #GenZ--Razorfish and VICE Media Group released findings from new research that examines the metaverse’s impact on identity  social interactions  and commerce. The study  titled “The Metaverse: A View from Inside ” seeks to understa…,"""Metaverse: a View from Inside"" surveyed 1 000 gamers across the US to explore their attitudes and behaviors in this new 3D world. (Graphic: Business Wire)""Metaverse: a View from Inside"" surveyed 1 000 gamers across the US to explore their attitudes and behaviors in this new 3D world. (Graphic: Business Wire)NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Razorfish and VICE Media Group released findings from new research that examines the metaverse’s impact on identity  social interactions  and commerce. The study  titled “The Metaverse: A View from Inside ” seeks to understand how Gen Z  in particular  blends experiences across virtual and offline worlds  and the opportunities for brands to build meaningful interactions in this new space.According to survey responses  Gen Z gamers spend twice as much time hanging out with friends in the metaverse than they do in real life  with gamers spending 12.2 hours per week playing video games versus 6.6 hours hanging out with friends in-person. These gamers don’t only view their time in the metaverse as pure escapism  but also as an extension of real life: 52% of Gen Z gamers say they would like to experience making money in the metaverse  while 33% of them would like to experience building a career there.Gen Z gamers purchase items in the metaverse the same way they do in real life. Over the next five years  20% of Gen Z gamers' ""fun"" budgets (i.e.  money spent on entertainment  leisure  or recreation) will go to in-game purchases  with the average current spend being $50/year. Further  they welcome brands here: 33% of Gen Z gamers would like to see brands provide virtual stores for browsing and buying products in the metaverse  while 30% would like to see brands selling skins and apparel for their avatars.“Today’s youth are coming into their identities both in real life and in the metaverse  using experiences across both worlds to build confidence and hone their self-expression ” said Nicolas Chidiac  brand strategy lead at Razorfish. “Gen Z gamers view the metaverse as a safe place to freely express themselves  experiment with identities  establish friendships  and ultimately create a world they want to live in. It’s important that brands don’t dismiss the metaverse as a passing fad  but view it as a paradigm-shifting trend that’s just getting started.”Brands Will Lose a Key Demographic if They Ignore the MetaverseThe “metaverse” quickly arose as one of the early buzzwords of 2022. As marketers come to grips with understanding this new environment  Gen Z is already growing up with it; it isn’t foreign or futuristic to them - it is their reality  especially for gamers. In fact  57% of Gen Z gamers feel they’re able to self-express more openly to others in a game than they do in real life. The metaverse impacts the way Gen Z gamers think  socialize  and consume every day.The study further notes that Gen Z gamers regard the metaverse in a substantial way and  more specifically  are invested in the way they interact with brands in this alternate reality.The Metaverse Impacts Reality Beyond Brand ExperiencesKey findings of the Razorfish study revealed that:The metaverse gives gamers space to explore their identity. 45% of Gen Z gamers say  “I feel like my identity in a game is a truer expression of who I am.” Forty percent say it gives them self-confidence.Stress relief is a major driver. 77% of Gen Z gamers say their biggest motive for gaming is to relieve stress and anxiety.Gen Z is approaching the metaverse with practicality. 47% would like to use it to meet new people and 33% would like to use it to build a career.Data privacy is a concern for Gen Z gamers  but less than for older generations. 63% of Gen Z are concerned about data privacy in video games and the metaverse (vs. 66% Millennials and 70% Gen X).“Our study shows that Gen Z is using the metaverse to cultivate connections and explore who they really are ” said Julie Arbit  Global SVP  Insights at VICE Media Group. “It allows them to dream and co-create a more idealized version of the world. Brands would be remiss to not include the metaverse as a strategic piece of their initiatives  provided they do so in a way that both respects and enhances the overall experience.”How Brands Can Get StartedBrands today have a significant opportunity to explore the brand and commerce possibilities for this new frontier. The Razorfish report recommends that brands:Link it up – real life and the metaverse are interlinked  so should metaverse strategies.– real life and the metaverse are interlinked  so should metaverse strategies. Find purpose – what is the value exchange you'll be delivering against?– what is the value exchange you'll be delivering against? Be wary of shiny object syndrome – approach the metaverse with the same rigor as other channels. Which problem are you solving for  whom are you trying to engage with  what is the role of the product and how are you measuring success?– approach the metaverse with the same rigor as other channels. Which problem are you solving for  whom are you trying to engage with  what is the role of the product and how are you measuring success? Ethics matter – Proceed with caution; this is an unregulated space  so ethics count.Note to Editor: The full study  The Metaverse: A View from Inside  is available on razorfish.com  and publishable images can be downloaded here.MethodologyRazorfish and VICE Media Group conducted three phases of research in the US. Phase 1 was focused on digital ethnographies. Razorfish shadowed 12 Gen Z gamers during 1-hour video gaming experiences  using probes to understand why they chose certain avatars  and how they interact with other players  brands  and the environment. Phase 2 consisted of in-depth interviews with each gamer to dive deeper into their gaming experience and understand “who they are” when they play. Phase 3 (conducted January 20 – February 8  2022)  consisted of an online quantitative survey of 1 000 youth gamers across the U.S.Of the 12 gamers shadowed and interviewed  participants consisted of 50% female and 50% male Gen Z. Of the 1 000 gamers surveyed online  participants were comprised of 37% Gen Z  49% Millennial  14% Gen X and 51% female  45% male  4% nonbinary.About RazorfishRazorfish is a global leader in marketing transformation. We help brands and businesses grow by creating unforgettable experiences that connect and enrich people’s lives. A digital pioneer since the dawn of the internet  we’re back to write a new chapter. Everything we make starts with people. Our 1 400 strategy  data  creative and technology experts combine digital innovation  data and cultural insights to help us understand what people want at every part of the journey. Through capabilities in products & platforms; physical & digital; and campaigns & content  we turn ideas into experiences that make a difference for our clients  their customers  and the world we all live in.Learn more at razorfish.com. Twitter: @wearerazorfish | LinkedIn | Instagram | Facebook. Razorfish is part of Publicis Communications  a division of Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40]  a global leader in communication.About VICE Media GroupVICE Media Group is a global multi-platform media company. Launched in 1994  VICE has offices across 25 countries across the globe with a focus on five key businesses: VICE.com  an award-winning international network of digital content; VICE STUDIOS  a feature film and television production studio; VICE TV  an Emmy-winning international television network; a Peabody award-winning NEWS division with the most Emmy-awarded nightly news broadcast; and VIRTUE  a global  full-service creative agency. VICE Media Group’s portfolio includes Refinery29  the leading global media and entertainment company focused on women; PULSE Films  a London-based next-generation production studio with outposts in Los Angeles  New York  Paris and Berlin; and i-D  a global digital and bimonthly magazine defining fashion and contemporary culture and design.",neutral,0.07,0.76,0.17,mixed,0.19,0.19,0.62,True,English,"['Gen Z Gamers', 'Razorfish Study', 'Real Life', 'Metaverse', 'Gen Z gamers\' ""fun"" budgets', 'VICE Media Group', 'next five years', 'average current spend', 'shiny object syndrome', 'brand strategy lead', 'new 3D world', 'The Razorfish report', '70% Gen X', 'NEW YORK', 'new research', 'new environment', 'new people', 'new frontier', 'Business Wire', 'social interactions', 'meaningful interactions', 'survey responses', 'real life', 'video games', 'pure escapism', 'Nicolas Chidiac', 'safe place', 'passing fad', 'paradigm-shifting trend', 'Key Demographic', 'early buzzwords', 'truer expression', 'Forty percent', 'major driver', 'biggest motive', 'Data privacy', 'older generations', 'Julie Arbit', 'Global SVP', 'idealized version', 'strategic piece', 'overall experience', 'significant opportunity', 'value exchange', 'same rigor', 'other channels', 'new space', 'offline worlds', 'virtual stores', 'Key findings', 'Stress relief', 'commerce possibilities', 'The Metaverse', 'game purchases', 'substantial way', 'alternate reality', 'Brand Experiences', 'metaverse strategies', 'Razorfish study', '1,000 gamers', 'View', 'Inside', 'attitudes', 'behaviors', 'impact', 'identity', 'opportunities', 'brands', 'time', 'friends', '12.2 hours', 'week', '6.6 hours', 'person', 'extension', 'money', 'career', 'items', 'entertainment', 'leisure', 'recreation', 'browsing', 'products', 'skins', 'apparel', 'avatars', 'Today', 'youth', 'identities', 'confidence', 'self-expression', 'marketers', 'grips', 'fact', 'others', 'gaming', 'anxiety', 'practicality', 'concern', '66% Millennials', 'connections', 'Insights', 'initiatives', 'purpose', 'problem', 'role', 'success', 'wit']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,businesswire.com
3154,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220419005099/en/Many-Americans-worry-inflation-will-derail-ability-to-save-enough-for-retirement-Voya-survey-finds,Many Americans worry inflation will derail ability to save enough for retirement  Voya survey finds,WINDSOR  Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--As the rising cost of goods and services impacts the wallets of many Americans today  the growing concern of being able to save enough for retirement is also on the rise. Voya Financial  Inc. (NYSE: VOYA)  released new finding…,WINDSOR  Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--As the rising cost of goods and services impacts the wallets of many Americans today  the growing concern of being able to save enough for retirement is also on the rise. Voya Financial  Inc. (NYSE: VOYA)  released new findings from a consumer research survey revealing that 66% of Americans agree or strongly agree that they are worried about the impact of inflation on their ability to save enough for retirement. What’s more  an even greater amount of individuals agree or strongly agree they are worried about the impact of inflation on their personal finances and the ability to maintain their current lifestyle (71%).Retirement concerns greater among Generation X and millennialsAdding to the concerns of being able to meet current spending needs  Voya’s survey also found a majority (84%) of Americans feel like their money does not go as far as it used to go  leaving many to wonder how saving for the future will be able to remain a priority. But what Voya’s survey revealed as most interesting is the generational view on retirement stemming from the impacts of inflation today. Voya’s findings noted that three-quarters (73%) of millennials and Gen Xers (74%) agreed or strongly agreed that they are worried about the impact of inflation on their ability to save enough for retirement. And more than half (57%) of millennials  who now make up roughly one-third of the U.S. labor force 1 agree or strongly agree that  because of inflation  they will need to delay their planned retirement date. Meanwhile  just 55% of baby boomers and 62% of those in Generation Z agreed or strongly agreed that they are worried about the impact of inflation on their ability to save for retirement.“ The results of our latest consumer survey are an important reminder for employers that all generations  particularly those balancing the impact of competing financial priorities today  are feeling the impact inflation has on their ability to save for the future ” said Heather Lavallee  CEO of Wealth Solutions for Voya Financial. “ The past two years have also made it increasingly clear that many Americans will be faced with these competing priorities more than ever before. This could include challenges to building emergency savings  how to manage higher health care costs or general concerns about what actions to take and not to take when it comes to overall plans for one’s financial future. As a result  it’s important to remind individuals where many can seek support for addressing these challenges — their employer.”Millennial mindset shifts from saving for experiences to emergenciesThe concerns of millennials today may be rooted in their experience living through the Great Recession and then the recent economic downturn tied to the pandemic. Add to these concerns the burdens of student loan debt  higher health care costs or the rising cost of child care and education  and the uncertainties deepen. Often coined a generation likely to spend their hard-earned money on travel or entertainment  millennials stood out in Voya’s research as having the most concerns about the long-term financial impact of both COVID-19 and inflation. Voya’s survey also revealed that 68% of millennials agreed or strongly agreed that  because of inflation  they are not able to pay down debt as quickly as they want to — and even more (77%) agree or strongly agree that inflation has made them more aware of the need to save more for emergencies or unexpected events.“ Voya’s survey also found that  because of inflation  nearly half (43%) of individuals have had to tap into finances that they previously had set aside for retirement — and not surprisingly  this is even higher among millennials (57%) ” added Lavallee. “ As a result  employers and employees are increasingly looking at the value of benefits in relation to the total net outcome of individuals’ health and wealth needs. And it’s becoming increasingly important for employers to recognize one’s entire savings picture when it comes to the benefits we provide our employees.”“ While a focus will always remain on driving greater outcomes for retirement  the realities of our world today require a shift in thinking about the opportunities to harmonize one’s entire savings picture. Resources such as health savings accounts to offset the burden of medical costs  student loan debt support and tools for building emergency savings continue to grow in popularity as employer wellness benefits. Going forward  it will be critical for employers to provide support in these areas so these generations  and all individuals  can find greater opportunity to build a secure financial future ” concluded Lavallee.As an industry leader focused on the delivery of health  wealth and investment solutions to and through the workplace  Voya Financial is committed to delivering on its mission to make a secure financial future possible for all Americans — one person  one family  one institution at a time.All data unless noted otherwise is based on the results of a Voya Financial survey conducted March 29-30  2022  on the Ipsos eNation omnibus online platform among 1 000 adults aged 18+ in the U.S.1. PEW Research  “Millennials are the largest generation in the U.S. labor force ” (April 2018).About Voya Financial®Voya Financial  Inc. (NYSE: VOYA)  is a leading health  wealth and investment company that provides products  solutions and technologies that help Americans become well planned  well invested and well protected. Serving the needs of 14.3 million individual  workplace and institutional clients  Voya is a Fortune 500 company that had $4.2 billion in revenue in 2021 and $739 billion in total assets under management and administration as of Dec. 31  2021. Certified as a “Great Place to Work” by the Great Place to Work® Institute  Voya is purpose-driven and is equally committed to conducting business in a way that is socially  environmentally  economically and ethically responsible. Voya has earned recognition as: one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies® by the Ethisphere Institute; a member of the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index; and a “ Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion” on the Disability Equality Index. For more information  visit voya.com. Follow Voya Financial on Facebook  LinkedIn and Twitter @Voya.About IpsosIpsos is the world’s third largest market research company  present in 90 markets and employing more than 18 000 people. Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multispecialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. We serve more than 5000 clients across the world with 75 business solutions. Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos is listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1st  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and the Mid-60 index and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD). ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FP www.ipsos.com.Ipsos is a separate entity and not a corporate affiliate of Voya Financial®.VOYA-RET,negative,0.01,0.07,0.92,mixed,0.08,0.16,0.75,True,English,"['Many Americans', 'Voya survey', 'inflation', 'ability', 'retirement', 'U.S. labor force', 'higher health care costs', 'student loan debt support', 'past two years', 'recent economic downturn', 'health savings accounts', 'entire savings picture', 'current spending needs', 'latest consumer survey', 'competing financial priorities', 'secure financial future', 'consumer research survey', 'long-term financial impact', 'employer wellness benefits', 'Voya Financial survey', 'child care', 'medical costs', 'competing priorities', 'emergency savings', 'current lifestyle', 'individuals’ health', 'wealth needs', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'rising cost', 'growing concern', 'greater amount', 'generational view', 'Gen Xers', 'baby boomers', 'important reminder', 'overall plans', 'Millennial mindset', 'Great Recession', 'unexpected events', 'net outcome', 'greater outcomes', 'greater opportunity', 'industry leader', 'investment solutions', 'one person', 'one family', 'one institution', 'Generation X', 'Generation Z', 'Wealth Solutions', 'new findings', 'personal finances', 'general concerns', 'earned money', 'most concerns', 'Heather Lavallee', 'retirement date', 'many Americans', 'Retirement concerns', 'WINDSOR', 'Conn', 'goods', 'services', 'wallets', 'rise', 'NYSE', 'inflation', 'ability', 'millennials', 'majority', 'priority', 'impacts', 'three-quarters', 'half', 'one-third', 'results', 'employers', 'generations', 'CEO', 'challenges', 'actions', 'experiences', 'emergencies', 'pandemic', 'burdens', 'education', 'uncertainties', 'hard', 'travel', 'entertainment', 'COVID-19', 'employees', 'value', 'relation', 'total', 'focus', 'realities', 'world', 'shift', 'thinking', 'opportunities', 'Resources', 'tools', 'popularity', 'areas', 'delivery', 'workplace', 'mission', 'time', 'data']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,businesswire.com
3155,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cnova-n-v-first-quarter-054500229.html,CNOVA N.V. First Quarter 2022 Activity,CNOVA N.V. First quarter 2022 activity In a market impacted by a high comparison basis related to curfew  Cnova GMV is -9% vs 1Q21 and +1% compared to pre...,CNOVA N.V.First quarter 2022 activityIn a market impacted by a high comparison basis related to curfew  Cnova GMV is -9% vs 1Q21 and +1% compared to pre-pandemic period (i.e. 1Q19)  with well oriented KPIs for its 3 strategic pillars:Growing marketplace bene fiting from a record-high customer satisfaction GMV grew by +22% vs. 2019 (-10% vs. 2021)  reaching €342m Marketplace share reached 47. 8 %  +11. 5 pts growth vs. 2019 (+2.3 pts vs. 2021)Continued expansion of Digital Marketing revenues € 16 m in Q1  x2 vs. 2019 (+ 15 % vs. 2021 )Acceleration of B2B activities Octopia strong commercial dynamic : 17 contracts signed (+5 vs. Dec. 2021) Clients’ GMV backlog now exceeding €1bn on contracts duration C-Logistics is booming with now 3 7 clients (+1 5 contracts launched or signed vs. Dec. 2021)Customer satisfaction is still growing with NPS reaching 55.5  +11.4 pts vs. 2019 (+4.4 pts vs. 2021)AMSTERDAM – April 19  2022  07:45 CET Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova”) today announced its first quarter 2022 activity.1st quarter 2022 HighlightsDuring the 1st quarter 2022  the group continued to accelerate on its 3 strategic pillars  with increasing marketplace GMV (+22% vs. 2019  -10% vs. 2021) and digital marketing (x2 vs. 2019  +15% vs. 2021) as well as growing B2B initiatives with Octopia (17 contracts signed) and C-Logistics counting 37 clients.Marketplace GMV increased by +22% vs. 2019 (-10% vs. 2021). The number of sellers reached more than 13 200 with a record-high quality level narrowing the gap with the overall NPS supported by the development of Fulfilment by Cdiscount and Cdiscount Express seller. Marketplace revenues reached €45m  growing +28% vs. 2019 (-7% vs. 2021). On a LTM basis  marketplace revenues reached €192m.Digital marketing revenues reached €16m in the 1st quarter  growing x2 vs. 2019 (+15% vs. 2021)  mainly driven by the development of sponsored products thanks to enhanced bidding algorithms powered by artificial intelligence. On a LTM basis  digital marketing revenues reached €71m.Customer loyalty has increased thanks to a record high customer satisfaction measured by the NPS (55.5  +11.4pts vs. 2019 and +4.4pts vs. 2021)  with a focus on express delivery and enhanced customer experience on Cdiscount.com. Our loyal customer base increased  with Cdiscount à Volonté (CDAV) reaching 2.5 million members  growing +34% vs. 2019 (+8% vs. 2021).B2B activities are still accelerating. Octopia GMV reached €28m in the 1st quarter of 2022  (+5% vs. 2021) mainly thanks to the development of Fulfilment-as-a-Service  x6 parcels shipped in Q1 vs. 2019 and +9% vs. 2021  and Products-as-a-Service. Merchants- and Marketplace-as-a-Service offers are accelerating with 5 major contracts signed during the 1st quarter of 2022 and clients’ GMV backlog now exceeding €1bn on contracts duration. C-Logistics third party offers benefited from a strong commercial ramp-up with now 37 clients launched or signed  15 additional customers vs. end 2021.Total GMV increased by +1% vs. 2019 (-9% vs. 2021) with a strong growth in marketplace (+22% vs. 2019) and reduction in direct sales (-24% vs. 2019) in line with the mix improvement strategy.Story continuesEmmanuel Grenier  Cnova CEO  commented :“In a sensitive and uncertain market  this 1st quarter confirmed our relevant positioning with the strong growth of our 3 strategic pillars compared to the pre-pandemic period while external factors influenced and continue to significantly impact all economic activities.In this challenging context  our ecommerce platform benefited from a continuously growing Cdiscount à Volonté customer base  giving advantage to the strong acceleration of our digital marketing solutions.On the B2B side  C-Logistics and Octopia continued their commercial dynamics  notably with contracts signed with major e-commerce players and retailers confirming our strategic route on this segment.”First q uarter 202 2 Key f iguresnova N.V.First quarter (1) vs. 2021vs. 20192022 2021 Key operational metrics Traffic (million visits) 261.2 296.3 -11.9% +2.3% Orders (2) (million) 6.0 7.4 -18.2% -8.1% o/w Marketplace 4.2 5.0 -16.3% +7.1% Items sold (million) 10.1 12.6 -19.3% -16.9% o/w Marketplace 6.2 7.4 -15.8% +1.5% Key financial figures (€m) Total GMV 915.7 1 006.3 -9.0% +1.1% Ecommerce platformo/w Direct sales887.4 979.3 -9.4% -1.8% 372.8 454.8 -18.0% -24.4% o/w Marketplace (3) 341.5 380.5 -10.2% +21.8% o/w Services 73.2 52.3 +40.0% x2.5 o/w Other revenuesOctopia99.8 91.7 +8.8% -0.3% 28.3 27.0 +5.0% n/m Total Net Sales 448.9 517.9 -13.3% -14.8%First q uarter 202 2 HighlightsGMVFirst quarter (1) vs. 2021 vs. 2019 Total growth -9.0% +1.1% Marketplace growth -10.2% +21.8% Octopia growth +5.0% n/mTotal GMV posted a +1.1% increase vs. 2019 (-9.0% vs. 2O21). Compared to pre-pandemic period (1st quarter 2019)  GMV was stable despite decreasing trend on direct sales due to a voluntary shift to the marketplace. GMV benefited from the high growth of Marketplace  B2C services and the launch of Octopia offers over this 3-year period.Marketplace1Q22Change vs. 2021 vs. 2019 Marketplace product GMV share 47.8% +2.3 pts +11.5 pts Marketplace Fulfilment GMV share 38.8% +4.4 pts +14.2 pts Marketplace revenues €45.2m -7.1% +28.4%Marketplace continued to be a driving force for Cnova  with GMV increasing by +21.8% vs. 2019 (-10.2% vs. 2021). GMV share increased by +11.5pts vs. 2019 (+2.3pts vs. 2021)  benefiting from a growing share of GMV fulfilled by Cdiscount which increased by +14.2pts vs. 2019 (+4.4pts vs. 2021).Net SalesFirst quarter (1) vs. 2021 vs. 2019 Total growth -14.5% -16.0%Net Sales amounted to €442.6m  a -16.0% decrease vs. 2019 (-14.5% vs. 2021). This decrease is explained by the decrease of direct sales by -24.4% vs. 2019 (-18.0% vs. 2021) mainly resulting from the acceleration of the profitable shift towards marketplace sales  which are only recognized for the associated commissions.Business HighlightsIncreasing Marketplace revenues and Marketplace GMV shareThe Marketplace grew by + 2 1 . 8 % in the 1 st quarter vs. 2019 (-10.2% vs. 2021)  with a record high NPS of 55.5 (+11.4pts vs. 2019 and +4.4pts vs. 2021);This led to a 4 7 . 8 % Marketplace GMV share in the 1 st quarter 2022  growing +11. 5 pts vs. 2019 (+2.3pts vs. 2021);Marketplace revenue generation  supported by CARS digital marketing bidding platform  grew by +28.4% in the 1st quarter vs. 2019 (-7.1% vs. 2021)  reaching €45.2m and €192.3m over the last twelve months  decreasing -2.9% vs. the previous last twelve months period.Expansion of marketplace SKUs eligible to express delivery is a key driver of growth  customer satisfaction and contributes to the development of our loyalty program  Cdiscount à Volonté (CDAV). It is also supporting the product mix improvement strategy towards more recurring and profitable categories. Fulfilment by Cdiscount and Cdiscount Express Seller kept on extending their offering to reach 2.9 million eligible SKUs (+94% vs. 2021).Our loyalty program Cdiscount à Volonté (CDAV) customer base grew by +33.5% vs. 2019 (+7.6% vs 2021)  reaching 2.5 million members. CDAV represented 44.0% of total GMV in the 1st quarter 2022. CDAV members show more purchase recurrence and loyalty than non-CDAV clients.B2C Services showed solid performanceB2C Services GMV amounted to €73.2m in the 1st quarter 2022  a x2.5 growth vs. 2019 (+40% vs. 2021);Cdiscount Voyages & Billetterie (travel & ticketing) experienced a significant acceleration  posting a strong +62% GMV growth vs. 2019 (x2.3 vs. 2021);Cdiscount Mobile (cell phone plans) activity performed very well during the 1st quarter 2022 with a x5.3 GMV growth vs. 2019 (+65% vs. 2021) and a strong subscriber growth.Enhanced customer experience and record high NPSCnova achieved a strong + 11 . 4 points NPS improvement this quarter vs. 2019 (+4.4 points vs. 2021)  thanks to intensified efforts to improve customer experience before  during and after the sale.Cnova reduced delivery time thanks to the increase of the express delivery share (47 . 7%  +6.8 points vs. 2021) . This was supported by the development of Marketplace express delivery options through Fulfilment by Cdiscount and Cdiscount Express Seller.Cnova also carried on its “say yes to the customer” policy  with now 100% positive and immediate answers to Cdiscount à Volonté customers claims (+20pts vs. 2021) and proactive preventive actions for every abnormal event happening during the customer journey.Dynamic digital marketing powered by Cdiscount Ads Retail SolutionDigital marketing revenues doubled in the 1 st quarter compared to 2019 (+14.7% vs. 2021)  reinforcing Cnova’s most profitable activity.It was supported by CARS bidding platform  where the number of users grew quickly to reach 5 915 (+34.4% vs. 2021) . CARS turnkey white label offer’s commercial start is promising with a first major client launched  another one signed and several prospects expected to convert in the short term.Cnova also continues to develop new features and accelerates on successful initiatives to reinforce its offer: Display more videos on product sheets  with a priority given to Top searches; Boost Cdiscount.com animation through l ives to promoted products and key commercial periods; Accelerate the development of Sponsored Products and Google Shopping .Acceleration of Octopia  the turnkey tech-enabled marketplace solutionOctopia GMV experienced a +5.0% vs. 2021The commercial ramp-up is very promising and still accelerating: Merchant s- as - a - Service and Marketplace - as - a - Service solutions already convinced several international players and have consequent order backlogs; Fulfilment-as-a-Service activity grew at a very pace with parcels delivery outside of Cdiscount.com multiplied by 6 vs. 2019 (+8.5% vs. 2021).With already 37 clients signed or launched  C Chez Vous and C-Logistics are accelerating in the 1st quarter of 202215 new clients signed or launched in the 1 st quarter of 2022 aloneC Chez Vous aims at becoming the French leader in delivery of heavy and bulky products  reaching record high NPS of 87 (+7 points vs. 2021) with already 33 clients launched or signed.C-Logistics aims at being a leading e-commerce third-party logistics player with now 4 players launched or signed for a full end-to-end logistics solution.Cnova pursues its CSR strategy to build a sustainable and inclusive European digital leaderCnova is committed promoting a more sustainable way to consume.Already a leading actor on 2 nd -hand and refurbishment  Cnova develops its offer on all its product categories: more than 1 out of 10 laptops sold on Cdiscount.com are refurbished; a new partnership was signed with Biicou to offer refurbished strollers in France.In 2022  Cnova will accelerate the promotion of more sustainable products within its offer  by defining extended sustainability criteria and reinforcing their visibility on Cdiscount.com.An initiative was also launched to assess the ESG performance of Cnova’s suppliers and sellers  with a target of hundreds of partners audited by the end of 2022.Cnova supports local economies as wellCdiscount develops its “Made In France” offer  with 17k products available on the website at the end of the 1st quarter 2022Cnova brings its support to the community to answer societal issues:A 3-year partnership was signed with Make.org  an independent platform promoting the engagement of the civil society to address social matters  to work especially on the topic of inequalities suffered by womenCnova’s HR policy is recognizedCdiscount reached 92/100 in 2021 in the consolidated gender index (+1 vs. 2020)  demonstrating the commitment of Cdiscount to promote equal opportunities for women and menFinally  Cnova came up in the Top10 of the Great Place to Work 2022 ranking4***About Cnova N.V.Cnova N.V.  the French ecommerce leader  serves 9.6 million active customers via its state-of-the-art website  Cdiscount. Cnova N.V.’s product offering provides its clients with a wide variety of very competitively priced goods  fast and customer-convenient delivery options  practical and innovative payment solutions as well as travel  entertainment and domestic energy services. Cnova N.V. is part of Groupe Casino  a global diversified retailer. Cnova N.V.'s news releases are available at www.cnova.com. Information available on  or accessible through  the sites referenced above is not part of this press release.This press release contains regulated information (gereglementeerde informatie) within the meaning of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) which must be made publicly available pursuant to Dutch and French law. This press release is intended for information purposes only.Cnova Investor Relations Contact:investor@cnovagroup.comMedia contact:directiondelacommunication@cdiscount.comTel: +33 6 18 33 17 86***1 All figures are unaudited2 Total placed orders before cancellation due to fraud detection and/or customer non-payment3 Including CARS digital marketing4 https://www.greatplacetowork.fr/palmares/best-workplaces-france-2022/Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,positive,0.62,0.29,0.1,True,English,"['CNOVA N.V.', 'First Quarter 2022 Activity', 'growing Cdiscount à Volonté customer base', 'Key operational metrics Traffic', '07:45 CET Cnova N.V.', 'record high customer satisfaction', 'C-Logistics third party offers', 'loyal customer base', 'Key f igures', 'Key financial figures', 'record-high customer satisfaction', 'record-high quality level', 'mix improvement strategy', 'First q uarter', 'digital marketing solutions', 'growing B2B initiatives', 'major e-commerce players', 'high comparison basis', 'Digital Marketing revenues', 'strong commercial dynamic', 'strong commercial ramp-up', 'Cdiscount Express seller', 'First quarter 2022 activity', '€342m Marketplace share', 'Total Net Sales', 'Clients’ GMV backlog', 'Customer loyalty', 'customer experience', 'high growth', 'Growing marketplace', 'commercial dynamics', 'express delivery', 'Other revenues', 'Cdiscount.com', 'strong growth', 'Cnova CEO', 'LTM basis', 'Service offers', 'B2B activities', 'direct sales', 'B2B side', '1st quarter', 'Total growth', 'Cnova GMV', 'Marketplace revenues', 'pre-pandemic period', '3 strategic pillars', 'Continued expansion', 'Euronext Paris', 'bidding algorithms', 'artificial intelligence', 'x6 parcels', '15 additional customers', 'Emmanuel Grenier', 'relevant positioning', 'external factors', 'economic activities', 'challenging context', 'ecommerce platform', 'strategic route', 'decreasing trend', 'voluntary shift', 'Total GMV', '5 major contracts', 'strong acceleration', '2.5 million members', 'million visits', 'increasing marketplace', 'Marketplace growth', 'uncertain market', 'B2C services', 'contracts duration', 'Marketplace GMV', '5 pts growth', 'overall NPS', 'Octopia growth', 'Octopia GMV', '3 7 clients', '37 clients', '17 contracts', '+1 5 contracts', 'curfew', '1Q21', '1Q19', 'KPIs', 'Dec.', 'AMSTERDAM', 'April', 'CNV', 'ISIN', 'Highlights', 'group', 'number', 'sellers', 'gap', 'development', 'Fulfilment', 'products', 'focus', 'CDAV', 'reduction', 'line', 'Story', 'sensitive', 'advantage', 'retailers', 'segment', 'Orders', 'Items', '+1.1% increase', '2O21', 'launch', '2019', '4.']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,finance.yahoo.com
3156,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220419005756/en/Teleperformance-Sustained-Growth-in-Business-in-First-Quarter-2022,Teleperformance: Sustained Growth in Business in First-Quarter 2022,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and advanced related services  has released its quarterly revenue figures for the three months ended March 31  202…,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and advanced related services  has released its quarterly revenue figures for the three months ended March 31  2022.First-quarter 2022 revenueRevenue: €1 962 million up +14.6% as reported up +6.5 % like-for-like up +11.1% like-for-like  excluding the impact of Covid support contractsRobust  responsible growthStrong sales momentum   led by the accelerating pace of market digitalization  particularly in the social media and financial services ecosystems  and by the upturn in the travel industry  led by the accelerating pace of market digitalization  particularly in the social media and financial services ecosystems  and by the upturn in the travel industry Expected impact over the quarter of the year-on-year decline in revenue from support services for government vaccination campaigns (Covid support contracts)Active  targeted external growth with the impact of acquisitions in the United States  of Health Advocate in June 2021 in the healthcare sector and of Senture in December 2021 in government serviceswith the impact of acquisitions in the United States  of Health Advocate in June 2021 in the healthcare sector and of Senture in December 2021 in government services US$6 million global partnership signed with UNICEF to improve children’s education programs in India and the Philippines and contribute to the agency’s global disaster relief fund  including to UkraineFull-year 2022 objectives confirmedLike-for-like revenue growth above +10% (excluding the impact of Covid support contracts)Like-for-like growth above +5%A 30 basis-point increase in EBITA margin before non-recurring itemsFurther targeted acquisitions capable of creating value and strengthening the Group’s high value-added businesses* At constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation**At constant scope of consolidation and exchange rates  and excluding the impact of the change in revenue from the Covid support contractsCommenting on this performance  Teleperformance Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Daniel Julien said: “This first quarter performance holds a great deal of promise for another year of growth. Despite particularly high prior-year comparatives and an economic environment disrupted by the crisis in Ukraine  we delivered sustained like-for-like revenue growth of +6.5%  and of +11.1% before the expected decline in revenue from the Covid support contracts. Quarterly revenue was lifted by robust business development  particularly in the Ibero-LATAM region and in India  in a rapidly transforming  fast-growing market. The recent strategic acquisitions of Health Advocate and Senture in the United States also made a significant contribution to the Group’s expansion during the quarter. Lastly  we recently curtailed our commitments in Russia  where our exposure remains at less than 1% of our revenue stream.Based on this encouraging first quarter  and despite an increasingly destabilized global context  we can confirm our full-year guidance  with in particular a like-for-like increase in revenue of more than +5%  and of more than +10% excluding the impact of Covid support contracts. We also remain committed to pursuing targeted acquisitions to strengthen our high value-added businesses.In an environment marked by further crises  with people thrown into highly vulnerable circumstances  we were proud to recently announce the signing of a partnership with UNICEF to support children’s education and contribute to the agency's worldwide disaster relief fund. The US$6 million partnership will help improve education programs in India and the Philippines and provide emergency disaster relief around the world. As part of the partnership  we have already donated US$500 000 to UNICEF to support its work in Ukraine. We have also donated an equivalent amount to support the work of the Red Cross in Ukraine.""------------------------Consolidated revenue€ millions 2022 2021 % change Like-for-like Reported Average exchange rate €1 = US$1.12 €1 = US$1.20 First quarter 1 962 1 712 +6.5% +14.6%Consolidated revenue came in at €1 962 million for the first quarter of 2022  representing a year-on-year increase of +6.5% at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation (like-for-like) and +14.6% as reported. The favorable currency effect  which added +€54 million to reported revenue  stemmed primarily from the rise against the euro in the US dollar and  to a lesser extent the pound sterling  the Brazilian real and the Indian rupee. Changes in the scope of consolidation had an +€82 million positive impact  reflecting the consolidation of Health Advocate from July 1  2021 and of Senture from January 1  2022.Like-for-like growth during the quarter was particularly strong given the negative but expected impact of the change in revenue from Covid support contracts (down -€83 million compared with first-quarter 2021). Adjusted for this non-recurring impact  like-for-like growth stood at +11.1% for the period. The gain reflected the very robust sales momentum in the Core Services & D.I.B.S. activities  driven by accelerating market digitalization  particularly in the social media ecosystem  and a recovery in certain sectors that had suffered during the health crisis  such as hospitality and online travel. Specialized Services revenue also rose sharply over the period  lifted by strong growth in the TLScontact visa application management business  which benefited from highly favorable prior-year comparatives and the steady upturn in its business volumes.Revenue by activityQ1 2022 Q1 2021 % change € millions Like-for-like Reported CORE SERVICES & D.I.B.S.* 1 711 1 536 +5.4% +11.4% English-speaking & Asia-Pacific (EWAP) 599 508 +1.8% +18.1% Ibero-LATAM 525 442 +16.2% +18.9% Continental Europe & MEA (CEMEA) 459 481 -3.5% -4.7% India 128 105 +17.1% +21.6% SPECIALIZED SERVICES 251 176 +15.5% +42.2% TOTAL 1 962 1 712 +6.5% +14.6%* Digital Integrated Business ServicesCore Services & Digital Integrated Business Services (D.I.B.S.) (D.I.B.S.)Core Services & D.I.B.S. revenue amounted to €1 711 million in first-quarter 2022  a year-on-year increase of +5.4% like-for-like. Reported growth came to +11.4%  with the difference primarily reflecting the rise against the euro in the US dollar and  to a lesser extent sterling  the Brazilian real and the Indian rupee. In addition  the consolidation of Senture from January 1  2022 added +€50 million to reported revenue for the quarter.Excluding the impact of the decline in revenue from Covid support contracts  the Core Services & D.I.B.S. activities delivered double-digit like-for-like growth over the period  driven by the accelerating development of the digital economy  particularly in the social media  online entertainment and online food services segments. In addition  the financial services  healthcare and automotive segments saw rapid expansion during the period. Growth in the hospitality and tourism segments  which had been hard hit by the health crisis  continued to gain momentum in every operating region.English-speaking & Asia-Pacific (EWAP)Regional revenue came to €599 million in first-quarter 2022  up +1.8% like-for-like. and +18.1% as reported  i.e.  including the favorable currency effect stemming from the rise of the US dollar and pound sterling against the euro and the positive impact of consolidating Senture from January 1  2022.Business growth in the North American market confirmed the renewed momentum that emerged in the second half of last year  both in the domestic market and in the Philippines-based offshore operations. The online entertainment  financial services and healthcare segments expanded at a firm pace and the hospitality and tourism segments continued to rebound.Business in the United Kingdom ended the period down year-on-year  due to the expected steep fall-off in revenue from Covid support contracts. Among the other segments  insurance saw sustained gains and healthcare ramped up quickly during the quarter.In Asia  business growth continued to be driven by the contribution from recently signed contracts with global leaders in the social media and online entertainment sectors  notably served from the multilingual hubs in Malaysia and from Indonesia.Ibero-LATAMFirst-quarter 2022 revenue for the Ibero-LATAM region amounted to €525 million  a year-on-year increase of +16.2% like-for-like. Reported growth came to +18.9%  primarily due to the increase in the Brazilian real and the Mexican peso against the euro.Despite an unfavorable basis of comparison  business in the region expanded at a fast pace  led by the contribution from a large number of new contracts  particularly with e-clients.During the quarter  growth was robust in Brazil  Argentina  Peru and in the nearshore activities  particularly in the Dominican Republic and Guatemala  as well as in Honduras and Nicaragua  where the Group recently launched operations. The multilingual operations in Portugal serving global market leaders in the digital economy continued to expand steadily.Across the region  business was very brisk in the social media  online entertainment  hospitality and tourism  online food services  automotive and healthcare segments.Continental Europe & MEA (CEMEA)Revenue in the CEMEA region amounted to €459 million in the first three months of 2022  a year-on-year decline of -3.5% like-for-like and of -4.7% as reported  with the difference reflecting the decline in the Turkish lira and Russian ruble against the euro.The slight contraction in business stemmed from the change in contribution from Covid support contracts  particularly in the Netherlands  France and Germany. As expected  revenue from these contracts dropped off more markedly towards quarter-end  and will continue to decline sharply in the second quarter.Excluding the impact of Covid support contracts  business growth was satisfactory in the region. Business with multinational clients  particularly in the e-tailing and transportation segments  was dynamic over the period  notably in the German-speaking markets  Egypt  Romania and Poland. Growth in the hospitality and tourism segments continued to pick up pace in the first quarter.IndiaIn the first quarter of 2022  operations in India generated €128 million in revenue  up +17.1% from the prior-year period on a like-for-like basis and by a stronger +21.6% as reported  due to the positive currency effect caused by the upturn in the Indian rupee against the euro.Offshore activities  which are the main source of regional revenue and include high value-added solutions  enjoyed rapid growth over the period  buoyed by strong momentum in the e-tailing  transportation and hospitality and tourism segments.Domestic operations reported satisfactory growth while e-tailing and online food services continued to ramp-up quickly.Specialized ServicesRevenue from Specialized Services stood at €251 million in first-quarter 2022  a year-on-year increase of +15.5% like-for-like and of +42.2% as reported. The difference between like-for-like and reported growth stemmed from afavorable currency effect caused by the rise of the US dollar against the euro and a positive scope effect (+€32 million) due to the consolidation of Health Advocate from July 1  2021.TLScontact’s revenues climbed very sharply during the period  thanks to a favorable basis of comparison with stronger volumes’ recovery since the second half of last year. In particular  demand for UK visa applications returned to pre-crisis levels during the quarter. Business in the Schengen area continued to trend upwards  but remained below pre-crisis levels due to the dearth of inbound travelers from China. While revenue is expected to continue rebounding throughout the year  growth remains difficult to estimate given the impact on international travel of the war in Ukraine and the ever-evolving health situation.LanguageLine Solutions  the activity’s main contributor and business growth driver  advanced at a satisfactory pace over the quarter  especially in the healthcare segment  though growth rates were dampened by a high basis of comparison.The debt collection business in North America reported satisfactory quarterly revenue growth  particularly in the nearshore activities  led by the robust sales momentum built up since last year.OutlookBased on this encouraging first quarter  and despite an increasingly destabilized global context  Teleperformance has confirmed its full-year 2022 objectives  which include:- Like-for-like revenue growth above +10% (excluding the impact of Covid support contracts);- Decrease in contribution from Covid support contracts;- Like-for-like revenue growth above +5%;- A 30 basis-point increase in EBITA margin before non-recurring items;- Further targeted acquisitions capable of creating value and strengthening the Group's high value-added businesses.-----------------DisclaimerAll forward-looking statements are based on Teleperformance management’s present expectations of future events and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For a detailed description of these factors and uncertainties  please refer to the “Risk Factors” section of our Universal Registration Document  available at www.teleperformance.com. Teleperformance undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements.Conference call with analysts and investorsTuesday  April 19  2022 at 6:15p.m. CETA replay of the conference call will be available for subsequent listening on Teleperformance’s website  along with the relevant documentation  in the Investor Relations section under Quarterly Financial Information (www.teleperformance.com)  and by clicking on the following link:https://www.teleperformance.com/en-us/investors/publications-and-events/financial-publications/Agenda indicatif de communication financièreFirst-half 2022 results: July 28  2022Third-quarter 2022 revenue: November 3  2022About Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and advanced related services  serves as a strategic partner to the world’s largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. Nearly 420 000 employees  based in 88 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and around 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the “Simpler  Faster  Safer” process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry’s highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2021  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €7 115 million (US$8.4 billion  based on €1 = $1.18) and net profit of €557 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350 and MSCI Global Standard. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019 and the FTSE4Good index since 2018.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformanceAppendixGlossary - Alternative Performance MeasuresChange in like-for-like revenue:Change in revenue at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation = [current year revenue - last year revenue at current year rates - revenue from acquisitions at current year rates] / last year revenue at current year rates.EBITDA before non‑recurring items or current EBITDA (Earnings before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation and Amortization):Operating profit before depreciation & amortization  amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination  goodwill impairment charges and non-recurring items.EBITA before non‑recurring items or current EBITA (Earnings before Interest  Taxes and Amortization):Operating profit before amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination  goodwill impairment charges and non-recurring items.Non‑recurring items:Principally comprises restructuring costs  incentive share award plan expense  costs of closure of subsidiary companies  transaction costs for the acquisition of companies  and all other expenses that are unusual by reason of their nature or amount.Net free cash flow:Cash flow generated by the business - acquisitions of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment net of disposals - financial income/expenses.Net debt:Current and non-current financial liabilities - cash and cash equivalentsDiluted earnings per share (net profit attributable to shareholders divided by the number of diluted shares and adjusted):Diluted earnings per share is determined by adjusting the net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding by the effects of all potentially diluting ordinary shares. These include convertible bonds  stock options and incentive share awards granted to employees when the required performance conditions have been met at the end of the financial year.NB : The alternative performance measures (APM) are defined in the Appendix",neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,mixed,0.33,0.21,0.46,True,English,"['Sustained Growth', 'Teleperformance', 'Business', 'First-Quarter', 'Chief Executive Officer Daniel Julien', 'worldwide disaster relief fund', 'global disaster relief fund', '+€82 million positive impact', 'Active, targeted external growth', 'US$6 million global partnership', 'emergency disaster relief', 'citizen experience management', 'Strong sales momentum', 'high value-added businesses', 'high prior-year comparatives', 'favorable currency effect', 'US$6 million partnership', 'Covid support contracts', 'Average exchange rate', 'advanced related services', 'financial services ecosystems', 'robust business development', 'government vaccination campaigns', 'transforming, fast-growing market', 'constant exchange rates', 'Robust, responsible growth', 'recent strategic acquisitions', 'encouraging first quarter', 'quarterly revenue figures', 'first quarter performance', 'support services', 'global leader', 'global context', 'US dollar', 'government services', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'targeted acquisitions', 'market digitalization', 'Regulatory News', 'outsourced customer', 'three months', 'accelerating pace', 'social media', 'travel industry', 'United States', 'Health Advocate', 'healthcare sector', 'Full-year 2022 objectives', 'EBITA margin', 'recurring items', 'great deal', 'Ibero-LATAM region', 'significant contribution', 'full-year guidance', 'vulnerable circumstances', 'equivalent amount', 'Red Cross', 'lesser extent', 'pound sterling', 'Brazilian real', 'Indian rupee', 'constant scope', 'education programs', '30 basis-point increase', 'revenue stream', 'Consolidated revenue', 'Teleperformance Chairman', 'economic environment', 'revenue growth', 'recurring impact', 'year increase', 'First-quarter 2022 revenue', 'year decline', 'PARIS', 'TEP', 'upturn', 'June', 'Senture', 'December', 'UNICEF', 'children', 'Philippines', 'agency', 'Ukraine', 'non', 'Group', 'consolidation', 'promise', 'crisis', 'expected', 'expansion', 'commitments', 'Russia', 'exposure', 'further', 'crises', 'people', 'signing', 'work', 'euro', 'Changes', 'July', 'January', 'negative']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,businesswire.com
3157,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/92320/unicredit-extends-worldline-open-banking-deal,UniCredit extends Worldline open banking deal,UniCredit  one of the major pan-European banks  has renewed the partnership with Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  for the Open Banking Third Party Provider (TPP) service.,Source: WorldlineUniCredit  one of the major pan-European banks  has renewed the partnership with Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  for the Open Banking Third Party Provider (TPP) service.The partnership with Worldline allows UniCredit customers to connect their accounts in other banks throughout Europe via one single application programming interface (API). This enables UniCredit to effectively offer Account Information Services (AIS) and Payment Initiation Services (PIS) and opens up a range of business opportunities for both UniCredit and its customers. UniCredit has been using Worldline’s Open Banking TPP service since 2020. The partnership has been extended for another two years.Cost-effective reach  enabling new services to support further growthThe partnership with Worldline provides huge benefits in terms of efficiency. Instead of establishing separate connections with many different banks  UniCredit gains extensive and cost-effective reach throughout Europe through a single API. Via this API  Worldline enables UniCredit and its customers to execute PIS and AIS services.What’s more  Worldline’s secure Open Banking infrastructure translates the formats of all different banks into a single API. This removes the complexity and friction of many diverse integrations and allows UniCredit to provide its customers with the ability to get a consolidated view of all their bank accounts held with one or more banks. It also enables them to initiate an online payment at an account from other bank in Europe. In addition  Worldline’s Open Banking TPP service allows UniCredit to discover new business opportunities to develop new services to the benefit of corporate and individual customers.Worldline is one of the largest Open Banking providers in Europe. The company has been actively working on PSD2/XS2A since 2014  aiming to help the industry to make PSD2 work in practice. Worldline is committed to unlocking the full potential of Open Banking by reaching around 3.500 banks in 19 countries across Europe and by enabling many use cases that allow banks to quickly and effectively create a value proposition for their clients. Besides the partnership for Open Banking  UniCredit also has long-term payment processing agreement with Worldline to handle all SEPA (Single Euro Payments Area) transactions  instant payments  multi-currency  domestic and high value payments in Austria and Germany.Alessandro Baroni  Chief Business Division Officer at Worldline Financial Services  says: “As a leading and fast-growing Paytech company  we want to support our clients to flourish in the API driven-economy beyond their regional markets and grasp opportunities from Open Banking and Open Finance. We are proud that UniCredit decided to extend our existing partnership. It demonstrates their recognition of our added value  and we look forward to continue supporting them in their Open Banking journey.’’Luca Corsini  Head of Transactions and Payments at UniCredit  says: “As a tier 1 bank active in different European countries  we rely on support from a supplier with both scale and a cross-European presence in order to address the challenges and opportunities our customers are facing. In the past two years  Worldline has proven their Open Banking capabilities by providing cost-effective reach across Europe and enabling the services that our customers require. In addition  we are currently also building further on the opportunities that arise from PSD2 and Open Banking.”,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.72,0.26,0.02,True,English,"['Worldline open banking deal', 'UniCredit', 'SEPA (Single Euro Payments Area) transactions', 'one single application programming interface', 'Open Banking Third Party Provider', 'Chief Business Division Officer', 'long-term payment processing agreement', 'secure Open Banking infrastructure', 'largest Open Banking providers', 'Open Banking TPP service', 'Open Banking journey', 'Open Banking capabilities', 'many diverse integrations', 'many use cases', 'high value payments', 'Payment Initiation Services', 'fast-growing Paytech company', 'past two years', 'major pan-European banks', 'different European countries', 'many different banks', 'Account Information Services', 'new business opportunities', 'TPP) service', 'Worldline Financial Services', 'single API', 'Open Finance', 'payment services', 'instant payments', 'online payment', 'new services', 'value proposition', 'added value', 'global leader', 'Cost-effective reach', 'huge benefits', 'separate connections', 'consolidated view', 'other bank', 'full potential', 'Alessandro Baroni', 'regional markets', 'Luca Corsini', 'tier 1 bank', 'cross-European presence', 'AIS services', 'bank accounts', 'individual customers', 'existing partnership', 'UniCredit customers', '19 countries', '3.500 banks', 'Source', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'PIS', 'range', 'growth', 'terms', 'efficiency', 'extensive', 'formats', 'complexity', 'friction', 'ability', 'addition', 'corporate', 'PSD2/XS2A', 'industry', 'practice', 'clients', 'domestic', 'Austria', 'Germany', 'leading', 'recognition', 'Head', 'support', 'supplier', 'scale', 'order', 'challenges']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,finextra.com
3158,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://wwd.com/business-news/mergers-acquisitions/pinault-backed-spac-to-merge-with-french-streaming-platform-deezer-1235161688/,Pinault-backed SPAC to Merge With French Streaming Platform Deezer,The deal values the tech startup at 1.05 billion euros.,SOUNDING BOARD: Renowned for his eye for contemporary art  François Pinault also seems to have an ear for music.The French billionaire’s family office is among founders of a special purpose acquisition company that is poised to merge with streaming platform Deezer and take it public.The SPAC  known as 12PO  said the business combination would be renamed Deezer and list this summer on the professional segment of Euronext Paris  valuing the firm at 1.05 billion euros.A press release touted Deezer as “the second largest independent music streaming platform in the world” after Spotify with 9.6 million subscribers and 2021 revenues of 400 million euros. The French tech start-up was created in 2007 by Daniel Marhely.“We are excited to accompany one of the emblematic European tech leaders in its next chapter as a public company listed in Paris ” commented François-Henri Pinault  cofounder and member of the board of directors of I2PO. “We launched the first European SPAC dedicated to entertainment and leisure with the ambition to take a European champion to new heights. In Deezer  we have found the ideal combination.“I2PO brings an extensive international network and a complementary skill set to help develop Deezer as the leading independent music streaming platform through strong positions in selected key markets ” he added.François-Henri Pinault is also chief executive officer of French luxury giant Kering  parent of Gucci  Saint Laurent  Bottega Veneta and other brands.I2PO started trading in July 2021. The SPAC was formed by Groupe Artémis  the family holding of the Pinault family; SaCh27 SAS  a vehicle for Iris Knobloch  and Combat Holding SAS  controlled by Matthieu Pigasse.Deezer touts streaming as the “fastest-growing segment of the recorded music market” with retail revenues advancing at a compound annual growth rate of 28 percent between 2016 and 2020  when it reached a total addressable market of about $22 billion.In addition  music streaming subscriber penetration is forecast to increase to 14 percent in 2027 from 8 percent in 2020.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.71,0.28,0.01,True,English,"['French Streaming Platform', 'Pinault-backed SPAC', 'Deezer', 'second largest independent music streaming platform', 'leading independent music streaming platform', 'compound annual growth rate', 'music streaming subscriber penetration', 'French luxury giant Kering', 'special purpose acquisition company', 'emblematic European tech leaders', 'French tech start-up', 'extensive international network', 'chief executive officer', 'François Pinault', 'François-Henri Pinault', 'Groupe Artémis', 'total addressable market', 'The French billionaire', 'first European SPAC', 'Combat Holding SAS', 'music market', 'public company', 'European champion', 'Pinault family', 'contemporary art', 'family holding', 'SaCh27 SAS', 'The SPAC', 'family office', 'business combination', 'professional segment', '1.05 billion euros', 'press release', '9.6 million subscribers', '400 million euros', 'Daniel Marhely', 'next chapter', 'new heights', 'ideal combination', 'complementary skill', 'strong positions', 'key markets', 'Saint Laurent', 'Bottega Veneta', 'other brands', 'Iris Knobloch', 'Matthieu Pigasse', 'growing segment', 'SOUNDING BOARD', 'Euronext Paris', 'retail revenues', '2021 revenues', 'eye', 'ear', 'founders', 'Deezer', '12PO', 'firm', 'world', 'Spotify', 'cofounder', 'member', 'directors', 'I2PO', 'entertainment', 'leisure', 'ambition', 'parent', 'Gucci', 'July', 'vehicle', '28 percent', 'addition', '14 percent']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,wwd.com
3159,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wolters-kluwer-announces-relaunch-of-manual-ip-within-kluwer-ip-law-301528108.html,Wolters Kluwer Announces Relaunch of Manual IP within Kluwer IP Law,Manual IP will equip IP legal professionals with a seamless and effective workflow solution by providing newly enriched and easily accessible information NEW YORK  April 19  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. today announced the relau…,"""For IP professionals  having access to the correct information in a quick and efficient manner is crucial  and as a customer-centric organization  we are committed to delivering resources and content at the point of need "" said David Bartolone  Vice President and General Manager at Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. ""The latest updates to Manual IP will expand Kluwer IP Law's capabilities to provide an intuitive workflow solution as we continue to evolve our services to provide expert solutions with high quality content for our customers.""The relaunched Manual IP within Kluwer IP Law offers users quick access to all information that is part of selected complex phases of patent and trademark applications  combining practical guidance with deep domain expertise to provide answers through a single source. In addition to being able to keep searches for future reference  users can also quickly find answers and make a one-on-one comparison between various topics from multiple countries. With a new user-friendly gateway to Wolters Kluwer's leading global IP prosecution compliance tool  Manual IP supports increased productivity  efficiency  work quality  and collaboration for a wide range of IP professionals  including patent and trademark attorneys  in-house counsel  professional support lawyers  formality officers  paralegals  and more.Kluwer IP Law is Wolters Kluwer's flagship service dedicated to IP law by providing practical tools and expert commentary from prominent practitioners and thought leaders. The resource allows users to easily and efficiently access key sources for European Patent Attorneys  such as Visser's Annotated European Patent Convention and PCT Practice and Strategy  in addition to research case law. Kluwer IP Law allows users to stay informed on IP news and new content added to the service through Kluwer IP Blogs and News & Content sections.""My role is to provide precise information on IP law to assist our Patent attorneys and lawyers "" said Dr. Edward Pullicino  Professional Standards Officer at HGF in London and a user of Manual IP within Kluwer IP Law. ""Our attorneys often work for clients in unfamiliar multiple jurisdictions and require information on particular points of law. Providing the correct information to them in a timely manner is critical  since incorrect information can potentially invalidate a patent during prosecution or have costly knock-on effects during patent litigation. This is where Manual IP is so useful because it enables me to find information on points of law in every single country in the world at the click of a button.""To learn more  visit: https://www.wolterskluwer.com/en/solutions/kluweriplawAbout Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Wolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.MEDIA CONTACT:Linda GharibDirector  Brand & CommunicationsWolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Tel: +1 (646) 887-7962Email: [email protected]SOURCE Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.46,0.04,0.49,True,English,"['Kluwer IP Law', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'Manual IP', 'Relaunch', 'leading global IP prosecution compliance tool', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Annotated European Patent Convention', 'intuitive workflow solution', 'deep domain expertise', 'Dr. Edward Pullicino', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Linda Gharib Director', 'Professional Standards Officer', 'new user-friendly gateway', 'unfamiliar multiple jurisdictions', 'research case law', 'Regulatory U.S.', 'Kluwer IP Blogs', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'Kluwer IP Law', 'professional support lawyers', 'high quality content', 'European Patent Attorneys', 'global leader', 'regulatory sectors', 'IP professionals', 'Manual IP', 'work quality', 'new content', 'professional information', 'IP news', 'efficient manner', 'customer-centric organization', 'David Bartolone', 'Vice President', 'General Manager', 'latest updates', 'complex phases', 'trademark applications', 'practical guidance', 'future reference', 'various topics', 'wide range', 'trademark attorneys', 'house counsel', 'formality officers', 'practical tools', 'expert commentary', 'prominent practitioners', 'thought leaders', 'key sources', 'PCT Practice', 'Content sections', 'timely manner', 'patent litigation', 'single country', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'MEDIA CONTACT', 'multiple countries', 'expert solutions', 'software solutions', 'correct information', 'precise information', 'single source', 'flagship service', 'particular points', 'quick access', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'resources', 'need', 'capabilities', 'services', 'customers', 'users', 'answers', 'addition', 'searches', 'comparison', 'productivity', 'efficiency', 'collaboration', 'paralegals', 'Visser', 'Strategy', 'role', 'HGF', 'London', 'clients', 'effects', 'world', 'click', 'button', 'wolterskluwer', 'kluweriplaw', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'risk', 'group', 'operations', '19,800 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Brand', 'Communications', 'Tel', 'Email']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,prnewswire.com
3160,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/groupe-chantelle-selects-centric-plm-to-digitize-product-development-and-empower-omnichannel-strategy-301527350.html,Groupe Chantelle Selects Centric PLM™ to Digitize Product Development and Empower Omnichannel Strategy,French lingerie leader partners with Centric Software® for digital transformation and to streamline operations across global brands and factories CAMPBELL  Calif.  April 19  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Groupe Chantelle  the French lingerie giant  has selected Centri…,"Chantelle is a family business created in 1876 and has been owned by the Kretz family since 1900. Today  Chantelle has 4 000 employees worldwide and owns six brands − Chantelle  Passionata  Chantelle X  Femilet  Livera  and Darjeeling. The company has subsidiaries in 16 countries throughout Europe  Asia  Oceania  and North America  and factories in northern Africa  Asia  and France.We want Centric PLM to be with us over the long term.Chantelle was facing business challenges within their Digital and Customer Care department. It was clear they needed to improve collaboration between teams worldwide  increase flexibility  speed responsiveness and ensure product availability.""We had a product data management (PDM) solution for about 20 years  but no PLM. We knew we absolutely had to implement this technology "" says Virginie Diquero  Organization Project Manager at Chantelle. ""We needed a more efficient and faster way to transfer images  content and data of our complete collection offer to our sites.""Chantelle's existing PDM did not allow them to easily manage collection assortments and they needed that functionality quickly. They were also looking for PLM to provide a foundation for marketing efforts.Chantelle's brand teams were working in silos and using tools like Excel and Google Drive to share important business information including budgets  collection plans  merchandizing strategies and more. Centric PLM will be deployed throughout the company across all brands  at the head office in France  in their factories and international commercial subsidiaries.Choosing Centric PLM was a simple decision for Chantelle. ""We have known about Centric for a long time. They are number one in the market and Centric PLM meets our needs for developing collections  marketing presentations and product catalogs and image management  says Diquer. ""We want Centric PLM to be with us over the long term.""Chantelle expects PLM to streamline the product development process  enable more effective control of the material certification process  support planning and improve stock management accuracy. With supply chain challenges such as rising costs and transportation disruptions  PLM will eventually be rolled out to some of Chantelle's suppliers.Chantelle products are complex  as each bra model requires more than 80 different materials and is available in approximately thirty sizes. To date  Chantelle has nearly 80 000 active SKUs. Centric PLM will enable Chantelle to better control the entire supply chain.""Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) is also a priority for Chantelle "" says Cathy Sellier  Master Data Manager at Chantelle. ""We recently created a zero waste  fully recyclable bra  based on the circular economy model and we want to communicate our CSR initiatives more effectively. To do this  we need easier and faster access to data and Centric PLM can help us.""""Chantelle is an icon in the lingerie sector and we are proud to partner with them on their international omnichannel strategy "" says Chris Groves  President and CEO at Centric Software. ""With Centric PLM  Chantelle will be empowered to seamlessly manage supply chains and achieve ambitious CSR goals.""Learn more about Centric PLMRequest a DemoChantelle (www.chantelle.com)We are Chantelle – an international creative studio based in Paris and a family-owned company designing lingerie since 1876.Through our brands  built on the principles of collaboration and innovation  our group challenges conventional ways of designing  portraying and thinking about lingerie.Respect is what we stand for. Creativity is what we foster. Honesty is what we value. And quality is what drives us.For 145 years  we have made a point of managing our growth responsibly  while actively contributing to the well-being of our employees  partners and customers. Since its beginnings  our company has succeeded in building trusting and meaningful relationships with its stakeholders and is known for its product expertise  its high quality standards and its historic commitment to serving all women.In an effort to improve our global and social impact  we are driven by a long-term vision of a more equal  inclusive and respectful society. We aim to meet the great challenges of our times  related to climate change  biodiversity and social justice  in order to positively contribute to the world of tomorrow.Beauty  in all its forms  is what we care to protect: whether it be human-beings and their diversity  nature and its riches  or our know-how and its history.We are Chantelle and we believe we can make a difference. If you are reading this  then you can be part of the journey.Change is a collective adventure.Centric Software (www.centricsoftware.com)From its headquarters in Silicon Valley  Centric Software® provides a Product Concept to Consumer Digital Transformation Platform for fashion  retail  footwear  luxury  outdoor  consumer electronics and consumer goods including cosmetics and personal care and food and beverage. Centric's flagship Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) platform  Centric PLM™  delivers enterprise-class merchandise planning  product development  sourcing  quality and product portfolio optimization innovations specifically for fast-moving consumer industries. Centric Visual Innovation Platform (CVIP) offers highly visual digital board experiences for collaboration and decision-making. Centric Retail Planning is an innovative  cloud-native solution powered by Armonica Retail S.R.L.  that delivers an end-to-end retail planning process designed to maximize retail business performance. Centric Software pioneered mobility  introducing the first mobile apps for PLM  and is widely known for connectivity to dozens of other enterprise systems including ERP  DAM  PIM  e-com  planning and more as well as creative tools such as Adobe® Illustrator and a host of 3D CAD connectors. Centric's innovations are 100% market-driven with the highest user adoption rate and fastest time to value in the industry. All Centric innovations shorten time to market  boost product innovation and reduce costs.Centric Software is majority-owned by Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: #13065  DSY.PA)  the world leader in 3D design software  3D digital mock-up and PLM solutions.Centric Software has received multiple industry awards and recognition  including being named by Red Herring to its Top 100 Global list in 2013  2015 and 2016. Centric also received various excellence awards from Frost & Sullivan in 2012  2016  2018 and 2021.Centric Software is a registered trademark of Centric Software Inc. All other brands and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.SOURCE Centric Software",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.28,0.23,True,English,"['Empower Omnichannel Strategy', 'Groupe Chantelle', 'Centric PLM™', 'Product Development', 'flagship Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) platform', 'Consumer Digital Transformation Platform', 'stock management accuracy', 'Organization Project Manager', 'material certification process', 'international omnichannel strategy', 'international creative studio', 'product development process', 'entire supply chain', 'Customer Care department', 'circular economy model', 'product data management', 'complete collection offer', 'important business information', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', 'international commercial subsidiaries', 'supply chain challenges', 'Master Data Manager', 'ambitious CSR goals', 'high quality standards', 'image management', 'product availability', 'product catalogs', 'product expertise', 'Product Concept', 'business challenges', 'supply chains', 'consumer electronics', 'consumer goods', 'bra model', 'personal care', 'family business', 'collection assortments', 'collection plans', 'social impact', 'great challenges', 'social justice', 'Kretz family', 'North America', 'northern Africa', 'long term', 'speed responsiveness', 'PDM) solution', 'Virginie Diquero', 'faster way', 'existing PDM', 'marketing efforts', 'Google Drive', 'merchandizing strategies', 'head office', 'simple decision', 'long time', 'marketing presentations', 'effective control', 'rising costs', 'transportation disruptions', '80 different materials', 'thirty sizes', '80,000 active SKUs', 'Cathy Sellier', 'zero waste', 'recyclable bra', 'CSR initiatives', 'faster access', 'Chris Groves', 'conventional ways', 'meaningful relationships', 'historic commitment', 'long-term vision', 'equal, inclusive', 'respectful society', 'collective adventure', 'Silicon Valley', 'Centric PLM', 'Centric Software', 'brand teams', 'climate change', 'six brands', 'lingerie sector', 'family-owned company', 'Chantelle X', 'Chantelle products', '4,000 employees', 'Passionata', 'Femilet', 'Livera', 'Darjeeling', '16 countries', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Oceania', 'factories', 'France', 'collaboration', 'flexibility', '20 years', 'technology', 'efficient', 'images', 'content', 'sites', 'functionality', 'foundation', 'silos', 'tools', 'Excel', 'budgets', 'needs', 'collections', 'planning', 'suppliers', 'date', 'priority', 'easier', 'President', 'CEO', 'Demo', 'Paris', 'principles', 'innovation', 'group', 'Creativity', 'Honesty', '145 years', 'point', 'growth', 'well-being', 'partners', 'customers', 'beginnings', 'trusting', 'stakeholders', 'women', 'global', 'times', 'biodiversity', 'order', 'world', 'tomorrow', 'Beauty', 'forms', 'human-beings', 'nature', 'riches', 'know-how', 'history', 'difference', 'journey', 'centricsoftware', 'headquarters', 'fashion', 'retail', 'footwear', 'luxury', 'cosmetics', 'food', 'beverage']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,prnewswire.com
3161,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lleidanet-increased-the-number-of-registered-electronic-contracts-sent-by-more-than-75-percent-in-the-first-quarter-of-2022-301527856.html,Lleida.net increased the number of Registered Electronic Contracts sent by more than 75 percent in the first quarter of 2022,MADRID  April 19  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Lleida.net (BME: LLN) (EPA: ALLLN) (OTCQX: LLEIF) has recorded a significant increase in the number of SaaS units it sent on behalf of its customers in the first quarter of 2022  with product lines growing by more than 7…,"MADRID  April 19  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Lleida.net (BME: LLN) (EPA: ALLLN) (OTCQX: LLEIF) has recorded a significant increase in the number of SaaS units it sent on behalf of its customers in the first quarter of 2022  with product lines growing by more than 75 percent over the same period last year.According to a regulatory announcement sent to the market today  the company revealed yet another quarter of production data showing its consolidation as a European leader in its industry.The line that experienced the most robust growth the was API Standard Registered Electronic Contracts (branded as Click&Sign API)  which grew by 75.33 percent over the same period in 2021  or almost 1.5 million more SaaS units sent.The traffic of this service came mostly from telecom and insurance companies contracting in Europe  consumer finance in Latin America  Spain  and Eastern Europe  lending services by fintech companies in Spain and Latin America  and healthcare contracting in that region.Similarly  during the first quarter of 2022  the production of the Click&Sign PRO line  used by corporations to manage their clients' contracting processes reliably and securely  grew.The so-called PRO circuits are complex contracting circuits in which several variables must be analyzed before the actual contracting is carried out.In this area  the company recorded some 278 000 SaaS units or 21.93 percent more than last year's first quarter.Lleida.net customers sent more than four million registered emails in the first three months of the year  or 10.97 percent more than in the same period of 2021.""Lleida.net's business model has proven one more quarter its absolute consolidation  and the capacity we have been able to generate to allow our corporate and individual customers to cope with their electronic contracting  notification  and signature needs solidly "" explained Sisco Sapena  CEO and founder of the listed company.In another chapter  the company also recorded a significant increase in its SMS line  with a 15.3 percent growth in its Registered SMS line compared to the previous year  to 1.7 million messages.The company's customers also activated 1.29 million Registered SMS contracts  or 2.96 percent more than at the beginning of 2021.All of Lleida.net's technology has been developed over the last few years on a proprietary basis  which has enabled it to consolidate its position as the European benchmark player in the Registered electronic notification  signature  and contracting industry.The company  founded in 1995  has more than 16 million shares outstanding  which are traded on Euronext Growth  OTCQX in New York  and BME Growth in Madrid.It has one of the largest intellectual property portfolios in the industry worldwide.More than 60 countries have recognized its inventions with more than 205 patents  and its intellectual property portfolio is one of the largest in the industry worldwide.The company was founded in 1995 and has offices in 18 countries and clients in more than 50.SOURCE Lleida.net",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['Registered Electronic Contracts', 'Lleida.net', 'first quarter', 'number', '75 percent', 'API Standard Registered Electronic Contracts', 'largest intellectual property portfolios', 'four million registered emails', '1.29 million Registered SMS contracts', 'Click&Sign PRO line', 'Click&Sign API', 'Registered SMS line', 'Registered electronic notification', 'European benchmark player', 'first three months', 'complex contracting circuits', ""clients' contracting processes"", 'Lleida.net customers', 'electronic contracting', 'PRO circuits', '1.7 million messages', '16 million shares', 'European leader', 'actual contracting', 'SOURCE Lleida', 'significant increase', 'SaaS units', 'product lines', 'same period', 'regulatory announcement', 'robust growth', 'insurance companies', 'consumer finance', 'Latin America', 'lending services', 'fintech companies', 'several variables', 'business model', 'Sisco Sapena', 'proprietary basis', 'Euronext Growth', 'New York', 'first quarter', 'individual customers', 'previous year', 'contracting industry', 'production data', 'Eastern Europe', 'absolute consolidation', 'BME Growth', '15.3 percent growth', 'last year', '1.5 million', '75 percent', '75.33 percent', 'MADRID', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'LLN', 'EPA', 'OTCQX', 'LLEIF', 'number', 'behalf', 'market', 'company', 'traffic', 'telecom', 'Spain', 'healthcare', 'region', 'corporations', 'area', 'capacity', 'corporate', 'signature', 'CEO', 'founder', 'chapter', 'beginning', 'technology', 'years', 'position', 'More', '60 countries', 'inventions', '205 patents', 'offices', '18 countries', '93']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,prnewswire.com
3162,EuroNext,Google API,https://completemusicupdate.com/article/deezer-to-go-public-with-e1-05-billion-valuation/,Deezer to go public with €1.05 billion valuation,10 hours ago,Deezer to go public with €1.05 billion valuationBy Chris Cooke | Published on Tuesday 19 April 2022French special purpose acquisition company I2PO has confirmed it has agreed a deal to merge with Deezer  a move that will result in the streaming music firm being publicly listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange.It was reported last week that a deal between I2PO and Deezer was close to being agreed. SPACs like I2PO are companies without any active operations that raise money on a stock exchange with the intent of using the cash to buy up privately owned businesses. When it did just that last year  I2PO confirmed it would use the monies it raised to enter the entertainment and leisure sector.The two companies confirmed yesterday that they had now “entered into a definitive agreement for a business combination that [will] result in the combined entity  to be renamed Deezer  becoming a publicly traded company on the professional segment of the regulated market of Euronext Paris”.Although one of the first subscription streaming services to launch  Deezer is a relatively small player in today’s music streaming market. While I2PO’s press release called Deezer the “second largest independent music streaming platform in the world” – because most of its main competitors are owned by tech giants like Apple  Amazon and Google – it is dwarfed by the largest independent platform Spotify.At the end of last year  music consultancy MIDIA estimated that Deezer commanded around 2% of the premium subscription market  while Spotify has 31%. In yesterday’s announcement  I2PO confirmed that Deezer currently has 9.6 million paying subscribers  which compares to Spotify’s most recently declared subscriber count of 180 million.However  plenty of people in the investment community remain optimistic about the future growth of the digital music market  and – as that market diversifies – there could be opportunities for established platforms like Deezer beyond simply signing up more people to a ten euro a month subscription. Plus  in its announcement  I2PO noted Deezer’s recent dabblings in the B2B space  powering music services for other media and digital companies  and in particular its partnership with RTL.So  maybe it will all turn out fine. The new deal values Deezer at 1.05 billion euros. And there’ll be cash aplenty to help further grow the company in the years ahead thanks funds already held by I2PO and monies raised via a round of ‘private investment in public equity’ involving  among others  many of Deezer’s current shareholders – like Orange  Universal Music and Warner Music  as well as the biggest current shareholder  which is Warner’s parent company Access Industries.Confirming all this  I2PO CEO Iris Knobloch said: “With its well-established brand  first-class management team and scalable platform  Deezer is poised to continue to capture a significant share in the booming music streaming growth. This is a perfect match and a transformational deal that will deliver long-term value creation for our shareholders as Deezer is a unique asset with considerable strategic avenues for future growth”.“With Deezer’s hybrid B2B/B2C strategy to enter key international markets  its highly competitive technology and focus on ESG [environmental  social  and governance]”  she went on  “we are confident that the company is well-positioned to disrupt and consolidate while providing a high-quality music streaming service to millions of users around the world”.Meanwhile  Deezer CEO Jeronimo Folgueira added: “Today marks an important milestone in Deezer’s history as we embark on a journey to become a publicly traded company on Euronext Paris. I am THRILLED to partner with I2PO who will provide us with the expertise  the global network and the capital we need to execute our strategic plan. We are uniquely positioned in the growing music streaming industry  with a very competitive product  a clear strategy and an experienced and renewed management team to seize this opportunity and create substantial shareholder value”.READ MORE ABOUT: Deezer | I2PO,neutral,0.02,0.89,0.08,mixed,0.52,0.19,0.28,True,English,"['€1.05 billion valuation', 'Deezer', 'French special purpose acquisition company', 'high-quality music streaming service', 'growing music streaming industry', 'booming music streaming growth', 'first subscription streaming services', 'independent music streaming platform', 'I2PO CEO Iris Knobloch', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'streaming music firm', 'largest independent platform', 'music streaming market', '9.6 million paying subscribers', 'long-term value creation', 'key international markets', 'substantial shareholder value', 'biggest current shareholder', 'considerable strategic avenues', 'hybrid B2B/B2C strategy', 'premium subscription market', 'first-class management team', 'digital music market', 'music services', 'music consultancy', 'Universal Music', 'scalable platform', 'future growth', 'Warner Music', 'strategic plan', 'clear strategy', 'regulated market', 'digital companies', 'Deezer CEO', '€1.05 billion valuation', 'Chris Cooke', 'active operations', 'leisure sector', 'definitive agreement', 'business combination', 'professional segment', 'small player', 'press release', 'main competitors', 'tech giants', 'last year', 'subscriber count', 'investment community', 'ten euro', 'recent dabblings', 'B2B space', 'other media', '1.05 billion euros', 'private investment', 'public equity', 'current shareholders', 'Access Industries', 'significant share', 'perfect match', 'unique asset', 'competitive technology', 'Jeronimo Folgueira', 'important milestone', 'global network', 'competitive product', 'parent company', 'two companies', 'new deal', 'cash aplenty', 'transformational deal', 'Tuesday', 'April', 'move', 'SPACs', 'money', 'intent', 'privately', 'businesses', 'monies', 'entertainment', 'entity', 'today', 'world', 'Apple', 'Amazon', 'Google', 'Spotify', 'MIDIA', 'yesterday', 'announcement', 'people', 'opportunities', 'platforms', 'partnership', 'RTL', 'years', 'funds', 'round', 'others', 'Orange', 'ESG', 'governance', 'millions', 'users', 'history', 'journey', 'expertise', 'capital', 'experienced', 'opportunity', 'READ']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,completemusicupdate.com
3163,EuroNext,Google API,https://siliconcanals.com/news/deezer-to-go-public-at-1b-valuation/,Spotify rival Deezer to go public via SPAC deal at just over €1B valuation,12 hours ago,Paris-based Deezer  a music streaming platform  announced on Monday that it is going public on Euronext Paris via a SPAC deal  valuing the company at just over €1B. The Spotify competitor will merge with the “blank-check” company I2PO headed by former WarnerMedia executive Iris Knobloch. The deal is expected to close around July  2022.After the merger  the combined company will benefit from the cash held by I2PO in its IPO escrow account and from the cash raised through private investment in public equity (PIPE). The total amount secured to date through PIPE is €135M.,neutral,0.05,0.78,0.17,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.07,True,English,"['Spotify rival Deezer', 'SPAC deal', '€1B valuation', 'music streaming platform', 'The Spotify competitor', 'former WarnerMedia executive', 'IPO escrow account', 'Paris-based Deezer', 'Euronext Paris', 'Iris Knobloch', 'private investment', 'public equity', 'total amount', 'blank-check” company', 'combined company', 'SPAC deal', 'Monday', 'I2PO', 'July', 'merger', 'cash', 'PIPE', 'date']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,siliconcanals.com
3164,EuroNext,Google API,https://techcrunch.com/2022/04/18/deezer-going-public-spac-merger-with-a-1-1-billion-valuation/,Music streamer Deezer is going public via SPAC at a $1.1B valuation – TechCrunch,23 hours ago,A European music streamer  Deezer is going public via a SPAC deal  valuing the Spotify competitor at $1.1 billion. Deezer will merge with the “blank-check” company I2PO  which is headed by former WarnerMedia executive Iris Knobloch.Founded in 2007  the company previously tried to IPO in 2015  only to reverse course and raise Series E and Series F rounds in 2016 and 2018. Around the time of its first attempt at an IPO  investors were worried about the profitability of music streaming  since Pandora had just lost nearly $86 million in one quarter.Since then  highly resourced streamers like Spotify  Amazon and Apple have only continued to grow  renewing market interest in music. But Deezer has also struggled to compete with these behemoths — as of Q2 2021  Deezer only held 2% of the global streaming music subscription market  though it’s more popular abroad than in the U.S. In France and Brazil  the company holds 29% and 17% of the market share respectively.According to the Wall Street Journal  Deezer isn’t making money yet  but per this deal  it hopes to be profitable by 2025. Deezer currently has 9.6 million subscribers  offers 90 million streaming songs plus podcasts and audiobooks  and generated €400 million in revenue last year. Spotify  for comparison  has 180 million paid subscribers and a total of 406 million monthly active users including its free tier. But Deezer offers HiFi audio  while Spotify still hasn’t made that leap. Deezer has also expressed interest in a more musician-friendly payment model  while Spotify has been criticized by artists for offering low streaming payouts.“Today marks an important milestone in Deezer’s history as we embark on a journey to become a publicly traded company on Euronext Paris ” said Jeronimo Folgueira  Deezer’s CEO  in a statement. “We are uniquely positioned on the growing music streaming industry  with a very competitive product  a clear strategy and an experienced and renewed management team to seize this opportunity and create substantial shareholder value.”,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.07,mixed,0.19,0.11,0.69,True,English,"['Music streamer', '$1.1B valuation', 'Deezer', 'SPAC', 'TechCrunch', 'global streaming music subscription market', '406 million monthly active users', 'growing music streaming industry', 'low streaming payouts', 'European music streamer', 'former WarnerMedia executive', 'Wall Street Journal', 'musician-friendly payment model', 'substantial shareholder value', '90 million streaming songs', 'Series F rounds', 'market share', 'Series E', 'market interest', 'Iris Knobloch', 'first attempt', 'one quarter', 'resourced streamers', 'U.S.', '9.6 million subscribers', 'free tier', 'HiFi audio', 'important milestone', 'Euronext Paris', 'Jeronimo Folgueira', 'competitive product', 'clear strategy', 'management team', 'SPAC deal', 'blank-check” company', 'Spotify competitor', '180 million', 'Deezer', 'I2PO', 'course', 'time', 'IPO', 'investors', 'profitability', 'Pandora', 'Amazon', 'Apple', 'behemoths', 'Q2', 'France', 'Brazil', 'money', 'podcasts', 'audiobooks', 'revenue', 'comparison', 'total', 'artists', 'Today', 'history', 'journey', 'CEO', 'statement', 'experienced', 'opportunity']",2022-04-18,2022-04-19,techcrunch.com
3165,EuroNext,Google API,https://rogermontgomery.com/two-high-quality-businesses-you-should-get-to-know/,Two high quality businesses you should get to know,1 day ago,Two high quality businesses you should get to knowMontgomery Investment Management has partnered with US-based fund manager Polen Capital to help deliver superior returns for our investors. Polen’s team manages US$82 billion in total assets  and its longest-running flagship investment strategy has averaged double-digit annual returns for more than 30 years. Here I’d like to share with you two high quality firms in the Polen Capital Global Small and Mid Cap Fund.Tecan Group (SWX: TECN)Tecan Group (market capitalisation of CHF4.4 billion or US$4.7 billion) is a Swiss-based healthcare technology company that makes highly precise instruments  products  and solutions for scientific research and clinical diagnostics.The company operates through two business divisions: Life Science and Partnering. The Life Science Business division supplies end users with automated workflow solutions  which includes laboratory instruments  software packages  application know-how  services  consumables  and spare parts.The Partnering Business division develops and manufactures original equipment manufacturer instruments and components.The company has seen consistently strong customer demand in all business divisions driven by the high quality of its products and solutions  continuous innovation  and strong underlying growth in areas its clients cater to such as genetic research  drug discovery  and detecting and treating cancer.Tecan is a company Polen Capital knows well as it had previously owned Tecan shares in its International (non-US) Small Company growth strategy.Euronext (EPA: ENX)Euronext (market capitalisation of EUR8.8 billion or US$9.6 billion) is a leading European exchange operator with exposure to capital markets across Europe.The company is headquartered in Amsterdam and generates much of its revenue from Italy (34 per cent)  France (28 per cent)  Netherlands (14 per cent)  and Norway (11 per cent)  but also generates revenue in Belgium  Portugal  Ireland  and the US.To highlight its dominant position: Euronext has the number one market share in cash trading in Europe with 25 per cent of European equity flows  the number one position in equity listings in Europe  the number one position in bond trading  the number one position in debt listing – winning around 40 per cent of new bond listings from 2019-2021 – and the number two position in derivatives trading in Europe.It also has sizeable business segments associated with clearing  custody  FX & commodities  data  indexes  and investor services.This is a company Polen Capital has studied for years and the team admires both the strength of the underlying businesses  as well as management’s thoughtful use of mergers and acquisitions to add strategic assets throughout Europe.Polen Capital used the recent volatility in the sharemarket and the recent decline in Euronext’s stock price (from EUR100 to sub EUR80) to opportunistically initiate a position in this best-in-class company. It now comprises around three per cent of The Fund.You can learn more about the Polen Capital Global Small and Mid Cap Fund here.The Polen Capital Global Small and Mid Cap Fund own shares in Tecan Group and Euronext. This article was prepared 14 April 2022 with the information we have today  and our view may change. It does not constitute formal advice or professional investment advice. If you wish to trade these companies you should seek financial advice.,positive,0.98,0.01,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.09,0.33,True,English,"['Two high quality businesses', 'The Life Science Business division', 'US) Small Company growth strategy', 'The Polen Capital Global Small', 'leading European exchange operator', 'original equipment manufacturer instruments', 'The Partnering Business division', 'two high quality firms', 'Swiss-based healthcare technology company', 'Two high quality businesses', 'number one market share', 'strong underlying growth', 'two business divisions', 'sizeable business segments', 'strong customer demand', 'European equity flows', 'US-based fund manager', 'Mid Cap Fund', 'number two position', 'double-digit annual returns', 'professional investment advice', 'number one position', 'Montgomery Investment Management', 'new bond listings', 'automated workflow solutions', 'three per cent', 'The Fund', 'underlying businesses', 'equity listings', 'capital markets', 'market capitalisation', 'precise instruments', 'laboratory instruments', 'superior returns', 'bond trading', '34 per cent', '28 per cent', '25 per cent', '40 per cent', 'dominant position', 'formal advice', 'financial advice', 'total assets', 'scientific research', 'clinical diagnostics', 'end users', 'software packages', 'application know-how', 'spare parts', 'continuous innovation', 'genetic research', 'drug discovery', 'cash trading', 'debt listing', 'derivatives trading', 'thoughtful use', 'strategic assets', 'recent volatility', 'recent decline', 'stock price', 'class company', 'Tecan Group', 'investor services', 'Tecan shares', 'investors', 'team', '30 years', 'SWX', 'TECN', 'CHF', 'products', 'consumables', 'components', 'areas', 'clients', 'cancer', 'International', 'Euronext', 'EPA', 'ENX', 'exposure', 'Amsterdam', 'revenue', 'Italy', 'France', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Belgium', 'Portugal', 'Ireland', 'clearing', 'custody', 'FX', 'commodities', 'data', 'indexes', 'strength', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'sharemarket', 'article', 'information', 'view', 'companies']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,rogermontgomery.com
3166,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220419005800/en/IMPLANET-Reports-Q1-2022-Revenue,IMPLANET Reports Q1 2022 Revenue,5 hours ago,BORDEAUX  France & BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:IMPLANET (Euronext Growth: ALIMP  FR0013470168  eligible for PEA-PME equity savings plans) (Paris:ALIMP)  a medical technology company specializing in vertebral implants  today announced its revenue for the first quarter of 2022.Ludovic Lastennet  IMPLANET’s CEO  commented: “The beginning of 2022 has confirmed the merits of the strategic repositioning implemented in 2021. Our decision to refocus on the spine is showing its relevance  with a very good first-quarter performance. In France  activity more than doubled compared with the first quarter of last year  driven by the JAZZ activity’s organic growth but also by the OSD range that has now been incorporated within our sales offer. In the rest of the world  sales have followed the same positive trend as in France  with revenue multiplied by 2.6. The slight fall in revenue in the United States was a result of the still considerable number of surgical operations being postponed due to COVID early in the quarter. Despite the context associated with the pandemic and the lack of hospital personnel  which are still major obstacles to the return to normal activity  our solid sales momentum makes us confident that our growth will continue over the coming quarters”.Revenue (in € thousands - IFRS*) Q1 2022 Q1 2021 Change Spine France 953 354 +169% United States 372 416 -10% Rest of the world 677 256 +164% Total Spine revenue 2 002 1 026 +95% Services 14 1 Total consolidated revenue  IFRS 2 016 1 026 +96%*Unaudited dataReminder: As per IFRS 5  revenue generated by Madison activity up to October 29  2021 is classified as divested business under the net profit/loss from continuing business.In the first quarter of 2022  Spine revenue doubled from €1.03 million to €2.02 million  thanks to the organic growth generated by JAZZ activity (+20%) and the strategic acquisition of OSD (which contributed €0.77 million in revenue).In France  activity was multiplied by 2.7  increasing from €0.35 million to €0.95 million  despite the still significant impact of COVID-19 and hospitals’ lack of resources in the first two months of the quarter. However  the trend observed in March is encouraging.In the United States  revenue totaled €0.37 million  compared with €0.42 million in the first quarter of 2021. The first surgeries with the OSD cervical plate were performed in the United States – their contribution to associated revenue will be visible in the second quarter of 2022.In the rest of the world  revenue grew from €0.26 million in the first quarter of 2021 to €0.68 million (multiplied by 2.6) in the first quarter of 2022  notably driven by Latin America.Lastly  within the framework of the divestment of the MADISONTM knee prosthesis business to SERF  and to ensure the continuity of regulatory obligations  Implanet signed a manufacturing contract. These services were billed €14 thousand in the first quarter of 2022.Key events of Q1 2022✓ First surgical procedures in the United States with JAZZ™ PF  innovative solution from the JAZZ® range✓ First surgical operations in the United States with the ORIGIN cervical plate  marking the first successes of the synergies with OSD products2022 strategy and outlookFinalize the globalization of our product offer for Spine surgery: Sustain the product synergies initiated in 2021 on our priority direct sales markets; Address group purchasing organizations  both in the public sector and in private facility groups.Revitalize our presence in the United States: Add to the existing commercial team; Strengthen our direct approach by expanding our opinion leader scientific team; Launch  in 2022  two more product ranges resulting from the acquisition of OSD: SWINGO and ORIGIN.Seek strategic partnerships to allow Implanet to enter a new phase and achieve revenue leading to financial equilibrium in the short / medium term.Upcoming financial events:Annual General Meeting  May 17  2022 at 2.00 pm (CEST) at the Company’s headquartersH1 2021 revenue  July 11  2022 after marketAbout IMPLANETFounded in 2007  IMPLANET is a medical technology company that manufactures high-quality implants for orthopedic surgery. Its activity revolves around a comprehensive innovative solution for improving the treatment of spinal pathologies (JAZZ®) complemented by the product range offered by Orthopaedic & Spine Development (OSD)  acquired in May 2021 (thoraco-lumbar screws  cages and cervical plates). Implanet’s tried-and-tested orthopedic platform is based on the traceability of its products. Protected by four families of international patents  JAZZ® has obtained 510(k) regulatory clearance from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the United States  the CE mark in Europe and ANVISA approval in Brazil. IMPLANET employs 39 staff and recorded a consolidated revenue of €6.1 million in 2021. Based near Bordeaux in France  IMPLANET opened a US subsidiary in Boston in 2013. IMPLANET is listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris. For further information  please visit www.implanet.com.The Company would like to remind readers that the table for monitoring the equity line (OCA  BSA) and the number of shares outstanding is available on its website: http://www.implanet-invest.com/suivi-des-actions-80,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.31,0.13,0.56,True,English,"['IMPLANET Reports Q1 2022 Revenue', 'PEA-PME equity savings plans', 'short / medium term', 'opinion leader scientific team', 'MADISONTM knee prosthesis business', 'priority direct sales markets', 'existing commercial team', 'good first-quarter performance', 'group purchasing organizations', 'private facility groups', 'Annual General Meeting', 'solid sales momentum', 'medical technology company', '510(k) regulatory clearance', 'same positive trend', 'Upcoming financial events', 'comprehensive innovative solution', 'First surgical procedures', 'ORIGIN cervical plate', 'First surgical operations', 'OSD cervical plate', 'first two months', 'Total Spine revenue', 'Euronext Growth market', 'Change Spine France', 'direct approach', 'cervical plates', 'sales offer', 'Key events', 'financial equilibrium', 'Regulatory News', 'regulatory obligations', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'continuing business', 'first surgeries', 'first successes', 'Spine surgery', 'Spine Development', 'first quarter', 'vertebral implants', 'Ludovic Lastennet', 'strategic repositioning', 'last year', 'organic growth', 'slight fall', 'United States', 'considerable number', 'hospital personnel', 'major obstacles', 'coming quarters', 'Unaudited data', 'net profit/loss', 'significant impact', 'Latin America', 'manufacturing contract', 'product offer', 'public sector', 'product ranges', 'strategic partnerships', 'new phase', 'high-quality implants', 'orthopedic surgery', 'spinal pathologies', 'thoraco-lumbar screws', 'orthopedic platform', 'four families', 'international patents', 'Drug Administration', 'CE mark', 'ANVISA approval', 'US subsidiary', 'second quarter', 'OSD range', 'JAZZ™ PF', 'JAZZ® range', 'normal activity', 'Madison activity', 'strategic acquisition', 'hospitals’ lack', 'product synergies', 'consolidated revenue', 'H1 2021 revenue', 'JAZZ activity', 'OSD products', 'BORDEAUX', 'BOSTON', 'IMPLANET', 'ALIMP', 'Paris', 'CEO', 'beginning', 'merits', 'decision', 'relevance', 'rest', 'world', 'result', 'COVID', 'context', 'pandemic', 'return', 'thousands', 'IFRS', 'Q1', 'Services', 'Reminder', 'October', 'resources', 'March', 'contribution', 'associated', 'framework', 'divestment', 'SERF', 'continuity', '2022 strategy', 'outlook', 'globalization', 'Address', 'presence', 'Launch', 'SWINGO', 'May', 'CEST', 'headquarters', 'treatment', 'Orthopaedic', 'cages', 'traceability', 'Food', 'FDA', 'Europe', 'Brazil', '39 staff', 'information', '€', '2.00']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,businesswire.com
3167,EuroNext,Google API,https://financialpost.com/globe-newswire/play-magnus-group-to-webcast-live-at-virtualinvestorconferences-com-april-21st,Play Magnus Group to Webcast Live at VirtualInvestorConferences.com April 21st,7 hours ago,This advertisement has not loaded yet  but your article continues below.Play Magnus Group to Webcast Live at VirtualInvestorConferences.com April 21stArticle content Company invites individual and institutional investors  as well as advisors and analysts  to attend real-time  interactive presentations on VirtualInvestorConferences.com We apologize  but this video has failed to load.tap here to see other videos from our team. Try refreshing your browser  or Play Magnus Group to Webcast Live at VirtualInvestorConferences.com April 21st Back to video OSLO  Norway  April 19  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Play Magnus Group (OTCQX: PMGMF | Euronext Growth Oslo: PMG)  based in Norway  a global leader in the chess industry with an ecosystem of digital brands and services in the areas of elearning and entertainment  today announced that Dmitri Shneider  CFO  will present live at VirtualInvestorConferences.com on April 21st  2022Advertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet  but your article continues below.Article content DATE: April 21st  2022TIME: 10:30 AM Eastern Time (ET)LINK:https://bit.ly/3NOdb4q Available for 1×1 meetings: Friday  April 22nd   Monday  April 25th   Tuesday  April 26th This will be a live  interactive online event where investors are invited to ask the company questions in real-time. If attendees are not able to join the event live on the day of the conference  an archived webcast will also be made available after the event. It is recommended that investors pre-register and run the online system check to expedite participation and receive event updates. Learn more about the event at www.virtualinvestorconferences.com. Recent Company Highlights NEAR Foundation joins the Champions Chess Tour for Charity Cup  a fundraiser for UNICEFPMG begins to trade at OTCQX on March 18  2022Named fastest growing gaming company in Europe by Financial TimesPUMA partners up with the World Chess Champion Magnus Carlsen and the Champions Chess TourPrivate Placement of USD 10 million towards Yuri Milner through the Breakthrough Foundation’s investment vehicle  Breakthrough Initiatives LimitedAdvertisement 3 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet  but your article continues below.Article content About Play Magnus GroupPlay Magnus AS (OTCQX: PMGMF | Euronext Growth Oslo: PMG) was founded in 2013 with the goal of making the world a smarter place through chess. The Play Magnus Group is an ecosystem of innovative digital brands and services focused on delivering the best eLearning and entertainment experiences for chess fans around the world. Through its leading brands such as Chessable  Champions Chess Tour  chess24 and Magnus Academy  the Play Magnus Group covers key areas of chess including play  watch  study  learn  coach and compete. For more information  please visit www.playmagnusgroup.com. About Virtual Investor Conferences®Virtual Investor Conferences (VIC) is the leading proprietary investor conference series that provides an interactive forum for publicly traded companies to seamlessly present directly to investors.Advertisement 4 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet  but your article continues below.Article content Providing a real-time investor engagement solution  VIC is specifically designed to offer companies more efficient investor access. Replicating the components of an on-site investor conference  VIC offers companies enhanced capabilities to connect with investors  schedule targeted one-on-one meetings and enhance their presentations with dynamic video content. Accelerating the next level of investor engagement  Virtual Investor Conferences delivers leading investor communications to a global network of retail and institutional investors. CONTACTS:Play Magnus GroupDmitri ShneiderChief Financial Officer+1 347-853-8287Dmitri@playmagnus.com Virtual Investor ConferencesJohn M. ViglottiSVP Corporate Services  Investor AccessOTC Markets Group(212) 220-2221johnv@otcmarkets.comShare this article in your social networkAdvertisement Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet  but your article continues below.Financial Post Top Stories Sign up to receive the daily top stories from the Financial Post  a division of Postmedia Network Inc. Email Address There was an error  please provide a valid email address. Sign Up By clicking on the sign up button you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc. You may unsubscribe any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. Postmedia Network Inc. | 365 Bloor Street East  Toronto  Ontario  M4W 3L4 | 416-383-2300 Thanks for signing up! A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it  please check your junk folder. The next issue of Financial Post Top Stories will soon be in your inbox. We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.3,0.1,0.59,True,English,"['Play Magnus Group', 'Webcast', 'VirtualInvestorConferences', 'April', 'leading proprietary investor conference series', 'World Chess Champion Magnus Carlsen', 'Play Magnus Group Play Magnus', 'fastest growing gaming company', 'The Play Magnus Group', 'Financial Post Top Stories', 'real-time investor engagement solution', 'live, interactive online event', 'daily top stories', 'online system check', 'leading investor communications', 'OTC Markets Group', 'Virtual Investor Conferences®', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'John M. Viglotti', '365 Bloor Street East', 'Recent Company Highlights', 'Postmedia Network Inc.', 'Champions Chess Tour', 'Breakthrough Initiatives Limited', 'efficient investor access', '10:30 AM Eastern Time', 'innovative digital brands', 'valid email address', 'SVP Corporate Services', 'real-time, interactive presentations', 'dynamic video content', 'Article content DATE', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Article content Company', 'leading brands', 'Magnus Academy', 'Financial Times', 'interactive forum', 'global network', 'social network', 'chess industry', 'Breakthrough Foundation', 'chess fans', 'welcome email', 'other videos', 'video OSLO', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'global leader', 'NEAR Foundation', 'Charity Cup', 'Private Placement', 'Yuri Milner', 'investment vehicle', 'smarter place', 'enhanced capabilities', 'next level', 'junk folder', 'event updates', 'Dmitri Shneider', 'best eLearning', 'entertainment experiences', 'key areas', 'one meetings', 'unsubscribe link', 'next issue', 'Advertisement 2 Story', 'Advertisement 3 Story', 'Advertisement 4 Story', 'Advertisement Story', 'institutional investors', '1×1 meetings', 'Webcast', 'VirtualInvestorConferences', 'April', 'individual', 'advisors', 'analysts', 'team', 'browser', 'Norway', 'OTCQX', 'PMGMF', 'ecosystem', 'CFO', 'Friday', 'Monday', 'Tuesday', 'questions', 'attendees', 'participation', 'fundraiser', 'UNICEF', 'March', 'Europe', 'PUMA', 'goal', 'Chessable', 'chess24', 'information', 'playmagnusgroup', 'companies', 'components', 'site', 'retail', 'CONTACTS', 'johnv', 'otcmarkets', 'division', 'error', 'sign', 'button', 'newsletter', 'bottom', 'emails', 'Toronto', 'Ontario', 'M4W', 'inbox']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,financialpost.com
3168,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DELTA-DRONE-13563693/news/DELTA-DRONE-Consolidation-of-Delta-Drone-shares-to-support-a-new-stock-market-dynamic-and-reduce-t-40089062/,DELTA DRONE - Consolidation of Delta Drone shares to support a new stock market dynamic and reduce the volatility of the stock,5 hours ago,"Consolidation of Delta Drone shares to support a new stock market dynamic and reduce the volatility of the stockDardilly   April 19  2022 at 6pmKey points10 000 old shares against 1 new shareImplementation of consolidation operations as of April 22  2022First trading day of the combined shares on May 24   2022Suspension of the exercise of the rights of security holders until 25 May 2022 inclusiveDelta Drone (Euronext Growth Paris: ALDR) (the "" Company "")  announces the implementation of the consolidation of the shares comprising its share capital at the rate of 10 000 old shares against 1 new share  in accordance with the third resolution approved by the combined general meeting of shareholders dated December 27  2021 . The launch of this combination was decided by the Board of Directors meeting on March 30  2022   as announced by press release dated March 31  2022 .The objective of this combination is to support a new stock market dynamic of the Company  as well as to reduce the volatility of the Delta Drone share price  induced by the low level of its current value.The consolidation operations will take place from April 22  2022 to May 23  2022 inclusive. They will take effect on May 24  2022   the first day of listing of the shares resulting from the combination.This transaction will not affect the overall value of delta Drone shares held in the portfolio by shareholders  with the exception of the broken ones.Terms of the grouping of sharesIn accordance with the terms of the notice of consolidation published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires of April 6  2022   the main characteristics of the share consolidation are as follows:Number of shares subject to consolidation: 5 841 620 631Nominal unit value of the share: €0.0001ISIN code of old shares before consolidation: FR0011522168Exchange parity: 10 000 old shares against 1 new shareNumber of shares to be acquired from the consolidation: 584 162 sharesNominal value of the share at the end of the consolidation: 1 euroISIN code of the new shares resulting from the grouping: FR0014009LP0In practice  each shareholder will be automatically allocated by his financial intermediary 1 new share for each block of 10 000 old shares.Shareholders holding a total number of shares forming an exact multiple of 10 000 will not have to take any steps. Shareholders who do not have a number of old shares corresponding to a whole number of new shares (i.e. a multiple of 10 000 old shares) will have to make their personal business of buying or selling the old shares forming broken in order to obtain a multiple number of shares of 10 000  until May 23  2022 inclusive.After this period  shareholders who have not obtained a multiple number of shares of 10 000 will be compensated by their financial intermediary within 30 days from 24 May 2022   in accordance with Articles L.228-6-1 and R.228-12 of the French Commercial Code and market practice.New shares which could not be allocated individually and corresponding to rights forming broken will be sold on the stock exchange by the account holders and the sums resulting from the sale will be distributed in proportion to the rights forming broken of the holders of these rights.BNP Paribas Securities Services will centralize the consolidation operations.The shares subject to the consolidation will be admitted to trading on the Euronext Growth Paris market until 23 Mai 2022  the last day of listing. The shares resulting from the combination will be admitted to trading on the Euronext Growth Paris market as of May 24  2022   the first day of listing.The mnemonic code of Delta Drone shares (ALDR) will remain unchanged at the end of the consolidation operations.Suspension of the rights of holders of transferable securities giving access to capitalIn connection with the implementation of this combination  the Company has informed the holders of (i) convertible bond warrants  with attached share purchase warrants where applicable (the ""Warrants"")  (ii) bonds convertible into shares (the ""OCAs"")  (iii) share purchase warrants (the ""BSAs""). "")  issued under the financing agreement concluded with the investment fund YA II PN  Ltd   represented by Yorkville Advisors Global LP (the ""Investor"") on October 14  2020   as amended on December 7  2020   and (iv) BSA Y CODE ISIN FR 0013400991  in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 225-149-1 and R. 225-133 of the French Commercial Code  the temporary suspension of the right to exercise their Issue Vouchers and BSAs as well as the right to convert their OCAs from 19 April 2022 at 11:59 a.m. until May 25  2022 at 11:59 p.m.Indicative calendar of operationsApril 6  2022 Publication of the grouping notice in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires April 19  2022 Opening of the period of suspension of the exercise of transferable securities giving access to capital April 22  2022 Start of consolidation operations From April 22  2022 to May 23  2022 included Possibility for shareholders to buy and sell shares in order to obtain a number of shares without broken From May 23  2022Last day of the listing of the shares of 0.0001 euro of nominal value Carrying out the grouping of actions From May 24  2022 Compensation for shareholders with breaks through their financial intermediary (from 24 May to 25 June inclusive) May 25  2022 Record date for the delivery of the shares resulting from the consolidation May 26  2022 Allocation of new shares (Payment Date) May 26  2022 Resumption of the exercise of transferable securities giving access to share capitalAbout Delta Drone : Delta Drone Group is a recognized international player in the field of civilian drones for professional use. It develops a range of professional solutions based on drone technology as well as all associated services that form a complete value chain.Delta Drone shares are listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market – ISIN code: FR0011522168BSA Y – ISIN code: FR 0013400991www.deltadrone.comInvestor contacts: Press contact:Jerome Gacoin Louise Caetano +33 1 75 77 54 65 +33 1 55 02 15 13 jgacoin@aelium.fr l.caetano@open2europe.comSarah Ousahla+33 1 55 02 15 31s.ousahla@open2europe.comAttachment20220419_PR_Consolidation_Delta_Drone_shares_new_stock",neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['new stock market dynamic', 'Delta Drone shares', 'Consolidation', 'volatility', 'Yorkville Advisors Global LP', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'BSA Y CODE ISIN', 'new stock market dynamic', 'Delta Drone share price', 'YA II PN', 'French Commercial Code', 'convertible bond warrants', 'combined general meeting', 'Nominal unit value', 'share purchase warrants', 'Delta Drone shares', 'First trading day', 'ISIN code', 'market practice', 'Articles L.', 'Nominal value', 'stock exchange', 'mnemonic code', 'transferable securities', '1 new share', 'first day', 'Directors meeting', 'current value', 'overall value', 'last day', 'combined shares', 'new shares', 'Key points', 'third resolution', 'press release', 'low level', 'main characteristics', 'Exchange parity', 'financial intermediary', 'personal business', 'financing agreement', 'investment fund', 'Issue Vouchers', 'Indicative calendar', 'exact multiple', '10,000 old shares', 'share consolidation', 'share capital', 'total number', 'security holders', 'account holders', 'consolidation operations', 'temporary suspension', 'multiple number', 'grouping notice', '584,162 shares', 'volatility', 'Dardilly', 'April', '6pm', 'Implementation', 'May', 'exercise', 'rights', 'ALDR', 'Company', 'rate', 'accordance', 'shareholders', 'launch', 'combination', 'Board', 'March', 'objective', 'place', 'effect', 'listing', 'transaction', 'portfolio', 'exception', 'Terms', 'Bulletin', '1 euro', 'block', 'steps', 'order', 'period', '30 days', 'sums', 'sale', 'proportion', '23 Mai', 'access', 'connection', 'attached', 'bonds', 'OCAs', 'BSAs', 'Investor', 'October', 'December', 'provisions', 'R.', 'Publication', 'Start', 'Possibility', '11:59']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,marketscreener.com
3169,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220419005979/en/FDE-announces-the-acquisition-of-Cryopur-the-leading-player-in-the-production-of-Liquefied-Biogas-LBG-and-Bio-CO2,FDE announces the acquisition of Cryopur  the leading player in the production of Liquefied Biogas (LBG) and Bio-CO2,3 hours ago,"PONTPIERRE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:FDE (Paris:FDE) (Euronext : FDE – ISIN : FR0013030152)  a carbon negative energy producer  is proud to announce the acquisition of 94% of the capital of Cryopur  a unique French company specializing in the treatment of biogas and its liquefaction into LBG and Bio-CO2  thus strengthening the group's position in energy production solutions that reduce greenhouse gas emissions.Cryopur  fruit of the recognized expertise of a Nobel Prize winnerCryopur was created in 2015 by Denis Clodic  former director of the Center for Energy and Processes at Mines ParisTech and co-winner of the Nobel Peace Prize in 2007 for his contributions to the IPCC (Intergovernmental Group of Experts on climate change).Capitalizing on 35 years of Research & Development  and French Tech Ambassador at the COP21  Cryopur has developed a breakthrough patented technology that purifies biogas into Bio-CO2 and Biomethane before liquefying it into LBG. The Bio-CO2 produced through the Cryopur process can be recovered in short circuits throughout the entire value chain  including by food industry players; LBG is sold to consumers as a substitute for fossil fuels.A patented technology unique in the world  applicable to all types of gasCryopur's technology is based on a cryogenic system that combines a system of integrated refrigeration cascades to separate the different gas components and liquefy them.Thanks to these processes based on 7 major families of international patents  the LBG and Bio-CO2 obtained thus meet the needs of all types of application.In addition  the processes invented by Cryopur combining purification and liquefaction have a decisive competitive advantage  particularly in terms of energy costs and gives Cryopur a unique positioning compared to biogas purification techniques without liquefaction such as membrane processes.Indeed  this technology allows farmers  cooperatives  industrialists  and energy companies to efficiently recover the full energy potential of their products and waste while reducing methane and CO2 emissions.Nearly €30 million have thus been invested in the development of the Cryopur process and its implementation. The technology is now in operation  particularly in the United Kingdom and Norway at 2 biogas production sites operated by leading industrial and agricultural players (Greenville and Renevo)  with a total production capacity to date of 5 000 tons of LBG and 5 000 tons of Bio-CO2 per year.A new European leader in green gas and Bio-CO2 is bornIn addition to the existing activities of FDE  focused mainly on the reduction of CO2eq emissions through the capture and recovery of mine gas  the group now includes the upgrading and liquefaction of all types of gas (biogas  landfill gas  flare  rare gas  etc.). The integration of Cryopur will therefore allow to maximize the value of FDE's large gas reserves but also to strengthen its position on the strategic green gas and CO2 markets.FDE's industrial optimization and project management know-how will also make it possible to develop the patented technologies developed by Cryopur even more efficiently by applying the operator model successfully developed by FDE on mine gas activities and solar in France and Belgium to the LBG and Bio-CO2 markets.These various synergies will thus create a leading European player in the production of energy from recovered or renewable gas.FDE estimates there are several tens of thousands of sites worldwide where the production of LBG and/or Bio-CO2 from recovered or renewable gas can be implemented. Cryopur's technology thus has very significant potential since less than 0.1% of the sites surveyed use these resources in the form of LBG and/or Bio-CO2.The portfolio of projects being finalized is already very solid with 7 new European projects currently under discussion for an anticipated amount of over €35 million  enabling FDE to become one of the European leaders in the production of LBG and of Bio-CO2.In 2021  Cryopur achieved revenues of €4.9M. The acquisition consideration amounts to €2.5M with a possible additional remuneration of €3M under certain conditions. The acquisition is financed by the group's available cash and FDE keeps its strong financing capacity in order to pursue its development projects  including those of its new subsidiary  Cryopur.Denis Clodic  founder and technical director of Cryopur  declares: ""The development of an innovative industrial company for the production of renewable fuel and the decarbonization of biogas  but also of flare gas and industrial fumes  requires solid expertise and an agile approach. The FDE and Cryopur teams have this know-how and this common ambition to take a leading position in the new LBG and fuel decarbonation markets. »Julien Moulin  President of FDE explains: “The acquisition of Cryopur is a fundamental and structuring step in the continuous development of FDE in the green gas and CO2 sectors. I am delighted to welcome Denis Clodic  a world reference for his work within the framework of the IPCC  and his entire team within the FDE group. I would also like to thank Geoffroy Mattlinger  who  as Chairman of Cryopur  enabled the company's international development and its merger with FDE in order to create a European leader in renewable energies."".Following this acquisition  FDE will communicate its new growth prospects for 2026 during the publication of the FY 2022 annual sales  on July 21st  2022.Next announcements:Q3 2022 sales – April 26th 2022Investors Day - April 27th 2022 (details to follow)About La Française de l’Énergie (« FDE »)FDE is a negative carbon footprint energy Group  specialized in the implementation via short circuits  of energy recovery and production sites  allowing the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. FDE notably supplies regional players with gas  electricity  heat and CO2  thus replacing imported energy with local  cleaner energy. FDE has strong development potential and aims to become a leading independent player in the energy sector in Europe.by Bpifrance. More information available on www.francaisedelenergie.frDisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward - looking statements and estimates concerning LFDE’s financial condition  operating results  strategy  projects and future performance and the markets in which it operates. Such forward-looking statements and estimates may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “can ” “could ” “estimate ” “expect ” “intend ” “is designed to ” “may ” “might ” “plan ” “potential ” “predict ” “objective ” “should ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. They incorporate all topics that are not historical facts. Forward looking statements  forecasts and estimates are based on management’s current assumptions and assessment of risks  uncertainties and other factors  known and unknown  which were deemed to be reasonable at the time they were made but which may turn out to be incorrect. Events and outcomes are difficult to predict and depend on factors beyond the company’s control. Consequently  the actual results  financial condition  performances and/or achievements of LFDE or of the industry may turn out to differ materially from the future results  performances or achievements expressed or implied by these statements  forecasts and estimates. Owing to these uncertainties  no representation is made as to the correctness or fairness of these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates speak only as of the date on which they are made  and LFDE undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by law.",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,positive,0.71,0.27,0.02,True,English,"['leading player', 'Liquefied Biogas', 'FDE', 'acquisition', 'Cryopur', 'production', 'LBG', 'Bio-CO2', 'carbon negative energy producer', 'Nobel Peace Prize', 'French Tech Ambassador', 'integrated refrigeration cascades', 'decisive competitive advantage', 'project management know-how', 'possible additional remuneration', 'strong financing capacity', 'unique French company', 'food industry players', 'new European leader', 'innovative industrial company', 'different gas components', 'large gas reserves', 'leading European player', 'Nobel Prize winner', 'entire value chain', 'total production capacity', 'fuel decarbonation markets', 'full energy potential', 'strategic green gas', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'breakthrough patented technology', '7 new European projects', 'mine gas activities', 'energy production solutions', 'biogas purification techniques', '2 biogas production sites', 'European leaders', 'leading industrial', 'unique positioning', 'agricultural players', 'existing activities', 'significant potential', 'new subsidiary', 'renewable fuel', 'CO2 emissions', 'CO2eq emissions', 'CO2 markets', 'energy costs', 'energy companies', 'industrial optimization', 'industrial fumes', 'landfill gas', 'rare gas', 'renewable gas', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'recognized expertise', 'Denis Clodic', 'former director', 'Mines ParisTech', 'climate change', 'short circuits', 'fossil fuels', '7 major families', 'international patents', 'United Kingdom', 'operator model', 'various synergies', 'several tens', 'available cash', 'technical director', 'solid expertise', 'agile approach', 'common ambition', 'Julien Moulin', 'structuring step', 'CO2 sectors', 'flare gas', 'leading position', 'new LBG', 'cryogenic system', 'world reference', 'development projects', 'continuous development', 'Intergovernmental Group', 'membrane processes', 'acquisition consideration', 'The Bio-CO2', 'Cryopur process', 'Cryopur teams', 'The FDE', 'Bio-CO2.', 'PONTPIERRE', 'France', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'capital', 'treatment', 'liquefaction', 'fruit', 'Center', 'contributions', 'IPCC', 'Experts', '35 years', 'Research', 'COP21', 'Biomethane', 'consumers', 'substitute', 'types', 'needs', 'application', 'terms', 'farmers', 'cooperatives', 'industrialists', 'products', 'waste', 'implementation', 'operation', 'Norway', 'Greenville', 'Renevo', 'date', '5,000 tons', 'reduction', 'capture', 'recovery', 'upgrading', 'integration', 'technologies', 'solar', 'Belgium', 'thousands', 'less', 'resources', 'portfolio', 'discussion', 'amount', 'revenues', 'conditions', 'order', 'founder', 'decarbonization', 'President', 'fundamental', 'work']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,businesswire.com
3170,EuroNext,Google API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/biotalys-appoints-michiel-van-lookeren-050000184.html,Biotalys Appoints Michiel van Lookeren Campagne to Board of Directors,15 hours ago,"BiotalysProminent industry leader strengthens company’s leadership in plant science and technologyGhent  BELGIUM and Durham  NC  USA  April 19  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press releaseBiotalys (Euronext: BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with protein-based biocontrol solutions  today announced the appointment of Dr. Michiel van Lookeren Campagne to its Board of Directors  following its annual shareholders meeting last week.“We are delighted to welcome Michiel to the board of Biotalys ” commented Simon Moroney  Chairman of Biotalys. “With decades of experience driving scientific advances for the agricultural industry in leadership positions around the globe  Michiel will bring valuable perspectives to the Board in support of the company’s efforts to make protein-based biocontrols a standard part of the crop and food protection toolkit in the years ahead.”As a pivotal player in innovations in biotechnology  Dr. van Lookeren Campagne held a variety of leadership roles at Syngenta and Bayer. At Syngenta  he was Head of Seeds Research based in Research Triangle Park  North Carolina  and at Bayer CropScience  he headed the research for its BioScience business. Prior to that  he held scientific research roles at Wageningen University & Research Centre (WUR). He currently serves as the Director Agriculture & Food for CSIRO  Australia’s national science agency. He will be relocating back to Europe this summer.“Biotalys is quickly becoming an important force in the rise of new biological solutions aiming to protect produce from farm to plate and sustainably feed our growing population ” noted Dr. Michiel van Lookeren Campagne. “I look forward to working with the Board and the Biotalys executive team to broaden the impact of its portfolio and ensure that the company earns the global market traction it deserves.”Michiel van Lookeren Campagne earned his M.S. and PhD in Developmental Biology from Leiden University in the Netherlands. Early in his career  he also served as an Assistant Professor and Associate Research Scientist at the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Columbia University.Story continuesThe annual shareholders meeting appointed Dr. van Lookeren Campagne as independent director of Biotalys with effect on 1 June 2022 for a period ending immediately after the ordinary general meeting in 2026.About BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and is listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comImportant NoticeThis announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. The Biotalys actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.44,0.25,0.31,True,English,"['Michiel van Lookeren Campagne', 'Biotalys', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Dr. Michiel van Lookeren Campagne', 'Dr. van Lookeren Campagne', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'new biological solutions', 'annual shareholders meeting', 'global market traction', 'ordinary general meeting', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'Prominent industry leader', 'national science agency', 'Research Triangle Park', 'Associate Research Scientist', 'key crop pests', 'food protection toolkit', 'safer food supply', 'scientific research roles', 'Biotalys executive team', 'protein-based biocontrols', 'plant science', 'scientific advances', 'agricultural industry', 'Seeds Research', 'Research Centre', 'Agricultural Technology', 'leadership roles', 'Press release', 'Simon Moroney', 'valuable perspectives', 'standard part', 'pivotal player', 'North Carolina', 'BioScience business', 'Wageningen University', 'Director Agriculture', 'important force', 'growing population', 'M.S.', 'Developmental Biology', 'Leiden University', 'Assistant Professor', 'Columbia University', 'independent director', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'Communication T', 'Important Notice', 'forward-looking terminology', 'intended results', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'looking statements', 'leadership positions', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Bayer CropScience', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'AgTech) company', 'The Biotalys', 'Toon Musschoot', 'Ghent', 'BELGIUM', 'Durham', 'USA', 'April', 'BTLS', 'appointment', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Chairman', 'decades', 'experience', 'support', 'efforts', 'years', 'innovations', 'biotechnology', 'variety', 'Syngenta', 'Head', 'WUR', 'CSIRO', 'Australia', 'Europe', 'rise', 'produce', 'farm', 'plate', 'impact', 'portfolio', 'PhD', 'Netherlands', 'career', 'College', 'Physicians', 'Surgeons', 'Story', '1 June', 'period', 'alternatives', 'sustainable', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'July', 'announcement', 'use', 'words', 'plans', 'target', 'strategy', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'readers', 'none', 'guarantee', 'updates', 'adjustments', 'law', '9']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,uk.finance.yahoo.com
3171,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2022/04/19/euronext-otcmktseuxtf-given-average-rating-of-buy-by-analysts/,Euronext (OTCMKTS:EUXTF) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts,Euronext (OTCMKTS:EUXTF – Get Rating) has been given a consensus recommendation of “Buy” by the six ratings firms that are covering the firm  MarketBeat reports. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and four have ...,Euronext (OTCMKTS:EUXTF – Get Rating) has been given a consensus recommendation of “Buy” by the six ratings firms that are covering the firm  MarketBeat reports. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and four have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 1-year price target among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $104.00.EUXTF has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. Barclays initiated coverage on shares of Euronext in a research note on Thursday  February 3rd. They set an “equal weight” rating on the stock. Credit Suisse Group initiated coverage on shares of Euronext in a research report on Thursday  April 7th. They issued an “outperform” rating on the stock.Get Euronext alerts:Shares of OTCMKTS:EUXTF traded up $3.18 during midday trading on Tuesday  reaching $93.10. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 515 shares  compared to its average volume of 972. The stock has a fifty day moving average of $92.14 and a 200 day moving average of $100.26. Euronext has a twelve month low of $84.46 and a twelve month high of $121.53.Euronext N.V.  together with its subsidiaries  operates securities and derivatives exchanges in Continental Europe  Ireland  and Norway. The company offers a range of exchange and corporate services  including security listings  cash and derivatives trading  and market data dissemination. It also provides listing venues and cash equities trading venues; and various marketplaces  including multilateral trading facilities for investors  broker-dealers  and other market participants to meet directly to buy and sell cash equities  fixed income securities  and exchange traded products.See AlsoWant More Great Investing Ideas?Receive News & Ratings for Euronext Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Euronext and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.54,0.19,0.27,True,English,"['Average Rating', 'Euronext', 'OTCMKTS', 'EUXTF', 'Buy', 'Analysts', 'More Great Investing Ideas', 'average 1-year price target', 'fifty day moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'cash equities trading venues', '200 day moving average', 'Credit Suisse Group', 'market data dissemination', 'other market participants', 'concise daily summary', 'multilateral trading facilities', 'Two investment analysts', 'recent analyst reports', 'equal weight” rating', 'six ratings firms', 'twelve month low', 'fixed income securities', 'Euronext N.V.', 'average volume', 'listing venues', 'email address', 'midday trading', 'trading volume', 'derivatives trading', 'MarketBeat reports', 'Euronext Daily', ""analysts' ratings"", 'Get Rating', 'outperform” rating', 'consensus recommendation', 'hold recommendation', 'last year', 'research note', 'research report', 'derivatives exchanges', 'Continental Europe', 'corporate services', 'security listings', 'various marketplaces', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'buy recommendation', 'Euronext alerts', 'latest news', 'OTCMKTS', 'EUXTF', 'stock', 'company', 'brokerages', 'coverage', 'topic', 'number', 'Barclays', 'shares', 'Thursday', 'February', 'April', 'Tuesday', 'subsidiaries', 'Ireland', 'Norway', 'range', 'investors', 'broker-dealers', 'traded', 'products']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,etfdailynews.com
3172,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.defenseworld.net/2022/04/19/euronext-otcmktseuxtf-receives-average-rating-of-buy-from-brokerages.html,Euronext (OTCMKTS:EUXTF) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages,Shares of Euronext (OTCMKTS:EUXTF – Get Rating) have received a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the six ratings firms that are currently covering the company  MarketBeat.com reports. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold ...,Shares of Euronext (OTCMKTS:EUXTF – Get Rating) have received a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the six ratings firms that are currently covering the company  MarketBeat.com reports. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and four have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average twelve-month price target among brokerages that have covered the stock in the last year is $104.00.EUXTF has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. Credit Suisse Group initiated coverage on Euronext in a research note on Thursday  April 7th. They issued an “outperform” rating on the stock. Barclays initiated coverage on Euronext in a research report on Thursday  February 3rd. They set an “equal weight” rating on the stock.Get Euronext alerts:Shares of EUXTF stock traded up $3.18 during trading on Tuesday  reaching $93.10. The company had a trading volume of 515 shares  compared to its average volume of 972. The firm’s 50 day simple moving average is $92.14 and its two-hundred day simple moving average is $100.26. Euronext has a one year low of $84.46 and a one year high of $121.53.Euronext N.V.  together with its subsidiaries  operates securities and derivatives exchanges in Continental Europe  Ireland  and Norway. The company offers a range of exchange and corporate services  including security listings  cash and derivatives trading  and market data dissemination. It also provides listing venues and cash equities trading venues; and various marketplaces  including multilateral trading facilities for investors  broker-dealers  and other market participants to meet directly to buy and sell cash equities  fixed income securities  and exchange traded products.Further ReadingReceive News & Ratings for Euronext Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Euronext and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,negative,0.09,0.37,0.54,True,English,"['Average Rating', 'Euronext', 'OTCMKTS', 'EUXTF', 'Buy', 'Brokerages', 'two-hundred day simple moving average', '50 day simple moving average', 'average twelve-month price target', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'cash equities trading venues', 'recent analyst reports', 'Credit Suisse Group', 'market data dissemination', 'other market participants', 'concise daily summary', 'Two investment analysts', 'multilateral trading facilities', 'equal weight” rating', 'six ratings firms', 'fixed income securities', 'Euronext N.V.', 'average volume', 'listing venues', 'email address', 'Euronext Daily', ""analysts' ratings"", 'trading volume', 'derivatives trading', 'Get Rating', 'outperform” rating', 'consensus recommendation', 'MarketBeat.com', 'hold recommendation', 'last year', 'research note', 'research report', 'derivatives exchanges', 'Continental Europe', 'corporate services', 'security listings', 'various marketplaces', 'Further Reading', 'related companies', 'buy recommendation', 'Euronext alerts', 'one year', 'latest news', 'EUXTF stock', 'Shares', 'OTCMKTS', 'company', 'brokerages', 'topic', 'number', 'coverage', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Barclays', 'February', 'Tuesday', 'subsidiaries', 'Ireland', 'Norway', 'range', 'investors', 'broker-dealers', 'traded', 'products']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,defenseworld.net
3173,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.actusnews.com/en/altamir/pr/2022/04/19/altamir_s-2021-universal-registration-document-is-available,Altamir's 2021 Universal Registration Document is available,Altamir's 2021 Registration Document was filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on 19 April 2022. The following documents are included in the Registration Document: The 2021 annual and IFRS accounts;,"19/04/2022 - 20:15Paris  19 April 2022 - Altamir's 2021 Registration Document was filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on 19 April 2022.The following documents are included in the Registration Document:The 2021 annual and IFRS accounts;The report on corporate governance;Description of the share buyback programme.This document is available in French on the Company's website (www.altamir.fr  Media Center/ Informations reglementées https://www.altamir.fr/fr/informations-reglementees/) and the AMF (www.amf-france.org).It is also available at the Company's headquarters:1  rue Paul Cézanne - 75008 Paris (France).FORTHCOMING EVENTSAnnual Shareholders' Meeting 26 April 2022 NAV as of 31/03/2022 11 May 2022  post-trading First-half earnings and NAV as of 30/06/2022 7 September 2022  post-trading NAV as of 30/09/2022 8 November 2022  post-trading* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *About AltamirAltamir is a listed private equity company (Euronext Paris-B  ticker: LTA) founded in 1995 and with a NAV of nearly €1.4bn. Its objective is to provide shareholders with long-term capital appreciation and regular dividends by investing in a diversified portfolio of private equity investments.Altamir's investment policy is to invest principally via and with the funds managed or advised by Apax Partners SAS and Apax Partners LLP  two leading private equity firms that take majority or lead positions in buyouts and growth capital transactions and seek ambitious value creation objectives. In this way  Altamir provides access to a diversified portfolio of fast-growing companies across Apax's sectors of specialisation (Tech & Telco  Consumer  Healthcare  Services) and in complementary market segments (mid-sized companies in continental Europe and large companies in Europe  North America and key emerging markets).Altamir derives certain tax benefits from its status as a SCR (""Société de Capital Risque""). As such  Altamir is exempt from corporate tax and the company's investors may benefit from tax exemptions  subject to specific holding-period and dividend-reinvestment conditions.ContactClaire Peyssard MosesTel.: +33 1 53 65 01 74E-mail: [email protected]Paris  19 April 2022 - Altamir's 2021 Registration Document was filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on 19 April 2022.The following documents are included in the Registration Document:The 2021 annual and IFRS accounts;The report on corporate governance;Description of the share buyback programme.This document is available in French on the Company's website (www.altamir.fr  Media Center/ Informations reglementées https://www.altamir.fr/fr/informations-reglementees/) and the AMF (www.amf-france.org).It is also available at the Company's headquarters:1  rue Paul Cézanne - 75008 Paris (France).FORTHCOMING EVENTSAnnual Shareholders' Meeting 26 April 2022 NAV as of 31/03/2022 11 May 2022  post-trading First-half earnings and NAV as of 30/06/2022 7 September 2022  post-trading NAV as of 30/09/2022 8 November 2022  post-trading* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *About AltamirAltamir is a listed private equity company (Euronext Paris-B  ticker: LTA) founded in 1995 and with a NAV of nearly €1.4bn. Its objective is to provide shareholders with long-term capital appreciation and regular dividends by investing in a diversified portfolio of private equity investments.Altamir's investment policy is to invest principally via and with the funds managed or advised by Apax Partners SAS and Apax Partners LLP  two leading private equity firms that take majority or lead positions in buyouts and growth capital transactions and seek ambitious value creation objectives. In this way  Altamir provides access to a diversified portfolio of fast-growing companies across Apax's sectors of specialisation (Tech & Telco  Consumer  Healthcare  Services) and in complementary market segments (mid-sized companies in continental Europe and large companies in Europe  North America and key emerging markets).Altamir derives certain tax benefits from its status as a SCR (""Société de Capital Risque""). As such  Altamir is exempt from corporate tax and the company's investors may benefit from tax exemptions  subject to specific holding-period and dividend-reinvestment conditions.ContactClaire Peyssard MosesTel.: +33 1 53 65 01 74E-mail: [email protected]",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['2021 Universal Registration Document', 'Altamir', 'two leading private equity firms', 'rue Paul Cézanne', 'ambitious value creation objectives', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'private equity investments', 'key emerging markets', 'share buyback programme', 'complementary market segments', 'Société de', 'Claire Peyssard Moses', 'private equity company', 'long-term capital appreciation', 'growth capital transactions', 'Apax Partners SAS', 'Apax Partners LLP', 'Informations reglementées', 'trading First-half earnings', ""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Capital Risque', 'following documents', 'IFRS accounts', 'corporate governance', 'Media Center', 'FORTHCOMING EVENTS', 'Euronext Paris-B', 'regular dividends', 'diversified portfolio', 'investment policy', 'lead positions', 'sized companies', 'large companies', 'North America', 'tax benefits', 'corporate tax', 'tax exemptions', 'specific holding-period', 'dividend-reinvestment conditions', '2021 Registration Document', 'continental Europe', 'trading NAV', '2021 annual', '19 April', 'Altamir', 'AMF', 'The', 'report', 'Description', 'website', 'reglementees', 'france', 'org', 'headquarters', '75008 Paris', '31/03', 'May', '30/06', 'September', '30/09', 'November', 'ticker', 'funds', 'majority', 'buyouts', 'way', 'access', 'sectors', 'specialisation', 'Tech', 'Telco', 'Consumer', 'Healthcare', 'Services', 'status', 'investors', 'Contact', 'Tel.', 'mail']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,actusnews.com
3174,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fde-announces-acquisition-cryopur-leading-180500925.html,FDE announces the acquisition of Cryopur  the leading player in the production of Liquefied Biogas (LBG) and Bio-CO2,PONTPIERRE  France  April 19  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: FDE (Paris:FDE) (Euronext : FDE – ISIN : FR0013030152)  a carbon negative energy producer  is proud to announce the ...,"PONTPIERRE  France  April 19  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:FDE (Paris:FDE) (Euronext : FDE – ISIN : FR0013030152)  a carbon negative energy producer  is proud to announce the acquisition of 94% of the capital of Cryopur  a unique French company specializing in the treatment of biogas and its liquefaction into LBG and Bio-CO2  thus strengthening the group's position in energy production solutions that reduce greenhouse gas emissions.Cryopur  fruit of the recognized expertise of a Nobel Prize winnerCryopur was created in 2015 by Denis Clodic  former director of the Center for Energy and Processes at Mines ParisTech and co-winner of the Nobel Peace Prize in 2007 for his contributions to the IPCC (Intergovernmental Group of Experts on climate change).Capitalizing on 35 years of Research & Development  and French Tech Ambassador at the COP21  Cryopur has developed a breakthrough patented technology that purifies biogas into Bio-CO2 and Biomethane before liquefying it into LBG. The Bio-CO2 produced through the Cryopur process can be recovered in short circuits throughout the entire value chain  including by food industry players; LBG is sold to consumers as a substitute for fossil fuels.A patented technology unique in the world  applicable to all types of gasCryopur's technology is based on a cryogenic system that combines a system of integrated refrigeration cascades to separate the different gas components and liquefy them.Thanks to these processes based on 7 major families of international patents  the LBG and Bio-CO2 obtained thus meet the needs of all types of application.In addition  the processes invented by Cryopur combining purification and liquefaction have a decisive competitive advantage  particularly in terms of energy costs and gives Cryopur a unique positioning compared to biogas purification techniques without liquefaction such as membrane processes.Indeed  this technology allows farmers  cooperatives  industrialists  and energy companies to efficiently recover the full energy potential of their products and waste while reducing methane and CO2 emissions.Story continuesNearly €30 million have thus been invested in the development of the Cryopur process and its implementation. The technology is now in operation  particularly in the United Kingdom and Norway at 2 biogas production sites operated by leading industrial and agricultural players (Greenville and Renevo)  with a total production capacity to date of 5 000 tons of LBG and 5 000 tons of Bio-CO2 per year.A new European leader in green gas and Bio-CO2 is bornIn addition to the existing activities of FDE  focused mainly on the reduction of CO2eq emissions through the capture and recovery of mine gas  the group now includes the upgrading and liquefaction of all types of gas (biogas  landfill gas  flare  rare gas  etc.). The integration of Cryopur will therefore allow to maximize the value of FDE's large gas reserves but also to strengthen its position on the strategic green gas and CO2 markets.FDE's industrial optimization and project management know-how will also make it possible to develop the patented technologies developed by Cryopur even more efficiently by applying the operator model successfully developed by FDE on mine gas activities and solar in France and Belgium to the LBG and Bio-CO2 markets.These various synergies will thus create a leading European player in the production of energy from recovered or renewable gas.FDE estimates there are several tens of thousands of sites worldwide where the production of LBG and/or Bio-CO2 from recovered or renewable gas can be implemented. Cryopur's technology thus has very significant potential since less than 0.1% of the sites surveyed use these resources in the form of LBG and/or Bio-CO2.The portfolio of projects being finalized is already very solid with 7 new European projects currently under discussion for an anticipated amount of over €35 million  enabling FDE to become one of the European leaders in the production of LBG and of Bio-CO2.In 2021  Cryopur achieved revenues of €4.9M. The acquisition consideration amounts to €2.5M with a possible additional remuneration of €3M under certain conditions. The acquisition is financed by the group's available cash and FDE keeps its strong financing capacity in order to pursue its development projects  including those of its new subsidiary  Cryopur.Denis Clodic  founder and technical director of Cryopur  declares: ""The development of an innovative industrial company for the production of renewable fuel and the decarbonization of biogas  but also of flare gas and industrial fumes  requires solid expertise and an agile approach. The FDE and Cryopur teams have this know-how and this common ambition to take a leading position in the new LBG and fuel decarbonation markets. »Julien Moulin  President of FDE explains: ""The acquisition of Cryopur is a fundamental and structuring step in the continuous development of FDE in the green gas and CO2 sectors. I am delighted to welcome Denis Clodic  a world reference for his work within the framework of the IPCC  and his entire team within the FDE group. I would also like to thank Geoffroy Mattlinger  who  as Chairman of Cryopur  enabled the company's international development and its merger with FDE in order to create a European leader in renewable energies."".Following this acquisition  FDE will communicate its new growth prospects for 2026 during the publication of the FY 2022 annual sales  on July 21st  2022.Next announcements:Q3 2022 sales – April 26th 2022Investors Day - April 27th 2022 (details to follow)About La Française de l’Énergie (« FDE »)FDE is a negative carbon footprint energy Group  specialized in the implementation via short circuits  of energy recovery and production sites  allowing the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. FDE notably supplies regional players with gas  electricity  heat and CO2  thus replacing imported energy with local  cleaner energy. FDE has strong development potential and aims to become a leading independent player in the energy sector in Europe.by Bpifrance. More information available on www.francaisedelenergie.frDisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward - looking statements and estimates concerning LFDE’s financial condition  operating results  strategy  projects and future performance and the markets in which it operates. Such forward-looking statements and estimates may be identified by words such as ""anticipate "" ""believe "" ""can "" ""could "" ""estimate "" ""expect "" ""intend "" ""is designed to "" ""may "" ""might "" ""plan "" ""potential "" ""predict "" ""objective "" ""should "" or the negative of these and similar expressions. They incorporate all topics that are not historical facts. Forward looking statements  forecasts and estimates are based on management’s current assumptions and assessment of risks  uncertainties and other factors  known and unknown  which were deemed to be reasonable at the time they were made but which may turn out to be incorrect. Events and outcomes are difficult to predict and depend on factors beyond the company’s control. Consequently  the actual results  financial condition  performances and/or achievements of LFDE or of the industry may turn out to differ materially from the future results  performances or achievements expressed or implied by these statements  forecasts and estimates. Owing to these uncertainties  no representation is made as to the correctness or fairness of these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates speak only as of the date on which they are made  and LFDE undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by law.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220419005979/en/ContactsPresscontact@francaisedelenergie.fr+ 33 3 87 04 34 51Investor Relationsir@françaisedelenergie.fr+33 3 87 04 34 51",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,positive,0.69,0.28,0.04,True,English,"['leading player', 'Liquefied Biogas', 'FDE', 'acquisition', 'Cryopur', 'production', 'LBG', 'Bio-CO2', 'carbon negative energy producer', 'Nobel Peace Prize', 'French Tech Ambassador', 'integrated refrigeration cascades', 'decisive competitive advantage', 'project management know-how', 'possible additional remuneration', 'strong financing capacity', 'unique French company', 'food industry players', 'new European leader', 'innovative industrial company', 'different gas components', 'large gas reserves', 'leading European player', 'Nobel Prize winner', 'entire value chain', 'total production capacity', 'fuel decarbonation markets', 'full energy potential', 'strategic green gas', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'breakthrough patented technology', '7 new European projects', 'mine gas activities', 'energy production solutions', 'biogas purification techniques', '2 biogas production sites', 'European leaders', 'leading industrial', 'unique positioning', 'agricultural players', 'existing activities', 'significant potential', 'new subsidiary', 'renewable fuel', 'CO2 emissions', 'CO2eq emissions', 'CO2 markets', 'energy costs', 'energy companies', 'industrial optimization', 'industrial fumes', 'landfill gas', 'rare gas', 'renewable gas', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'recognized expertise', 'Denis Clodic', 'former director', 'Mines ParisTech', 'climate change', 'short circuits', 'fossil fuels', '7 major families', 'international patents', 'United Kingdom', 'operator model', 'various synergies', 'several tens', 'available cash', 'technical director', 'solid expertise', 'agile approach', 'common ambition', 'Julien Moulin', 'structuring step', 'CO2 sectors', 'work wit', 'flare gas', 'leading position', 'new LBG', 'cryogenic system', 'world reference', 'development projects', 'continuous development', 'Intergovernmental Group', 'membrane processes', 'acquisition consideration', 'The Bio-CO2', 'Cryopur process', 'Cryopur teams', 'FDE estimates', 'The FDE', 'Bio-CO2.', 'PONTPIERRE', 'France', 'April', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'capital', 'treatment', 'liquefaction', 'fruit', 'Center', 'contributions', 'IPCC', 'Experts', '35 years', 'Research', 'COP21', 'Biomethane', 'consumers', 'substitute', 'types', 'needs', 'application', 'terms', 'farmers', 'cooperatives', 'industrialists', 'products', 'waste', 'Story', 'implementation', 'operation', 'Norway', 'Greenville', 'Renevo', 'date', '5,000 tons', 'reduction', 'capture', 'recovery', 'upgrading', 'integration', 'technologies', 'solar', 'Belgium', 'thousands', 'less', 'resources', 'portfolio', 'discussion', 'amount', 'revenues', 'conditions', 'order', 'founder', 'decarbonization', 'President', 'fundamental']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,finance.yahoo.com
3175,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/eu-wheat-edges-lower-pressured-by-sharp-fall-in-chicago,EU wheat edges lower  pressured by sharp fall in Chicago,Euronext wheat futures ended in negative territory on Tuesday as a setback in Chicago reversed gains made in early trade on concerns of potential drought damage to U.S. crops. PARIS  April 19 (Reuters) - Euronext wheat futures ended in negative territory on Tuesday as a setback in Chicago reversed gains made in early trade on concerns of potential drought damage to U.,"PARIS  April 19 (Reuters) - Euronext wheat futures ended in negative territory on Tuesday as a setback in Chicago reversed gains made in early trade on concerns of potential drought damage to U.S. crops.Old-crop May Paris-based milling wheat futures BL2K2 settled down 0.4% at 399.50 euros ($431.26) a tonne  after earlier climbing to 411.00 euros.New-crop December wheat BL2Z2 settled down 0.6% at 361.25 euros  consolidating after earlier reaching a fresh contract high at 369.25 euros.The U.S. Department of Agriculture on Monday rated 30% of U.S. winter wheat in good to excellent condition  down two percentage points from a week ago  below an average of analyst expectations and the lowest for this time of year since 1996  underscoring a drought in the Plains wheat belt.The wheat crop was in better shape in France  the EU's largest producer  where an estimated 92% of French soft wheat crops were in good or excellent condition in the week to April 11  unchanged from the previous week and above a year-earlier score of 86%  farm office FranceAgriMer said on Friday.Traders were still assessing the impact of India's addition on Egypt's state buyer GASC's list of origins after Russia's invasion of Ukraine disrupted shipments out of its main wheat suppliers and led to a sharp rise in prices.In its import tender last week  GASC booked 240 000 tonnes of French wheat  along with 50 000 tonnes of Bulgarian wheat and 60 000 tonnes of Russian wheat.The purchase was GASC's first purchase since the start on Feb. 24 of Russia's invasion of Ukraine.""The sudden return of the GASC  in the midst of a rising market  for a large volume of 350 000 tonnes and at a record price worries all operators. This purchase is the symbol of global fears for the coming months "" consultancy Agritel said.Prices at 1643 GMT Last Change Pct Move CBOT wheat Wv1 1114 50 -14 25 -1 26 CBOT corn Cv1 800 75 -6 25 -0 77 CBOT soy Sv1 1721 75 7 00 0 41 Paris wheat BL2c1 400 50 -0 50 -0 12 Paris maize EMAc1 328 50 -4 25 -1 28 Paris rape COMc1 1015 00 11 00 1 10 WTI crude oil CLc1 102 98 -5 23 -4 83 Euro/dlr EUR= 1 0796 0 00 0 15 Most active contracts - Wheat  corn and soy US cents/bushel  Paris futures in euros per tonne (Reporting by Sybille de La Hamaide; Editing by Emelia Sithole-Matarise) ((Sybille.deLaHamaide@thomsonreuters.com; +336 8774 4148;))The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq  Inc.",neutral,0.03,0.65,0.32,mixed,0.14,0.18,0.68,True,English,"['EU wheat', 'sharp fall', 'Chicago', 'Old-crop May Paris-based milling wheat futures BL2K2', 'The U.S. Department', 'New-crop December wheat BL2Z2', 'Sybille de La Hamaide', 'Pct Move CBOT wheat', 'U.S. winter wheat', 'French soft wheat crops', 'U.S. crops', 'Euronext wheat futures', 'CBOT soy Sv1', 'Plains wheat belt', 'main wheat suppliers', 'WTI crude oil', '0,15 Most active contracts', 'soy US cents', 'CBOT corn Cv1', 'potential drought damage', 'French wheat', 'Paris futures', 'Bulgarian wheat', 'Russian wheat', 'Sybille.deLaHamaide', '1 Paris wheat', 'negative territory', 'early trade', 'fresh contract', 'excellent condition', 'analyst expectations', 'largest producer', 'year-earlier score', 'farm office', 'state buyer', 'sharp rise', 'import tender', 'sudden return', 'rising market', 'large volume', 'record price', 'global fears', 'coming months', 'Last Change', 'Emelia Sithole-Matarise', 'Paris maize', 'Paris rape', 'previous week', 'first purchase', 'April', 'Reuters', 'Tuesday', 'setback', 'Chicago', 'gains', 'concerns', '399.50 euros', '411.00 euros', '361.25 euros', '369.25 euros', 'Agriculture', 'Monday', 'good', 'average', 'time', 'shape', 'France', 'Friday', 'Traders', 'impact', 'India', 'addition', 'Egypt', 'GASC', 'list', 'origins', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'shipments', 'prices', '240,000 tonnes', '50,000 tonnes', '60,000 tonnes', 'start', 'Feb.', 'midst', 'operators', 'symbol', 'consultancy', 'Agritel', '1643 GMT', 'EMAc1', 'bushel', 'Editing', 'views', 'opinions', 'author', 'Nasdaq', 'Inc']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,nasdaq.com
3176,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2022-04/55810788-groupe-berkem-reports-its-2021-full-year-results-its-2022-first-quarter-revenue-and-provides-an-update-on-its-business-trends-and-outlook-004.htm,Groupe Berkem Reports Its 2021 Full-Year Results  Its 2022 First-Quarter Revenue and Provides an Update on Its Business Trends and Outlook,Highly successful IPO on the Euronext Growth market in Paris Strong growth of 14% in 2021 revenue to €46.1 million and EBITDA margin of 20% Very encouraging start to 2022  with first-quarter revenue,"Highly successful IPO on the Euronext Growth market in ParisStrong growth of 14% in 2021 revenue to €46.1 million and EBITDA margin of 20%Very encouraging start to 2022  with first-quarter revenue of €13.8 millionGroup's financial targets for 2024 reiteratedRegulatory News:Groupe Berkem (Paris:ALKEM)  a leading player in bio-based chemicals (ISIN code: FR00140069V2  Ticker: ALKEM)  announces its consolidated results for the year ended December 31  2021  as approved by its Board of Directors on April 15  2022. The audit procedures on the annual accounts have been conducted and the auditors' report is being issued. Groupe Berkem also reports its 2022 first-quarter revenue and provided an update on its recent business trends and outlook.Olivier Fahy  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Groupe Berkem stated: ""2021 was a game-changing year for Groupe Berkem. We completed our IPO in early December  capping off a solid year from a business and financial perspective. Along with our financial performance  we have demonstrated in recent months the effectiveness of our strategy of meeting the growing demand among industries for natural products. We now sell 100% bio-based resins for the paints market  delivering a performance equivalent to conventional products at a competitive cost. Staying true to our corporate purpose and in line with the commitments we gave ahead of our IPO  we are well-placed to achieve a healthy pace of profitable growth over the next few years. Accordingly  we are reiterating our financial targets for 2024Anthony Labrugnas  Chief Financial Officer of Groupe Berkem  added:""Our performance during 2021 reflects Groupe Berkem's ability to raise our profitability while pursuing ambitious organic growth. We maintained the same positive momentum in the first few months of 2022  despite pressure on our supply chain in the current market environment. The investments we made in recent years  especially in our Lixol subsidiary  have also started to pay off. Lastly  we strengthened our financial strength with our successful IPO  helping to optimize our balance sheet2021 FULL-YEAR RESULTS2021 income statementIn thousands of euros 2021 2020 % change Revenue 46 066 40 574 14% Sales of goods 27 Production sold (goods) 42 715 38 985 Production sold (services) 3 325 1 589 Capitalized production 1 725 1 383 Production in Inventory 529 -196 Operating subsidies 722 1 050 Reversal of impairment and provisions 611 96 Other income 6 144 Other operating income 1 050 Operating revenue 50 709 43 050 18% Purchases consumed -19 770 -15 536 Staff costs -11 470 -10 287 External charges -8 935 -8 254 Change in inventories 363 -176 Other operating expense -301 -430 Taxes other than on income -788 -897 Depreciation and amortization -4 247 -2 972 Operating income/(loss) 5 560 4 851 15% Net financial income/(expense) -2 766 -150 Income from consolidated companies 2 794 4 701 -41% Non-recurring income and expense -1 297 -2 107 Income tax expense -770 -1 146 Amortization of goodwill -15 Consolidated net income 727 1 462 -50% Non-controlling interest 193 21 Net income attributable to owners of the parent 534 1 441 -63%Notes:The 2021 consolidated income statement is an unaudited pro forma 12-month income statement  with the audited consolidated financial statements covering the period from March 8  2021 (date of the takeover of BERKEM DEVELOPPEMENT) to December 31  2021.The 2020 income statement is derived from the audited combined financial statements and corresponds to the sum of the parent company financial statements of BERKEM GROUP and the consolidated financial statements of BERKEM DEVELOPPEMENT  BERKEM  ADKALIS  LIXOL  and EUROLYO.Strong growth of 14% in revenue to €46.1 million and EBITDA margin of 20% in 2021Groupe Berkem's 2021 revenue totaled €46.1 million in 2021  up close to 14%1 from €40.6 million in 2020.The plant extraction division contributed 31.5% (vs. 35% in 2020) of 2021 revenue  or €14.5 million. The formulation division contributed 68.5% (vs. 65% in 2020) of 2021 revenue  or €31.6 million. The formulation division's revenue recorded a strong increase of 20% in 2021. The key factors behind this rise were an acceleration in demand for bio-based solutions in the construction sector (up 33%) and also in the pest control market (up 21%).In 2021  purchases consumed  mainly comprising raw materials purchases  amounted to €19.8 million. Staff costs rose to €11.5 million  up 11% compared to 2020  following the recruitments to support the acceleration in the Group's growth.Groupe Berkem continues its drive to invest in R&D and regulatory affairs in order to sustain its level of innovation and support its applications for marketing approval. 6% of revenue was invested in R&D in 2021.EBITDA2 totaled €9.2 million  up from €7.7 million in 2020 and representing an EBITDA margin of 20%  ahead of the 19% posted in 2020.Operating income came to €5.6 million in 2021  up from €4.8 million in 2020 (+15%).Net financial expense came to €2.8 million in 2021  with consolidated net income at €2.8 million before tax and non-recurring items. Non-recurring income and expenses  corresponding in part to internal costs related to Groupe Berkem's IPO  came to €1.3 million during the year. Income tax expense totaled €0.8 million in 2021.Lastly  net income attributable to owners of the parent came to €0.5 million in 2021.Net cash position of €15.4 million at December 31  2021In December 2021  the Company completed a €43.9 million capital increase. Since the initial offering was oversubscribed  the Company exercised the extension clause in full. In addition  the total size of the Offering was increased to €52.2 million following the partial exercise of the overallotment option. The total number of Groupe Berkem shares sold in connection with the IPO came to 5 615 191  of which 4 719 222 were new ordinary shares and 895 969 were existing shares.In line with the IPO guidance  Groupe Berkem devoted a portion of the proceeds raised from the capital increase to strengthening its balance sheet by redeeming some of the convertible bonds in shares. Consequently  net debt at December 31  2021 was €4.4 million  compared with €39.2 million in 2020.At December 31  2021  Groupe Berkem held a net cash position of €15.4 million.2022 FIRST-QUARTER REVENUEGroupe Berkem's 2022 first-quarter revenue totaled €13.8 million  up 14% from the €12.1 million recorded in the first quarter of 2021.The plant extraction division contributed 32.6% of this revenue  or €4.5 million  up 35.5% from €3.3 million in the first quarter of 2021. The formulation division generated 67.4% of revenue. Its contribution totaled €9.3 million  up 6.3% versus €8.8 million in the same period of the previous year.UPDATE ON BUSINESS TRENDSManagementIn January 2022  Groupe Berkem appointed Éric Moussu as Chief Commercial Officer to strengthen its management team. The solid expertise he has gained over his 30-year career in the chemicals sector will be a major asset for achieving the Group's future ambitions.Business trendsTensions on raw materials did not have a significant impact on the 2021 financial year. In the first quarter of 2022  there was no impact on revenues but on the margin level of certain activities in the formulation division. Groupe Berkem has implemented the necessary measures to offset these increases.In March 2022  Groupe Berkem launched a range of 100% bio-based resins for the construction paints market. The new offering was designed using bio-based  renewable raw materials  capable of replacing petrochemical-based raw materials. One of the game-changing  innovative features of this resin is that it uses a 100% bio-based solvent. This groundbreaking innovation delivers the same performance as a conventional product: hardness over time  good drying performance  toughness  and resistance to aging  etc.International and Regulatory AffairsGroupe Berkem generated 28% of its revenue in export markets during 2021 (versus 28.5% of its revenue in 2020). At March 31  2022  it held 118 marketing approvals  with a further 71 applications under review.OUTLOOKAmbitious financial targets for 2024 reiteratedThe Group is reiterating its 2024 target revenue of at least €65 million  which may be increased to at least €85 million should it make acquisitions. By the same target date  the Group's target is to raise the EBITDA margin to around 25%.Publication of the 2021 annual reportThe 2021 annual report will be available on the Company's website and filed with the AMF on April 29  2022.Next financial report:First-half 2022 revenue: July 21  2022 (after the market close)ABOUT GROUPE BERKEMFounded in 1993 by Olivier Fahy  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Groupe Berkem is a leading force in the bio-based chemicals market. Its mission is to advance the environmental transition of companies producing the chemicals used in everyday lives (cosmetics  food and beverages  construction  public hygiene  etc.). By harnessing its expertise in both plant extraction and innovative formulations  Groupe Berkem has developed bio-based boosters-unique high-quality bio-based solutions augmenting the performance of synthetic molecules. Groupe Berkem achieved a revenue of €46 million and an EBITDA margin close to 20% in 2021. The Group has almost 170 employees working at its head office (Blanquefort  Gironde) and three production facilities in Gardonne (Dordogne)  La Teste-de-Buch (Gironde)  and Chartres (Eure-et-Loir).Groupe Berkem has been listed on Euronext Growth Paris since December 2021 (ISIN: FR00140069V2 ALKEM)www.groupeberkem.comAPPENDIXConsolidated balance sheet3In thousands of eurosDec. 31  2021 Gross Depr.  amort. prov. Net Intangible assets 56 920 1 895 55 026 o/w goodwill 29 693 29 693 Property  plant and equipment 35 487 22 015 13 472 Financial assets 226 226 Investments in associates Total non-current assets 92 632 - 23 910 68 723 Inventories and work in progress 7 505 251 7 254 Trade and other receivables 3 331 345 2 986 Other receivables and accruals 8 406 8 406 Marketable securities 70 1 69 Cash and equivalents 15 533 15 533 Total assets 127 477 - 24 506 102 971 Share capital 39 791 Share premiums 29 801 Reserves 1 883 Currency translation differences Income for the year 141 Total equity 71 617 Non-controlling interest Provisions 1 334 Borrowings and financial liabilities 19 997 Trade and other payables 5 951 Other liabilities and accruals 4 073 Total equity and liabilities 102 971Cash flow statementIn thousands of euros2021.12 Total net income from consolidated companies 158 Depreciation  amortization and provisions 4 226 Change in deferred tax -11 Capital gains/(losses) on disposals 164 Cash flow from operations 4 209 Change in inventories -1 056 Change in trade receivables 3 488 Change in financial and other current liabilities -1 905 Change in working capital requirement 527 Net cash generated by operating activities 4 735 Purchases of non-current assets -3 213 Disposals of non-current assets 168 Impact of changes in the scope of consolidation: -1 461 Net cash generated/(used by) investing activities -4 506 Capital increases/(reductions) 39 353 New borrowings 225 Repayments of borrowings -24 413 Net cash generated by financing activities 15 165 Change in cash 15 395 Cash at beginning of year 0 Cash at end of year 15 3951 Organic growth only  no changes in the reporting entity during the year2 Earnings Before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA) reflects the sources of funds generated by the Group's operations  including other operating revenue and other operating expense  but excluding depreciation  amortization and the impact of the Group's financing policy.3 The audited consolidated balance sheet as of December 31  2021 includes the consolidated results for the period from March 8  2021 to December 31  2021View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220419005836/en/Contacts:Groupe BerkemOlivier Fahy  Chief Executive OfficerAnthony Labrugnas  Chief Financial OfficerTel.: +33 (0)5 64 31 06 60berkem@berkem.comNewCapInvestor RelationsMathilde Bohin Nicolas FossiezTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 94Berkem@newcap.euNewCapMedia RelationsNicolas MerigeauTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 94Berkem@newcap.eu",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,positive,0.88,0.09,0.02,True,English,"['Groupe Berkem', '2021 Full-Year Results', '2022 First-Quarter Revenue', 'Business Trends', 'Update', 'Outlook', 'unaudited pro forma 12-month income statement', 'parent company financial statements', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'same positive momentum', 'combined financial statements', 'current market environment', 'pest control market', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'consolidated financial statements', '2021 consolidated income statement', 'ambitious organic growth', 'plant extraction division', '107 Income tax expense', 'Euronext Growth market', 'Net financial expense', 'Net financial income', 'Consolidated net income', 'raw materials purchases', 'Other operating expense', 'Other operating income', 'recent business trends', '2021 income statement', '2020 income statement', 'Other income', 'paints market', 'financial targets', 'consolidated results', 'financial perspective', 'financial strength', 'consolidated companies', 'Non-recurring income', 'Operating subsidies', 'Strong growth', 'profitable growth', 'EBITDA margin', 'Regulatory News', 'leading player', 'bio-based chemicals', 'ISIN code', 'audit procedures', 'annual accounts', ""auditors' report"", 'Olivier Fahy', 'financial performance', 'natural products', '100% bio-based resins', 'conventional products', 'competitive cost', 'corporate purpose', 'healthy pace', 'Anthony Labrugnas', 'supply chain', 'balance sheet', '2021 FULL-YEAR RESULTS', 'Staff costs', 'External charges', 'controlling interest', 'strong increase', 'key factors', 'bio-based solutions', 'construction sector', 'R&D', 'regulatory affairs', 'marketing approval', 'Groupe Berkem', 'BERKEM DEVELOPPEMENT', 'recent months', 'recent years', 'game-changing year', 'solid year', 'Operating revenue', 'successful IPO', 'early December', 'growing demand', 'Lixol subsidiary', 'formulation division', 'first-quarter revenue', 'Capitalized production', 'BERKEM GROUP', '2021 revenue', '985 Production', 'Paris', 'ALKEM', 'Ticker', 'Board', 'Directors', 'April', 'update', 'outlook', 'Chairman', 'effectiveness', 'strategy', 'industries', 'line', 'commitments', 'ability', 'pressure', 'investments', 'thousands', 'euros', 'Sales', 'goods', 'services', 'Inventory', '50 Reversal', 'impairment', 'provisions', 'Change', 'inventories', '430 Taxes', 'Depreciation', 'amortization', 'loss', 'goodwill', 'owners', 'Notes', 'period', 'March', 'takeover', 'sum', 'ADKALIS', 'EUROLYO', 'rise', 'acceleration', 'recruitments', 'drive', 'order', 'level', 'innovation', 'applications', 'EBITDA2', '2024']",2022-04-05,2022-04-19,finanznachrichten.de
3177,EuroNext,Bing API,https://us.acrofan.com/detail.php?number=649223,ADOCIA Announces Its Annual Results for 2021 and Presents an Update on Activities,Adocia (Euronext Paris: FR0011184241 – ADOC) (Paris:ADOC)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of innovative therapeutic solutions for the treatment of diabetes and other metabolic diseases  announced today ...,"A cash position of 15.2 million euros on December 31  2021  strengthened to 28 million euros on March 28  2022Major technical advances in 2021:- The approval to enter Phase 3 in China for BioChaperone® (BC) Lispro  granted by the Chinese regulatory authorities (CDE) to our partner Tonghua Dongbao- The start of two clinical studies on M1Pram and BC LisPram- 3 patents on two new platforms: an immunoprotective hydrogel matrix for cell therapy (AdoShell®) and an oral peptide delivery technology (AdOral®)Promising perspectives for 2022:- Start of BC Lispro Phase 3 in China- Completion of clinical studies to support BC Combo's Phase 3 dossier in China- Publication of M1Pram (Phase 2) and BC LisPram (Phase 1) clinical studies results- Phase 1 studies preparation on our new projectsLYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Adocia (Euronext Paris: FR0011184241 – ADOC) (Paris:ADOC)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of innovative therapeutic solutions for the treatment of diabetes and other metabolic diseases  announced today its full year 2021 financial results as of December 31  2021. The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors set on April 14  2022 and will be submitted for shareholder approval at the next General Shareholders’ Meeting on June 28  2022.""We are very pleased with the advancement of our two projects  BC Lispro and BC Combo  in Asia by our partner Tonghua Dongbao with the enhanced prospect of receiving up to $85 million in milestone payments over the coming years""  said Gérard Soula  Chairman and CEO of Adocia. ""The preclinical results obtained in cell therapy and oral delivery of peptides provide us with new partnership opportunities in addition to those underway for BC Lispro  BC Combo and multi-hormonal combinations.”Financial highlightsThe following table summarizes the financial statements under IFRS for the years ended December 31  2021 and December 31  2020:In (€) thousands  Consolidated financial statements  IAS/IFRS FY2021(12 months) FY 2020(12 months) Revenue 1 444 841 Grants  Research tax credit  others 4 611 5 992 Operating revenue 6 055 6833 Research and development expenses (20 016) (22 547) General and administrative expenses (5 404) (5 434) Operating expenses (25 421) (27 981) OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) (19 366) (21 148) FINANCIAL INCOME (LOSS) (3 388) (2 147) Tax - (29) NET INCOME (LOSS) (22 754) (23 324)Company's results for the year 2021 are characterized:Net loss of € 22.8 million in 2021  compared to a loss of €23.3 million in 2020  mainly consisted of:- Revenue of €1.4 million in 2021 (compared to €0.8 million in 2020) coming essentially from the two-licensing contract signed with Tonghua Dongbao. In 2021  additional services have been performed by Adocia for a total amount of €1 million income at the request of our Chinese partner for the preparation of 3 clinical trials conducted in Europe on BC Combo;- Other operating income of €4.6 million  resulting mainly from the research tax credit (CIR) generated on 2021 expenses;- Total operating expenses of €25.4 million  a €2.5 million decrease compared to last year;- Financial loss of €3.4 million reflecting the financial interests paid on the €15 million IPF partner loan contracted in 2019. The increase of €1.1 million 2021 is mainly explained by the IFRS impact (non-cash) of the revaluation at fair value through income of the convertible bond contracted in October 2021.A cash position of €15.2 million as of December 31  2021 (compared to €28.1 million as of December 31  2020).The cash consumption over the full year 2021 was €19.9 million  in a decrease compared to 2020 (which was €22.5 million)  on a comparable basis (excluding financing operations).Net financial debts (excluding the impact of derivative instruments) amounted to €33.3 million the end of December 2021  compared to €27.3 million twelve months earlier. The increase of €6 million is mainly due to the convertible bond financing completed in October 2021  which resulted in a net cash in-flow of €6 million. A portion of the bonds was converted at the end of December  the balance being recorded as debt under IFRS 9 and IAS 32.In addition  in March 2022 the company has sold its headquarter offices for a net amount of €19 million. Taking this into account and the consumption of cash during the first quarter of 2022  the company's cash position amounted to €28 million on March 28  2022  the day of the sale signature.""We are pleased to have been able to complete the sale of our building  which has significantly strengthened our cash position without dilution for our shareholders and no impact on operations. Our cash position at the end of March provides us with sufficient financial resources to execute the announced news flow "" said Valérie Danaguezian  Chief Financial Officer of Adocia.Key events in 20212021 was marked by major advances in our insulin portfolio and by the achievement of important proofs of concept on new technological platforms in cell therapy and oral delivery of peptides. In addition  the financial operation carried out in the last quarter strengthened the financial resources available to support the Company's growth.Significant progress made on mature projects in our pipeline:BioChaperone® Lispro: approved to enter Phase 3 in ChinaIn October 2021  Tonghua Dongbao received approval from the CDE (Center for Drug Evaluation) to start the Phase 3 program of BC Lispro ultra-rapid insulin for the treatment of type 1 and type 2 diabetes in China. The operational start of Phase 3 in China should trigger a milestone payment to Adocia  expected in the second quarter of 2022. In parallel  the preparatory work for the Phase 3 studies in the United States and Europe has successfully been completed. Our commercial activities are aimed at finding a partner capable of financing the pivotal program until marketing authorization is obtained in these regions.M1Pram and BioChaperone® LisPram: intensified clinical development effortsAdocia has intensified the clinical development of its two product candidates  M1Pram and BC LisPram  positioned respectively for the auto-injector pen and pump markets. These fixed combinations of insulin and amylin analogs are expected to provide improved medical benefits through weight loss in obese or overweight people with diabetes  as compared to rapid insulins administered alone. Rapid insulins are essential to the survival of many patients. They generate more than $9 billion in revenue each year. In the United States  65% of type 1 diabetic patients and 85% of type 2 diabetic patients are overweight or obese1 2.A Phase 2 study (CT041) was initiated in March 2021 with M1Pram in an auto-injector pen. This comes after the establishment of proof of concept in humans in a study from 2020 that demonstrated improved glycemic control and very significant weight loss  as compared to the reference rapid insulin aspart  in only 3 weeks of treatment. The CT041 study  which aims to confirm these results over a 4-month period in people with type 1 diabetes  has been designed to define all the parameters of a future Phase 3 program. The results will be communicated in the second quarter of 2022.Concurrently  a proof-of-concept study in humans has been initiated with BC LisPram. This combination has been specifically designed for automated pump administration using an algorithm. This study is being conducted in collaboration with Dr. Ahmad Haidar of McGill University (Canada) and results are expected in Q3 2022.New proprietary technology platforms in new growth marketsRevolutionizing islet transplantation (AdoShell® technology)In January 2021  Adocia announced the filing of patents on a hydrogel matrix designed to improve islet transplantation cell therapy treatments. The function of this matrix is to maintain transplanted cells’ secretory activity  while protecting them from the immune system. Adocia's objective is to create an organoid capable of secreting insulin in response to glycemic variations  thus avoiding the use of immunosuppressive drugs. An academic collaboration has been established with several teams  including Inserm with Professor François Pattou  a world specialist in islet transplantation. Animal trials are underway  prior to human implantation trials.Combining hormones to treat obesityIn 2021  Adocia also initiated new projects in the field of obesity. Patient management is undergoing major changes  due  on the one hand  to gradual recognition of obesity as a pandemic requiring drug treatment  and  on the other hand  to the discovery of the efficacy of certain hormones - which are also involved in diabetes - in controlling weight. These treatments make it possible to avoid recourse to bariatric surgery. These products are intended to be administered in pump so that the patient can set up  with the support of a doctor  a personalized treatment adapted to lifestyle. Patents have been filed by Adocia on these pump-administered hormone combinations. The objective is to prepare a proof-of-concept study in humans by 2022/2023. These hormonal combinations could also be developed in other medical indications such as NASH (Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis) and type 2 diabetes.Delivering peptides in oral form that were previously administered by injection (AdOral® technology)Adocia has developed a technology that can enable oral delivery of peptides by limiting their natural degradation in the digestive tract before reaching the bloodstream. Initial results obtained in preclinical studies have shown an increase in the absorption efficiency of peptides by the gastrointestinal tract  which would allow for a switch from injectable to oral forms.This new technological platform opens up numerous applications for oral forms of therapeutic peptides used in metabolic disorders.""Promising results obtained on our two platforms  AdoShell® for cell therapy and AdOral® for the delivery of oral peptides  position us well amongst competition on these subjects which represent major therapeutic challenges""  commented Olivier Soula  Adocia's Deputy CEO and Director of R&D.The company's cash position was strengthened in October 2021 by a financing operation and in March 2022 by a real estate transaction:The financing operation achieved in October was for €7 millionIn October 2021  the Company carried out a financing transaction through (i) the issue of 6 568 422 bonds convertible into shares with a par value of one euro each for a total amount of €6 million net subscribed by Vester Finance and two other European investors and (ii) a capital increase of €1 million  the subscription of which was reserved for the benefit of Gérard Soula  the Company's Chairman and CEO and a shareholder  by way of the issue of new ordinary shares.Governance reinforcementIn June 2021  Adocia strengthened its Board of Directors with the appointment of three new independent members: Dr. Claudia Mitchell  Senior Vice President in charge of Portfolio Strategy at Astellas Pharma; Dr. Katherine Bowdish  President and CEO of PIC Therapeutics; and Stéphane Boissel  CEO of SparingVision.Post-period eventsIn March 2022  the Company completed a sale and leaseback transaction resulting in the sale of its building  acquired in 2016  and the signature of a 12-year renewable lease. This transaction resulted in a net cash inflow of €19 million. As of March 28  2022  the Company's cash position thus amounted to €28 million.In April 2022  the Company announced the start of the BC Combo clinical program in Europe following the approval of the Chinese and German health authorities. BC Combo has been licensed to Tonghua Dongbao  which has given the conduct of these clinical studies to Adocia due to its expertise and the experience in clinical studies management. These studies  financed by Tonghua Dongbao  aim at qualifying the formulation necessary for the Phase 3 dossier.Outlook for 2022With the enrollment of the first patients in Phase 3 of BC Lispro in China  Adocia will be eligible for a milestone payment under the agreement with Tonghua Dongbao (agreement providing up to $35 million in development milestone payments until the product registration). The commercialization of BC Lispro in China and other Asian countries (excluding Japan) will result in the payment of royalties on sales.Phase 2 clinical data for M1Pram  a rapid-acting insulin for auto-injector pen for type 1 diabetes patients  will be reported in the second quarter of 2022.Phase 1 clinical results for BC LisPram  for automated pump administration  are expected in the third quarter of 2022.Pre-clinical results for multi-hormone obesity therapies (PramExe and BC GluExe)  the hydrogel matrix for cell therapy and the oral delivery technology are expected to enable first-in-man studies in 2022-2023.About AdociaAdocia is a biotechnology company specializing in the discovery and development of therapeutic solutions in the field of metabolic diseases  primarily diabetes and obesity. The company has a broad portfolio of drug candidates based on three proprietary technology platforms:1) The BioChaperone® technology for the development of new generation insulins and products combining insulins with other classes of hormones; 2) AdOral®  an oral peptide delivery technology; 3) AdoShell®  an immunoprotective biomaterial for cell transplantation with a first application in pancreatic cells transplantation for patients with ""brittle"" diabetes.Adocia holds more than 25 patent families and was ranked 4th and 7th in the French National Institute of Industrial Property (INPI) ranking of SMEs on the number of patents filed  in 2019 and 2020 respectively.Based in Lyon  the company has approximately 115 employees. Adocia is listed on the EuronextTM Paris market (Euronext: ADOC; ISIN: FR0011184241).DisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Adocia and its business. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Adocia considers as being reasonable. However  there can be no guarantee that the estimates contained in such forward-looking statements will be achieved  as such estimates are subject to numerous risks including those which are set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the universal registration document that was filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers on April 20  2021 (a copy of which is available at www.adocia.com)  in particular uncertainties that are linked to research and development  future clinical data  analyses  and the evolution of the economic context  the financial markets and the markets in which Adocia operates.The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Adocia or not considered as material by Adocia as of this day. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause that actual results  financial conditions  performances  or achievements of Adocia be materially different from those mentioned in the forward-looking statements.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy Adocia’s shares in any jurisdiction.1 Conway et al  Diabetes Med 2010 April; 27(4):398-404. BMI>25  Data for 2004-2007 period2 Epidemiology of Obesity and Diabetes and Their Cardiovascular ComplicationsAdociaGérard SoulaCEOcontactinvestisseurs@adocia.comTel : +33 4 72 610 610www.adocia.comUlysse CommunicationAdocia Press and Investors RelationsPierre-Louis Germainplgermain@ulysse-communication.com / + 33 (0)6 64 79 97 51Margaux Puech Pays d’Alissacmpuech@ulysse-communication.com / +33 (0)7 86 16 01 09Bruno Arabianbarabian@ulysse-communication.com / +33 (0)6 87 88 47 26Copyright © acrofan/Business Wire All Right Reserved",neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,mixed,0.48,0.12,0.39,True,English,"['Annual Results', 'ADOCIA', 'Update', 'Activities', '2021', 'oral peptide delivery technology', 'next General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'full year 2021 financial results', 'immunoprotective hydrogel matrix', 'innovative therapeutic solutions', 'other metabolic diseases', 'Gérard Soula', 'Valérie Danaguezian', 'new partnership opportunities', 'new technological platforms', 'sufficient financial resources', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'two new platforms', 'Major technical advances', 'Chinese regulatory authorities', 'two clinical studies', 'Consolidated financial statements', 'clinical studies results', 'Net financial debts', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'convertible bond financing', 'Other operating income', 'Research tax credit', 'Total operating expenses', '€15 million IPF partner', 'Phase 1 studies preparation', 'BC Lispro Phase', 'oral delivery', 'major advances', 'new projects', 'two projects', 'Financial highlights', 'FINANCIAL INCOME', 'financial interests', 'Regulatory News', 'preclinical results', 'total amount', '3 clinical trials', 'BC) Lispro', 'Chinese partner', 'last year', 'NET INCOME', 'net amount', 'BC LisPram', 'BC Combo', '28 million euros', 'Tonghua Dongbao', 'cell therapy', 'Promising perspectives', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'enhanced prospect', 'milestone payments', 'multi-hormonal combinations', 'following table', 'administrative expenses', 'two-licensing contract', 'additional services', '€1 million income', 'fair value', 'comparable basis', 'financing operations', 'derivative instruments', 'headquarter offices', 'first quarter', 'Key events', 'insulin portfolio', 'important proofs', 'Financial loss', 'net cash', 'Phase 3 dossier', 'Operating revenue', 'cash position', 'Net loss', 'Euronext Paris', 'shareholder approval', 'coming years', 'development expenses', '€2.5 million decrease', 'sale signature', 'news flow', 'cash consumption', 'IFRS impact', '15.2 million', '2021 expenses', 'December', 'March', 'China', 'BioChaperone®', 'CDE', 'start', 'M1Pram', '3 patents', 'AdoShell', 'AdOral®', 'Completion', 'Publication', 'LYON', 'France', 'Adocia', 'treatment', 'diabetes', 'Board', 'Directors', 'April', 'June', 'advancement', 'Asia', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'peptides', 'thousands', 'IAS/IFRS', 'FY 2020', 'Grants', 'others', 'request', 'Europe', 'CIR', 'increase', 'revaluation', 'October', 'end', 'portion', 'bonds', 'balance', 'account', 'day', 'building', 'dilution', 'achievement', 'concept', '2022']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,us.acrofan.com
3178,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Jeronimo Folgueira CEO of  #Deezer just announced that the French Unicorn will be going public on Euronext Paris.… https://t.co/nt0bOgWMaC,nan,Jeronimo Folgueira CEO of  #Deezer just announced that the French Unicorn will be going public on Euronext Paris.… https://t.co/nt0bOgWMaC,neutral,0.06,0.9,0.05,neutral,0.06,0.9,0.05,True,English,"['Jeronimo Folgueira CEO', 'French Unicorn', 'Euronext Paris', 'nt0bOgWMaC', 'Jeronimo Folgueira CEO', 'French Unicorn', 'Euronext Paris', 'nt0bOgWMaC']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,Unknown
3179,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@CanodromBCN all of the stock We have brought likes NYSE:AAPL/LSE:MSFT/OMX:AMZN/Euronext:GOOG/SIX:FB/ also the BABA(la chine) and,nan,@CanodromBCN all of the stock We have brought likes NYSE:AAPL/LSE:MSFT/OMX:AMZN/Euronext:GOOG/SIX:FB/ also the BABA(la chine) and,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['NYSE:AAPL/LSE', 'stock', 'MSFT/OMX', 'AMZN/Euronext', 'GOOG/SIX', 'FB', 'BABA', 'chine', 'NYSE:AAPL/LSE', 'stock', 'MSFT/OMX', 'AMZN/Euronext', 'GOOG/SIX', 'FB', 'BABA', 'chine']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,Unknown
3180,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Unilever PLC - Euronext My trading improved the day I started tracking global stocks for learning purposes becaus… https://t.co/0IaOM9Bm8p,nan,Unilever PLC - Euronext My trading improved the day I started tracking global stocks for learning purposes becaus… https://t.co/0IaOM9Bm8p,positive,0.94,0.05,0.02,positive,0.94,0.05,0.02,True,English,"['Unilever PLC', 'global stocks', 'purposes becaus', 'Euronext', 'trading', 'learning', '0IaOM9Bm8p', 'Unilever PLC', 'global stocks', 'purposes becaus', 'Euronext', 'trading', 'learning', '0IaOM9Bm8p']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,Unknown
3181,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,👀🎼| ⁦@Deezer⁩ to be listed on Euronext! Great news for the #FrenchTech  the #FenchTouch and all music lovers (Deeze… https://t.co/hV9EwiYuoi,nan,👀🎼| ⁦@Deezer⁩ to be listed on Euronext! Great news for the #FrenchTech  the #FenchTouch and all music lovers (Deeze… https://t.co/hV9EwiYuoi,positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Great news', 'music lovers', 'Deezer', 'Euronext', 'hV9EwiYuoi', 'Great news', 'music lovers', 'Deezer', 'Euronext', 'hV9EwiYuoi']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,Unknown
3182,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Corporate Services expands its webcast studio network to London https://t.co/PeTm4ABgcv #ifscnews @euronext_ie,nan,Euronext Corporate Services expands its webcast studio network to London https://t.co/PeTm4ABgcv #ifscnews @euronext_ie,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Corporate Services', 'webcast studio network', 'London', 'PeTm4ABgcv', 'ifscnews', 'Euronext Corporate Services', 'webcast studio network', 'London', 'PeTm4ABgcv', 'ifscnews']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,Unknown
3183,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext can cobble together asset management in Luxembourg  alternative investments in Ireland  traditional stock… https://t.co/DMYwlBuata,nan,Euronext can cobble together asset management in Luxembourg  alternative investments in Ireland  traditional stock… https://t.co/DMYwlBuata,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['asset management', 'alternative investments', 'traditional stock', 'Euronext', 'Luxembourg', 'Ireland', 'DMYwlBuata', 'asset management', 'alternative investments', 'traditional stock', 'Euronext', 'Luxembourg', 'Ireland', 'DMYwlBuata']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,Unknown
3184,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,ICT helps @Euronext do this. And would allow future links with Frankfurt  especially  @EurexGroup,nan,ICT helps @Euronext do this. And would allow future links with Frankfurt  especially  @EurexGroup,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['future links', 'ICT', 'Frankfurt', 'EurexGroup', 'future links', 'ICT', 'Frankfurt', 'EurexGroup']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,Unknown
3185,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Zayo has developed &amp; is currently deploying the #LowestLatency optical route between @euronext Exchange at IT3 in B… https://t.co/7zrt6tGISg,nan,Zayo has developed &amp; is currently deploying the #LowestLatency optical route between @euronext Exchange at IT3 in B… https://t.co/7zrt6tGISg,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Zayo', 'IT3', 'zrt6tGISg', 'Zayo', 'IT3', 'zrt6tGISg']",2022-04-19,2022-04-19,Unknown
