UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
36182,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.ft.com/content/01a4da27-109e-4db9-bd0e-160ec55a5cd0,Euroclear warns against G7 plan to backstop Ukraine debt with Russian assets,Simply sign up to the War in Ukraine myFT Digest -- delivered directly to your inbox. Euroclear has warned that a G7 plan to use Russia’s frozen assets as a backstop to issue debt for Ukraine would pose financial stability risks to Europe. In an ...,Simply sign up to the War in Ukraine myFT Digest -- delivered directly to your inbox. Euroclear has warned that a G7 plan to use Russia’s frozen assets as a backstop to issue debt for Ukraine would pose financial stability risks to Europe. In an ...,negative,0.05,0.36,0.59,negative,0.01,0.1,0.88,True,English,"['G7 plan', 'Ukraine debt', 'Russian assets', 'Euroclear', 'financial stability risks', 'Ukraine myFT Digest', 'G7 plan', 'War', 'inbox', 'Euroclear', 'Russia', 'assets', 'backstop', 'debt', 'Europe']",2024-02-18,2024-02-18,ft.com
36353,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/business/592581-russian-assets-financial-system-warning/,West could upend global financial system – Russian central bank,The dollar and euro could lose their credibility and status of reserve currencies if Russian assets are seized  Elvira Nabiullina warns Read Full Article at RT.com,The seizure of the country’s reserves would jeopardize the “immunity” of national assets worldwide  Elvira Nabiullina warnsThe global financial system would be disrupted if Brussels and Washington go through with threats to use Russian sovereign assets to help Ukraine  the head of the Bank of Russia  Elvira Nabiullina  warned on Friday.Nabiullina noted that the principle of protecting the reserves of national central banks is a fixture in international law.“This immunity ensures the stability of the international financial system. Deviation from this principle  in our opinion  would lead to upending  albeit gradually  the system of international finance and the position of reserve currencies in the world ” she said at a press briefing  referring to the dollar and the euro.The official also noted that countries with which Russia maintains financial and trade relations “are showing growing interest in diversifying assets ” which  according to Nabiullina  is “an absolutely natural reaction to risks such as confiscation of reserve assets.”The US and EU have frozen around half of the assets belonging to the Russian central bank  an estimated $300 billion  since the beginning of the Ukraine conflict in 2022. Western states have since been mulling ways to confiscate these assets in order to fund aid packages for Kiev. Roughly two-thirds of the funds are being held by the Belgium-based clearing house Euroclear  which last year accumulated nearly €4.4 billion in interest on the funds. Brussels is currently working on ways to seize the interest income  while Washington continues to push for confiscation of the assets.Moscow has condemned the freezing of its assets and warned of tit-for-tat measures if the West moves to seize them.Earlier this week  the head of Euroclear  Lieve Mostrey  also warned that tapping the funds or any income made from them would jeopardize the credibility of the clearing house.“When we come to a logic of seizing of assets... then you see the trust in the Euroclear system  the trust in the European capital markets  the trust in euro as a currency substantially affected ” she said in an interview with the Financial Times.For more stories on economy & finance visit RT's business section,neutral,0.12,0.84,0.04,negative,0.02,0.28,0.7,True,English,"['global financial system', 'Russian central bank', 'West', 'European capital markets', 'national central banks', 'Russian central bank', 'Belgium-based clearing house', 'global financial system', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'international financial system', 'international law', 'Financial Times', 'reserve currencies', 'press briefing', 'trade relations', 'natural reaction', 'The US', 'Western states', 'aid packages', 'tat measures', 'Lieve Mostrey', 'business section', 'national assets', 'international finance', 'growing interest', 'Euroclear system', 'Elvira Nabiullina', 'Ukraine conflict', 'reserve assets', 'interest income', 'seizure', 'country', 'reserves', 'immunity', 'Brussels', 'Washington', 'threats', 'head', 'Friday', 'principle', 'fixture', 'stability', 'Deviation', 'opinion', 'position', 'world', 'dollar', 'official', 'countries', 'risks', 'confiscation', 'half', 'beginning', 'ways', 'order', 'Kiev', 'two-thirds', 'funds', 'Moscow', 'freezing', 'tit', 'credibility', 'logic', 'trust', 'currency', 'interview', 'stories', 'economy', 'RT']",2024-02-17,2024-02-18,rt.com
36354,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/592596-us-russian-assets-estonia/,US transfers seized Russian assets to Estonia,Washington has handed over seized Russian assets to Estonia  allowing it to dodge its own laws against sending the money to Ukraine Read Full Article at RT.com,The move allowed America to dodge its own laws against sending money to UkraineThe US Justice Department has handed almost $500 000 in forfeited Russian funds to Estonia  from where the money will be used to help repair Ukraine’s power grid. The transfer was the first of its kind  and effectively used Estonia as a middleman to skirt US laws forbidding a direct donation to Ukraine.The money was used by a Latvian machining and welding company to purchase a jig grinder from a Connecticut-based firm in 2018  before a group of Latvian and Ukrainian smugglers attempted to move it into Russia  in violation of US export restrictions  the Justice Department said in a statement on Saturday.The device – which can be exported to the EU but not elsewhere due to its “applications in nuclear proliferation and defense programs ” was intercepted by the US and Latvian authorities before it reached Russia  the department stated. A Latvian man was arrested in 2022 and extradited to Connecticut  where he pleaded guilty to violating export controls last week.In a joint briefing at the Munich Security Conference on Saturday  US Deputy Attorney General Lisa Monaco and Estonian Secretary General Tonis Saar announced that the $484 696 used to purchase the machine had been transferred to the Estonian government. Estonia will use the money to finance a drone-based program to assess damage to the Ukrainian power grid  they said.“This transfer is the first of its kind from the United States to a foreign ally for the express purpose of assisting Ukraine ” the Justice Department’s statement said. “The confiscated funds are being transferred to Estonia since under current authorities  the facts of this case do not allow for a direct transfer to Ukraine.”The US has previously used $5.4 million in forfeited funds to finance a State Department program to support Ukrainian military veterans  but until now has not sent any confiscated Russian cash abroad.The transfer of frozen funds is separate to the use of Russian central bank assets to finance Ukraine’s war efforts. Roughly $300 billion worth of the Bank of Russia’s foreign currency reserves have been frozen in the West since 2022  and officials in Washington and Brussels have pledged to seize this cash and give it to Kiev. However  no legal mechanisms to do so currently exist.Lieve Mostrey  the CEO of the Brussels-based clearinghouse Euroclear  warned this week that seizing these assets would undermine trust in Western markets  while the Russian Foreign Ministry warned that any confiscation would amount to “theft ” and would trigger an “extremely harsh” response from Moscow.,neutral,0.04,0.68,0.28,negative,0.02,0.3,0.68,True,English,"['US transfers', 'Russian assets', 'Estonia', 'US Deputy Attorney General Lisa Monaco', 'Estonian Secretary General Tonis Saar', 'Russian central bank assets', 'The US Justice Department', 'Munich Security Conference', 'Ukrainian military veterans', 'foreign currency reserves', 'US export restrictions', 'Russian Foreign Ministry', 'A Latvian man', 'State Department program', 'Ukrainian power grid', 'Estonian government', 'Ukrainian smugglers', 'foreign ally', 'US laws', 'export controls', 'drone-based program', 'Russian funds', 'Russian cash', 'direct donation', 'Latvian machining', 'welding company', 'jig grinder', 'Connecticut-based firm', 'nuclear proliferation', 'defense programs', 'Latvian authorities', 'joint briefing', 'United States', 'express purpose', 'current authorities', 'war efforts', 'legal mechanisms', 'Lieve Mostrey', 'Brussels-based clearinghouse', 'Western markets', 'harsh” response', 'frozen funds', 'direct transfer', 'move', 'America', 'money', 'Ukraine', 'kind', 'middleman', 'group', 'violation', 'statement', 'Saturday', 'device', 'EU', 'applications', 'machine', 'damage', 'facts', 'case', '300 billion', 'officials', 'Washington', 'Kiev', 'CEO', 'trust', 'confiscation', 'theft', 'Moscow']",2024-02-17,2024-02-18,rt.com
36355,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/earnings-call-euronext-reports-revenue-growth-close-to-4-93CH-3306808,Earnings call: Euronext reports revenue growth close to 4% By Investing.com,Earnings call: Euronext reports revenue growth close to 4%,Published Feb 16  2024 07:00PM ET© Reuters.ENX +2.11% Add to/Remove from WatchlistEuronext (ENX.PA)  the leading European stock exchange operator  has reported a strong performance in the fourth quarter of 2023  with significant revenue growth and a strategic expansion of its clearing services.The company's adjusted earnings per share (EPS) saw a notable increase of 27.9% in Q4  reflecting a successful year despite market challenges. Euronext's diversification strategy paid off  with non-volume-related revenue making up 60% of the total Q4 revenue  and the company maintained its leading position in European listings.Key TakeawaysQ4 revenue rose by 7.8% to €374.1 million  with full-year growth close to 4%.Adjusted EPS grew by 27.9% in Q4  indicating strong profitability.The company met its 2023 cost guidance and managed inflationary pressures effectively.Euronext expanded its clearing services to European equities and is on track to achieve €115 million in annual run rate synergies by the end of 2024.The launch of Dark  Mid-Point  and Sweep trading functionalities is confirmed for Q1 2024.Trading revenues across asset classes grew by over 7%  despite lower equity and derivatives volumes.Euronext plans to maintain a dividend payout policy of 50% of reported earnings for 2024.Company OutlookEuronext did not provide a specific revenue target for 2024 but expects growth through price increases and derivatives offerings.An Investor Day is scheduled for November 2024 to discuss future opportunities.The company aims to reach €150 million of run rate cumulative EBITDA synergies by the end of 2024.Bearish HighlightsEquity and derivatives volumes decreased.A stronger NOK could negatively impact revenue  although it may have a positive effect on EBITDA growth.Bullish HighlightsNon-volume-related revenue accounted for 60% of Q4 revenue  underscoring a successful diversification strategy.The balance sheet remains strong  with a solid net cash flow from operating activities of €194.5 million in Q4.Euronext maintained its leading position as the primary listing venue in Europe.MissesThe company fell short by €6 million to reach the targeted €41 million in cost savings.Q&A HighlightsEuronext is exploring AI use cases to enhance efficiency and has decided to sell its stake in Tokeny.Pricing adjustments are being carefully managed across products  aiming to pass on increases to clients when feasible.The company expects to offset inflation and invest in new initiatives through P&L synergies.Revenue contribution from cash clearing in Q4 was approximately €2 million  with an expected €20 million for the full year.MTS maintains a high market share in its core market  with plans to expand and internationalize the market.Euronext's fourth quarter results demonstrate the company's resilience and adaptability in a challenging market environment. With a clear focus on diversification  cost management  and strategic investments  Euronext is well-positioned to navigate future market conditions and pursue growth opportunities. The upcoming launch of new trading functionalities and the company's commitment to maintaining a stable dividend policy reflect confidence in its business model and long-term strategy.Full transcript - None (EUXTF) Q4 2023:Operator: Good day. And welcome to Euronext’s Full Year 2023 Results Call  hosted by Stéphane Boujnah  CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  joined by Giorgio Modica  CFO. Throughout today’s presentation  all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Later  we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This meeting is being recorded. At this time  I’d like to hand the call over to Stéphane Boujnah. Please go ahead  sir.Stéphane Boujnah: Good morning  everybody. Thank you for joining us this morning for the Euronext fourth quarter and full year 2023 results conference call and webcast. I am Stéphane Boujnah  CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  and I will start with the highlights of the fourth quarter 2023  followed by the full year 2023 performance. Giorgio Modica  the Euronext CFO  will then develop the main business and financial highlights of the fourth quarter of 2023. As an introduction  I would like to highlight four important points. First  Euronext is today stronger than ever. Thanks to our diversification efforts over the past few years. In 2023  we have delivered revenue growth close to 4% and even close to 8% in Q4. We have also significantly reinforced Euronext’s leadership position in Listing and Trading in Europe. Second  we met our 2023 cost guidance. Thanks to our cost discipline  thanks to synergies and some positive one-offs  we continue to deliver ahead of schedule and despite an inflationary environment that everyone knows  we continue to do better on cost. Third  we deliver a strong end of the year. With Q4 2023  adjusted EPS growing by plus 27.9% from last year. Fourth  we are now present on the entire Trading value chain  thanks to the expansion of Euronext’s Clearing to European equities. This clearing strategic milestone was critical -- was a critical contribution to the €74 million of cumulative run rate synergies delivered at the end of 2023. This achievement is above our interim objective of €70 million targeted for the end of 2023. It is also significantly more than the initial objective of run rate synergies of €60 million that was targeted at the end of 2024  as announced in October 2020 and in April 2021  when we closed the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group. So  we are perfectly on track to complete the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group and to achieve the target of €115 million of annual run rate synergies by the end of 2024. Lastly  in 2023  we continue our innovation path. Following the successful opening of the test environment at the end of January 2024  Euronext confirms today the launch of Dark  Mid-Point and Sweep functionalities in Q1 2024  hosted in Core Data Centre in Bergamo. Let me start with the Q4 performance on slide four. Euronext reported a strong fourth quarter of 2023  posting plus 7.8% for the new growth year-on-year to €374.1 million. The quarter was marked by strong dynamism of post-trade and non-volume-driven activities  together with record performance of fixed income and power trading. First  post-trade revenues grew significantly  driven by the first positive contribution of the Euronext Clearing expansion to cash instruments  and also by a solid growth in our CSD business  together with growth in related net treasury income. Second  our Trading revenue posted strong growth  supported by the record quarter for fixed income and power trading. This is the proof of the Group’s successful diversification. Despite the decreasing equity and derivatives volumes  our total Trading revenues across asset classes grew by more than 7%. Third  non-volume-related revenue posted a strong performance overall  notably in Listing  Advanced Data Services and Technology. And this translated into non-volume-related revenue accounting to 60% of the total Q4 revenue and covering 141% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A. We continued our disciplined approach to cost control that offset inflationary pressures and we recorded a positive one-off accruals release of €6.3 million. As a consequence  Q4 2023 underlying operational expenses  excluding D&A  slightly decreased to €157.8 million  down minus 0.9% compared to the cost base of Q4 2022. Overall  we reported a strong growth in adjusted EBITDA of plus 15.2% to €216.3 million and an adjusted EBITDA margin that increased by 3.7 points to 57.8%. This strong performance  combined with a positive interest rate environment for cash in the bank  led to a 27.9% increase in adjusted EPS at €1.42 per share and to an adjusted net income of €148.2 million. On a reported basis  EPS for this fourth quarter also benefited from a capital gain  an increase by plus 34.2% to €1.25. That brings me to our yearly 2023 performance on slide five. First  thanks to our diversified business model  we achieved a plus 3.9% increase in revenue and income to reach close to €1.5 billion. This performance was notably supported by our non-volume related activities that accounting for 60% of total revenue last year. I would like to highlight the strong performance of our fixed income Trading business and of our power trading business that both grew by plus 15% this year. Second  we obviously maintained our trademark cost discipline and reported better than expected costs at €610 million  less than 1% of the cost base of last year. This also compares to the revised guidance of €680 million at the initial -- at -- that compared to the initial cost guidance for 2023 provided a year ago  which was €630 million. This good performance in cost  despite inflationary pressures  resulted from strong cost control and also from positive effects impact and a one-off accruals release. Consequently  our 2023 adjusted EBITDA grew by €864.7 million and we delivered an adjusted EBITDA margin at 58.6%. Thanks to the positive interest rate environment or strong cash position enabled us to fully offset the cost of our debt compared to last year. As a result and supported by a €53 million capital gain  reported net income increased by 17.3% in 2023 to €513.6 million. Adjusted for non-underlying items  net income was up plus 5.3% to €584.7 million representing an adjusted EPS of €5.51. Consequently  a dividend of €2.48 per share will be proposed at our upcoming Annual General Meeting in May. The dividend represents a payout ratio of 50% of reported net income as set up in our dividend policy. That €0.26 more than the €0.22 dividend per share means an increase in the dividends of plus 12%. As a reminder  we finalized the announced €200 million share repurchase program in January 2024. Let me now share the key takeaways of our businesses in 2023. First  as I said  our non-volume related activities delivered strong growth in 2023 and accounting for -- and accounted for 60% of total revenue. Following the successful migration of our Core Data Centre in Bergamo in 2022  we continue to bear the fruit of this migration  notably with our colocation services. In 2023  we further scaled up our Technology Solution activity that grew close to 10% in 2023. Our Advanced Data Services business also reported strong performance with revenue up plus 6%. This results from good performance across the data products offering and also solid demand for data activity products. Our post-trade franchise delivered a robust year. First  our custody and settlement business grew plus 5.5%  like-for-like at constant currency. This was driven by growing assets under custody  improved revenue capture and continued expansion of the services business. On a reported basis  this activity was impacted by negative direct impact from the Norwegian kroner. Second  our clearing revenue were stable. Despite declining equity and derivatives  this results from two factors. First and foremost  our clearing flows are diversified. As a result  the strong fixed income clearing and commodities clearing activities partially offset the lower equity and financial derivatives clearing. Then  and what is to me probably the most important  we managed to capture additional business at Euronext Clearing following its expansion to all Euronext cash markets. Since 27 November  Euronext Clearing is the preferred CCP for six European cash markets. Last  net treasury income increased by plus 6% compared to 2022  underlying net treasury income  primarily reflecting higher collateral health. As you would have understood  we are now a European top-ranking post-trade infrastructure operator. Once again  we remain also the leading Listing venue in Europe for equity  attracting 64 new equity listings in 2023. We also continue to position as the leading listing venue for debt worldwide  now being the home of over 55 000 bonds. Our Corporate Services franchise continued to post double-digit growth  demonstrating the successful expansion of our software-as-a-service offering. Lastly  our Trading franchise was resilient  despite a lower volatility environment for equities. Indeed  while cash trading and derivatives trading volumes were down by over minus 10%  total Trading revenues only decreased by minus 4.7%. This is again the demonstration of a more diversified business model. In 2023  our fixed income trading business reported a record year with double-digit growth in all asset classes  resulting in revenue of plus 15.6%. In addition  our power trading business also posted a record year with a revenue of plus 14.5%  primarily supported by intraday power markets  where volumes doubled compared to 2022. As I said  2023 demonstrates a critical result of Euronext’s diversification. We delivered solid growth  even in an environment not favorable to equities. Clearly  2023 saw the continuation of the Euronext transformation and we made good progress in our integration process and synergy delivery. In 2023  we delivered on several strategic milestones that were absolutely critical for us to achieve our transformation in 2024. First  on the Trading side  we successfully completed for the first time since -- for the fourth time since our IPO in 2014 the migration of cash equity markets to a single technology trading platform  Optiq. The migration of Italian cash markets to Optiq did create benefits for trading members  with the material improvement of the Italian market quality. This milestone paved the way for the migration of Italian derivatives trading to Optiq in the coming weeks. Second  we made very good progress to further strengthen our post-trade business. In 2023  we took an important step towards the European expansion of Euronext Clearing  expanding its offering on schedule to the cash markets in France  Ireland  the Netherlands and Portugal. Euronext Clearing now clears equity  ETFs  structure products  warrants and bonds across six Euronext markets  including Italy. This migration materially contributed to the synergies delivered over 2023  but also paved the way for the migration of listed financial and commodities derivatives in Q3 2024. Such good progress on integration means we were able to reach €74 million of run rate cumulative EBITDA synergies at the end of 2023. This is above the €7 million target expected for the end of 2023 and already more and much more than the €60 million targeted for the end of 2024 initially announced in October 2020 and in April 2021  when we closed the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group. Looking forward  the migration of Borsa Italiana’s derivatives to Optiq and the expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext’s listed derivatives by Q3 2024 will complete our presence on the entire Trading value chain. It will position Euronext ideally to capture future growth opportunities across Europe. The completion of these two critical projects will materially contribute to reaching our revised objective of €150 million of run rate cumulative EBITDA synergies by the end of 2024. I now give the floor to Giorgio Modica for the review of our fourth quarter 2024.Giorgio Modica: Thank you  Stéphane  and good morning  everyone. Let us now have a look at the strong performance of these four quarters of 2023. I’m now on slide nine. As mentioned already  total revenue this quarter reached €374.1 million  up 7.8% compared to last year and 9.1% at constant currency. 60% of our revenue is non-volume related  highlighting the success of our diversification path. Those strong results were notably driven by the record performance in fixed income and power trading  the solid contribution of our non-volume related businesses  and the incremental equity clearing business captured by Euronext since the widening of its offering across the Euronext markets on 27 November  2023. In addition  Q4 2023 revenue and income reflects an increase in net treasury income year-on-year  as the NTI in the fourth quarter of last year was still impacted by the runoff of the investment portfolio at Euronext Clearing. I will now start the business review and I’m now on slide 10. Listing revenue was €56.2 million  up 6.9% like-for-like  and at constant currencies  reflecting the good quarter of the Listing and follow-on activities  and the continuing strong growth of our Corporate Service SaaS offering. Reported revenue was up 5% reflecting the negative impact of the NOK on the results of our Norwegian activities when reported in euros. Euronext demonstrated once again its leadership in equity listing in Europe with 64 total listings in 2023. On the debt side  we reinforced our global leadership in Listing with over 55 000 bonds listed on our markets and we also strengthened our leading position in ESG bond listing. Euronext Corporate Services  as mentioned  continue to deliver a solid performance with revenue growing to €12.3 million this quarter up 28.8% compared to the fourth quarter of 2022 resulting from the strong progression of our SaaS offering. I’m now on slide 11. Other non-volume related activity continue to grow this quarter. Advanced Data Services reached €56.1 million of revenue up 3% driven by the strong performance across the data product offering and the solid demand for analytic products. Technology Solution reported €27.6 million of revenue up 2.6%  thanks to the continued benefit from the internalization of our colocation services and the good performance of market connectivity services. Investor Services reported €3 million revenue in the fourth quarter of 2023  representing a 15.7% increase compared to the same quarter last year  thanks to the commercial expansion of our franchise across the largest global investment managers. Moving now to Trading on slide 12. As I mentioned earlier  Euronext solid Trading revenues at €124.5 million clearly benefits from the diversification of our Trading activities. Cash trading volumes were down 4.1% in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to the same quarter last year. However  due to Euronext’s strong management of cash trading fees and market share  revenue was only down 1.6%. Revenue capture averaged 0.53 basis point over the quarter above the floor indicated for 2023 post-migration of Borsa Italiana markets to Optiq and despite the average size of orders remains elevated. Cash equity market share averaged 65.2%  here again well above the floor of at least 63% set for 2023. Derivative trading revenue decreased by 4.4% to €12.8 million due to lower financial derivative volume with ADV down 8%  partially offset by the strong performance of the commodity derivatives with volumes up 27.2% versus last year. Average revenue capture on derivative trading reached €0.34 per lot. Lastly  an uptick in volatility drove FX trading volume up 18.8% this quarter. Like-for-like and at constant currencies FX trading revenue was up 4.8%. Revenue remained stable on a reported basis at €6.7 million this quarter as the growing volumes were offset by the depreciation of the U.S. dollar and an unfavorable volume mix with more disclosed activity. Continued with our trading activities on slide 13. Fixed income trading reported another record quarter. Revenue grew 38% to €30.6 million. In detail  MTS cash ADV reached €27.7 billion up close to 80% year-on-year. This reflects continued market volatility as well the contribution of MTS EU. The market launched in November 2023 contributed around €1 billion of daily trading volumes. MTS Repo term adjusted ADV was €469.1 billion up 18.2% compared to the quarter of 2022. Euronext fixed income retail franchise also continued to perform extremely well with volumes up 27.9% to €1.5 billion. Despite the FX headwind from the NOK depreciation power trading revenue grew to a new record of €10.4 million up 16.9% compared to the quarter of 2022. This performance reflects all-time high intraday volumes and solid day-ahead volumes. On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  revenue was up 30.8%. I would like now to conclude this business review with our post-trade activity and I’m now on slide 14. Q4 2023 Clearing revenue grew by 11.5% to €32.3 million. As mentioned earlier  we have expanded Euronext Clearing offering to Euronext Brussels on November 6  2023  and to Euronext cash markets in France  Ireland  the Netherlands and Portugal on 27 November  2023. This quarter  we have generated for the first time revenues for the clearing of cash instruments on those markets to our CCP. In addition  bond clearing activity continued to be dynamic. This more than offset lower revenue received from LCH SA for the clearing of our derivative products. Non-volume-related clearing revenue accounted for €9.2 million of the total clearing revenues in the fourth quarter of 2023. Net treasury income amounted to €11.7 million. It is close to 3 times the amount it was in the fourth quarter of 2022. That was  as I explained  negatively impacted by the runoff of the investment portfolio of Euronext Clearing. And it is in line with what I have communicated last quarter as a new level of NTI until the delivery migration of clearing is going to be delivered. As a reminder  following the introduction of the VaR-based margin methodology in October 2023  which creates efficiency for our clearing members  we expect around 12 million NTI per quarter should the collateral level remain stable for the first two quarters at the level similar to the one we had in the fourth quarter of 2023. From the completion of the expansion of Euronext Clearing in Q3 2024 onward  the NTI is expected to increase due to the addition of listed derivative flows. Lastly  revenue from commodity settlement and other post-trade activity was €62.3 million this quarter. This represents 8.9% increase compared to Q4 2022 at current cost and currencies. These results are underpinning by growing assets under custody  which last quarter were at about €6.7 trillion  higher settlement activity and a strong performance of the services offering. On a reported basis  revenue increased 4.6%  once again impacted by the weak NOK. I’m now on slide 16 on the cost guidance for next year. In 2023  we had a positive impact  as Stéphane highlighted  of €11.4 million from the NOK depreciation on our cost base. In addition  underlying expenses were positively impacted by a one-off accrual release of €6.3 million. In 2023  Euronext reported €610 million of underlying expenses  excluding D&A  compared to initial guidance of €630 million. For next year  for this year in 2024  Euronext will continue to be very disciplined on costs. We expect that savings and synergies will offset inflation and 2023 costs ramp up. As a result  Euronext expects its 2024 underlying expenses  excluding D&A  to be around €625 million  below the initial guidance for last year  including around €10 million to finance growth projects and excluding potential impact from effects over the year. I’m now on slide 17. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was up 15.2%  to €216.3 million  resulting from higher revenues and the positive impact of the one-off releases. This translated into an adjusted EBITDA margin of 57.8% in the fourth quarter of 2023. Non-underlying costs for the quarter were €15.5 million  primarily linked to the delivery of cost synergies in Q4 and to the ongoing work related to the clearing expansion and the last phase of the Borsar Italiana derivative markets migration to Optiq. Moving to net income on slide 18. Adjusted net income last quarter was strongly up 25.3% to €148.2 million  resulting notably from  as we discussed  high EBITDA  thanks to the strong performance of our businesses and well-contained cost base  higher net financing income resulting from higher interest income from our cash and cash equivalents. This is the second quarter we were earning more cash from our deposit than we paid as interest on our debt. Higher results from equity investment  reflecting the €11.4 million capital gain arising from the disposal of our stake in Tokeny and the dividend received from Sicovam. Lastly  income tax for the fourth quarter of 2023 was €40 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 22.6% for the quarter  positively impacted by tax-exempted gains  like the capital gain I just mentioned. As a result  reported net income increased 31.5% to €130.6 million and adjusted EPS base was up 27.9% at €1.42 per share. To conclude with cash loan generation and leverage  as you can see from the slide  our balance sheet position is very solid  as well our cash loan generation. In the fourth quarter of 2023  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €194.5 million  compared to a negative cash flow of €147.1 in the fourth quarter of 2022  reflecting the movement in working capital related to Nord Pool (NASDAQ: ) and Euronext’s Clearing CCP activities. Excluding the impact on working capital  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 87.4% of EBITDA in the fourth quarter of 2023. We continued to leverage this quarter despite the buyback that we just concluded. Net reported -- net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA was at 1.9 times at the end of the quarter and 2 times on a reported EBITDA basis. This concludes my presentation  and with this  I would like now to give the floor back to Stéphane.Stéphane Boujnah: Thank you very much  Giorgio. As you have seen and as you have heard  2023 was definitely a pivotal year for Euronext. First  our diversification journey is now paying off as we are hosting growth-driven by non-volume and diversified activities. Second  we maintain our consistent trademark cost discipline despite an inflationary environment. Third  we delivered several key projects of the Borsar Italiana Group integration  enabling us to complete the value chain and to be on track to achieve our 2024 targets and synergies. So  as we celebrate this year the 10th anniversary of our IPO that took place in June 2014  I am looking forward to deep diving to the opportunities that this transformation will offer for Euronext at our Investors Day that we will hold in November 2024 in Paris. Thank you for your attention. We are now ready to take your questions together with Giorgio Modica and Anthony Attia  the Global Head of our Derivatives and Post-Trade Operations; and also Nicolas Rivard  Global Head of Cash Equity and Data Services.Operator: Thank you  sir. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Enrico Bolzoni from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.Enrico Bolzoni: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So a couple on fixed income and the opportunity there. You had a strong number in Q4. Can you just provide some extra color in terms of how you think this line can evolve in the future? What are the key opportunities? And partially related to that  once you will have the clearing of derivatives in place  do you plan to step up also when it comes to launching new derivative products for fixed income or the focus is going to be primarily for equities? And related to that  my understanding is that at the moment there’s a lack of  for example  derivative products for the European bonds. So I was wondering whether you can comment on whether your combined capabilities  MTS and derivatives can potentially create some opportunity there. So this is my first question. And then the second question I wanted to ask is on capital distribution and the use of your capital that you’re delivering. I appreciate you’re going to have a Capital Market Day  but can you give us some color in terms of what are you thinking now in terms of increasing the payout or special buybacks or use of capital and a general comment on what do you see from an M&A standpoint  what do you see out there  if there are opportunities  would be helpful? Thank you.Stéphane Boujnah: Thank you. On the fixed income business  MTS had its best year ever in 2023  driven by all sorts of developments in the interest rate environment and the related consequences in the Gobi segment. But what is impressive is that  we are making progress in the Europeanization of MTS  in accelerating the Europeanization of the MTS strategy  which for years was trying to penetrate further debt management offices beyond Italy and Spain  and the mobilization of all the resources of Euronext is paying off with those debt management offices. The most visible part of the efficiency of those commercial efforts is the fact that MTS was appointed by the European Commission at the end of 2023 as the platform -- the electronic platform for the secondary trading of the next-generation EU bond program  which as you know is going to reach as we speak €750 billion of issuance. So we are confident in the growth of the MTS business  we are supporting the commercial efforts of MTS across Europe and the MTS platform and solutions relevance is getting traction with what is today one of the largest issuers in the continent  which is the European Commission. As far as the development of derivatives offering related to the development of clearing operations  this is definitely part of the roadmap  but we are not going to comment anything that is not a solution that is available to clients before it is available to clients. So that’s the whole point of having an Investor Day in November 2024 to be very explicit on these points. On the capital allocation  I give the floor to Giorgio Modica  but again  the big picture is that  we have a consistent dividend policy  we have done a one-off share buyback  we are going to work hard on developing a new strategy plan and to a large extent the capital allocation policy will be an output of the capital requirements for organic growth and for M&A developments as they will be decided by the end of this year. But Giorgio  feel free to add color and flavor around this capital allocation.Giorgio Modica: Yeah. Stéphane  I believe you said it all. Last year in total we distributed between the dividend and the buyback around €440 million. Clearly this level is not sustainable. As Stéphane mentioned  the buyback last year is one-off  so for this year what you should expect is the application of our policy that until the next Investor Day is going to remain a dividend payout of 50% of reported earnings. Then what will happen  as we commented before  before the investor day we will engage with our stakeholders and shareholders to see whether the same policy that was applied in this plan is going to be suitable for the next plan. But as far as 2024 is concerned  we will apply the current policy.Enrico Bolzoni: Okay.Operator: Thank you. We will now move to our next question from Hurbert Lam from Bank of America. Please go ahead.Hurbert Lam: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I’ve got three of them. Firstly  can you talk about the revenue outlook for 2024? I think if you look at the cost guidance you’ve given for this year  it implies at least about €1.6 billion of revenues. What’s driving the growth for this year and what you see the upside and where do you see the pressures? That’s the first question. The second question is around costs. You’re planning for an additional €10 million in investment costs. Can you elaborate where it’s going to and do you expect to pay back for that? And lastly  again  on the cost guidance  what FX rates are you basing your expense guidance on? Is it the spot FX at the end of last year? Just wondering if the NOK could use depreciate  could this be a headwind for your cost guidance? Thank you.Stéphane Boujnah: So  Giorgio  we’ll take your three questions on the revenue outlook for 2034  on the cost base targeted for 2024 and on the forex rate assumptions.Giorgio Modica: Yeah. Absolutely. So the first element that I would like to highlight is that  we are not going to give you a target for revenue for 2024. However  we can help you to get a better understanding. And another element that I would like to confirm is our target in terms of CAGR EBITDA that will remain between 5% and 6% as announced at the Investor Day. So in your bridge  there are two elements between the revenue of this year and the revenue of next year that you should take into consideration. The first one are price increases. So last year when -- around this time when we met  we told the market that on average  we would have increased the prices on non-volume related activity  accounting 60% of our revenues with an increase averaging 5%. The increase that we anticipate  and by the way  we have delivered that price increase last year as announced. For 2024  we expect an average increase of price of around 3% on our non-volume related activities. So this is the first element of the bridge. The second element is that  you have seen a very small portion of the revenues coming from the clearing of equities  and for next year  you should expect a number which is around €20 million. So those are elements that will contribute to bridge the gap between this year and next year. I cannot add more elements on that. On the cost  so this is something on which I would like to spend a bit of time  because I’m sure that many of you will have questions and I would like to explain a little bit the bridge between the cost of 2023 and the cost of 2024. The first element that I would like to highlight is that  if you look at our cost  it has slightly increased throughout the year. The reason is simple  because we have a -- we are adopting Euronext to manage a larger business through the integration of CC&G and the migrations of -- on clearing  the expansion of the service of Euronext Clearing. So therefore  when we make the comparison between 2023 and 2024  I think  if you  to a certain extent  annualize Q4  you will get to a very different number than the full year. So this is the first element. So how do you make the bridge? The first element  the correct starting point for the bridge should be €216.3 million  which is the actual cost base underlying adjusted for this exceptional release of €6.3 million which happened in the last quarter. Then for next year  there are going to be several impacts. The first one is  you can see today that we have around €35 million of clearing costs and those costs are relating to the clearing derivative contract that we have in LCH SA and so in those contracts  this contract is going to be terminated at the very beginning of the third quarter of 2024. So for the bridge  you will need to consider 50% of that. So a number which is in between €15 million and €17.5 million P&L impact  which is important for the target for next year. Whereas on a run rate basis  this would be the €35 million. So this is important to highlight. In the P&L of next year  you will have not the full time-rate synergies. The second element that you would need to take into consideration is the -- on the one side  the impact of the synergies delivered in four quarters over the next year and further synergies that we will be delivering next year. And if you take all these numbers together  that should be sufficient to offset an inflation that we estimate of around 3% of our cost base  so around €19 million  €20 million. And as we said  we add €10 million of new investments. To summarize the different elements  we have a net increase of less than €10 million from 2016 to 2025. This is able to offset an inflation of around €20 million and additional investment of €10 million through the delivery of P&L synergies of around €25 million. And then the last question  sorry  I was forgetting the last part of your question. In the guidance  we have -- what we have used is an average rate for the fourth quarter of the year  which is consistent with our budget assumptions. And sorry  just to complete…Hurbert Lam: Okay. Thank you.Giorgio Modica: … because you were hinting what happens if the NOK gets stronger. Yes  our cost base is going to be higher  this is a fact  but our revenue is going to be even higher. So last year we lost more than €10 million of EBITDA due to the NOK  and therefore  a strengthening of the NOK might have a negative impact on the €625 million  but a positive impact on overall EBITDA growth in euros.Hurbert Lam: Thank you.Operator: We’ll now take our next question from Bruce Hamilton from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.Bruce Hamilton: Hi  there. Morning. I was actually going to ask about cost  but you gave a very complete answer there. So a couple of smaller questions. One on the cash market share and pricing  obviously  gave us what Q3 looked like -- Q4 looked like  which was encouraging. You haven’t given us a guide for 2024  so should we assume you’re still pretty confident of being above 0.52 bps and above 63%? That’s the first question. Second one  just on the sale of Tokeny  does that signal that you don’t really see any potential link to tokenization and trading of digital assets or was it just the wrong sort of asset to achieve your goals there? And then  finally  in terms of AI  are there any kind of use cases you’re working on to drive efficiency across the organization and is that part of the kind of synergies to offset inflation or is it sort of longer dated? Thank you.Stéphane Boujnah: I’ll take the questions on AI and on Tokeny  and Giorgio Modica will answer the question on market share on cash equity trading. On AI  we are embarking on a comprehensive 360 review of every single cost center and every single revenue generation center to identify potential use cases that can accelerate or expand the origination of new products or the penetration of new clients  and also to impact significantly our cost base. This is a work in progress. It’s a comprehensive exercise  which requires a careful approach of -- in segregating what is buzzwords and what is real transformational processes  and that’s ongoing. Again  the final cut will be shared in -- on the Investor Day in November 24  because the reality when you look at AI for real and when you go beyond superficial generative AI used by the general public  the proper analysis of what it takes to make it happen for real and what are the total economics of the use cases in terms of cost reduction and revenue expansion is more differentiated than many people think. So that’s the process we are embarked into. So I’m not going to entertain you with slogans or benchmarks about change of paradigm  et cetera. We are working hard to see how we can transform the company for real with these new tools. On Tokeny  we took a minority investment. We decided to sell our stake and to crystallize the capital gain on that occasion  not before we had a fundamentally different view on tokenization  but because the allocation of capital to achieve the objective of being part of tokenization was not necessarily optimal as a minority shoulder into this company. There is sometimes a misconception  which is I invent  hence I learn  hence I become an expert. When you take a minority stake  sometimes you do learn. Sometimes you become an expert. Sometimes for all sorts of specific situations around the dynamic of the company  you are in a situation where you believe that there are other ways of becoming relevant than just owning a minority stake in a company tagged. Here  we tokenize assets. So that’s why we have decided  after successful experience  successful interactions  that a suboptimal return on capital employment  a suboptimal return on knowledge acquired for the investment  to take the opportunity of a capital gain and to contribute to the sound  meticulous discipline asset rotation that we owe our shareholders when we believe that we can achieve the objectives with less capital allocation. That’s for Tokeny. And then on the market share  on cash equity trading  over to you  Giorgio.Giorgio Modica: Yeah. So let me take the question. The first element we want to highlight is that there is -- the objective of Euronext remains always the same  which is topline maximization and one of our jobs is to optimize the mix between the market share and the revenue mix. And last year  the reason why we put the floor is that there was a sentiment in the market that we were not in control. We wanted to give a very strong signal that we are in control and I believe that we have over-delivered on the two  giving confidence to the market. But I believe that this phase is over. But there is more to that. The second element  which is important  is that  I believe now is a good moment to share with you the way our market share is built and the reason why  in 2024  these might give signals that will need to be interpreted. So let me try to explain. Our market share is composed as following. On the denominator  you have our volumes  and on this denominator  you have the total of the Lit markets plus the multilateral Dark. So to a certain extent  we are -- our market share of 65 does not really represent our market share on the Lit  but our market share on the Lit and multilateral Dark. So what we are experiencing and what the market is experiencing at the moment is that  given the uncertainty around the new regime that MiFIR will implement  so the move from the double cap at 8% to the new cap at 7%  the rules of the implementation are not stringent and defined. And what is happening is that what we are seeing is a significant increase of Dark that -- at the expense of the systemic internalization. So what is happening to our market share is that what we are seeing is that in -- at the beginning of 2023  there is a mild dilution  which is mainly triggered by abnormal volumes on the Dark  not again at the expense of the Lit  but at the expense of the systemic internalizer  which were not themselves part of the denominator of our market share. So for all these reasons  and as well for the reason that we are going to be competitive in the Dark space for the first time  as Stéphane announced in the first quarter of this year  so we will be able to strengthen our position on the denominator  having as well our unique proposition on Dark. We believe that the best way to adapt  be competitive and maximize revenues is that the strategic flexibility to set our objective in order to maximize revenues.Bruce Hamilton: Very clear. Thank you.Operator: We will now move to our next question from Arnaud Giblat from BNP Paribas (OTC: ). Please go ahead.Arnaud Giblat: Yeah. Good morning. I’ve got three quick questions. Firstly  could I ask about the contribution from cash clearing that started on the 27th of November? How much Euro contribution was in the period? I’m just trying to figure out what the run rate could look like. My second question is  could you expand a bit more about the market share dynamics that are going on at MTS  I mean  clearly  it’s been a key source of strength. I just wondered if you could put a bit more color there. And finally  I’m wondering how pricing discussions are going. I mean  you mentioned  5% price increases in 2023  3% in 2024. We’re seeing some of the market data peers out there seeing less capacity to increase prices. Is this a source of pushback from your side? Thank you.Stéphane Boujnah: So  Arnaud  I will answer your third question and Giorgio will answer your questions on the contribution of cash clearing revenues and the run rate outlook and he will answer also your question on the dynamic of the MTS market share. It’s very complicated to make a blended answer to your question on prices. What is real is that like any properly managed companies  we have adjusted some of the prices in areas where prices have not been reviewed for a while and there has been some contribution to the revenue expansion of last year and there will be again in 2024 a contribution driven by a price increase because we realized by doing this exercise that we had the pricing power which was higher than initially anticipated. But as you perfectly said  some of these pricing adjustment exercises are replicable  others are not. The reason I don’t want to give you a blended guidance is that the reality is extremely differentiated. We have some software contracts  for example  where you have CPI price adjustment clauses where there was price adjustments and price increases that were embedded in these products and these businesses for years. We have other businesses where the proper price adjustment is embedded in the yield and market share management. That’s the case of cash equity trading where when you discuss market share and yield  you discuss price increases. You have areas that are much more discreet in English language as one type of adjustment like the annual fees of listings. You have some market data contracts for the real-time dissemination market data contracts. You have price adjustment but with a significant inertia with a delay between the reference points of inflation or CPI and the year where it is implemented. So it’s extremely differentiated. What you should know is that in an inflationary environment  we do two things as a company. We are super cautious in cost management and Giorgio was explicit about that and you can see the numbers. You can see that our cost base in Q4 was less than 1% above the cost base of one year before despite inflation. So we are very discreet. And the other way around  we try to see to what extent we can pass-through price increases some of the pressure we have on our cost base to clients if and when we can extract better value from our offering and that’s not always the case. And as you said  sometimes we are touching the limit  sometimes we are not touching the limit. It’s extremely differentiated. Sorry for not giving you a sort of one-size-fits-all answer  but the diversification of the product  the very increased diversification of the revenues  which you have observed in the contribution to our topline  that translate in the diversification of the answer to your question. Giorgio?Giorgio Modica: Yeah. So on the revenues from equity clearing  the amount that we have recorded in our account for the fourth quarter is around €2 million and you should appreciate the start in November  Brussels at the beginning and the rest of the market at the end. And as I said  what we are expecting for the full year and you should appreciate that those are the very  very first days  as I mentioned earlier  is around €20 million  2-0. And then  with respect to MTS  the market share. The market share of MTS and its core market  which is the D2D is extremely elevated. I will not share with you a number  but it is a market share which is higher than the one we have in our cash business. And the way for us to grow it is actually growing the market  as Stéphane explained  to make it more international. Today  most of the DMOs [ph] in Europe do not use electronic platforms to improve the secondary trading of their sovereign bonds. So  our willingness is to bring more and more activity on the platform. On the other side  on the -- so this is the answer. So very significant market share  in excess of 70% and the ambition is to make the electronic market larger while keeping a very high market share.Stéphane Boujnah: Arnaud  I did an abstruse. The cost base of Q4 2023 compared to the cost base of Q4 2022 did not increase by less than 1%. It was reduced by a bit less than 1%. So  the cost base of Q4 2023 was minus 0.9%. So  the message is the same. The qualitative message is the same. We were able over year-on-year and in particular in Q4 to reduce our cost base at a time when inflation year-on-year was probably across Europe around 4%.Arnaud Giblat: That’s helpful. Thank you very much.Operator: We will now take our next question from Julian Dobrovolschi from ABN. Please go ahead.Julian Dobrovolschi: Hello. Good morning  gentlemen  and thanks for taking my questions. I have two follow-ups on the expansion of the clearing business. The first one is  if you can kind of give us a bit more  let’s say  understanding on what sort of slippage you were able to see after the expansion of the Euronext Clearing to all the cash markets of Euronext. Given the fact that you are running an open model over there  so probably there is a bit of functionality for the client to decide to either opt-in or opt-out. And the second one  can you also give us some more color  how do you think about the pricing for the future clients on derivatives clearing  for example? So  after Q3  how will this compare to the one on the Italian markets  for example?Stéphane Boujnah: So  on that question  I’ll give the floor to Anthony Attia  who is the Head of our Derivatives and Post-Trading business.Anthony Attia: Good morning. Thank you for your questions. I understand that they are focusing on the cash equity clearing in the CCP. So  the open access model that we have in Europe are twofold. One  this is the one we have at Euronext  is called the preferred CCP model  and the other one is called the inter-provoked model. With the preferred CCP model  the exchanges pick one CCP of choice or what we call default CCP. And in the case of Euronext  the exchanges  to the exception of Oslo  pick Euronext clearing  a CCP of choice. And so  by default  all the trades will go to the CCP of choice  except if the clearing members pick another CCP. And for the same trade  the other CCP is selected by the buyer and the seller. So  in concreto  there is a stickiness of the flow in the CCP of choice and we don’t expect significant changes in the year -- in the course of the year. And as Giorgio explained  we’ve done this migration on the cash equity clearing in November and we already have the revenues in our P&L today. On your second question  I understand it was about the evolution of pricing. Again  Giorgio explained that we should expect the total full year revenue on cash equity clearing around €20 million  with a harmonized pricing that was set up in November last year  with a common approach for all Euronext markets  including Italy.Julian Dobrovolschi: All right. Thank you.Operator: We will now move to our next question from Ian White from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.Ian White: Hi there. Thanks. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a few follow-ups from my side  please. Just firstly  on cash equities and market share  if I look at like-for-like Lit market share versus the largest competitor  the data does seem to suggest that in 1Q 2024 so far  you’ve seeded about 100 basis points of market share to the largest Lit competitor and that’s about 200 basis points versus 3Q levels. So I’m just trying to understand how to square that with the comments you made earlier regarding reduction in market share being driven by an increase in multilateral Dark trading rather than a like-for-like reduction in the Lit market share. Basically  do you think the data I’m looking at is incorrect or were your comments referring more to the 4Q period rather than what we’re seeing in 1Q? That would be the first question  please. Secondly  can you just clarify  please  the expectations for the remaining €41 million of run rate synergies? I think you said earlier that €35 million of clearing costs will be terminated. So I’m talking just €6 million for the final part of the Optiq migration and derivatives clearing revenues collectively. Is that the right interpretation? Not very complex maths  but have I got the message right there  please? And just finally  a follow-up on MTS  can you just call out for us how much of the  I think  it’s about 75% year-over-year increase in volumes over the last four months on the cash trading  how much of that has come from the next-gen EU-issued debt versus just broader progress in the larger bond markets  please? Thank you.Stéphane Boujnah: Okay. I’ll take the question on the run rate synergies target and Giorgio will answer this one  because I think he wants to be more specific on the MTS one. At this stage  we don’t disclose the contribution of the MTS progress made with the next-generation EU  because there is an initial period  like any of these projects  where we don’t charge the full amount to the market participants  because it’s all about building pro-eminent and leading liquidity pool before the competition does. And this is happening  and we will switch to a full pricing of this in the next few months and we will be able to answer your question when we have more visibility. What I can tell you is that in terms of volumes  the liquidity has moved massively to MTS for the secondary trading of the next-gen EU. I’m confident that the pricing will take place as planned at the run rate level  but we cannot disclose and create expectations for the moment. But it represents approximately today 4% of the volumes of MTS and it’s growing. So we’ll see how it can translate into incremental revenues in due course. So  I cannot answer your question specifically at this current moment  because it’s definitely what was  as you should expect  if you want to create a liquidity first. Now  Giorgio  on the run rate synergies and then  Nicolas Rivard will answer your question on the market share for cash equity trading and we’ll provide you the framework as to how to think about market share.Giorgio Modica: Thank you very much for the question and I mean  it’s a question I appreciate. I like squaring things. It’s professional business. So the €41 million missing  it’s -- let’s start from run rate. So let’s square first the run rate. €35 million -- €30 million  €35 million is on a run rate basis determination of the LCH SA derivative clearing agreement and the rest are other optimizations. Let’s call it this way  €5 million  €6 million of other optimizations. Then  how does it translate into the €25 million of P&L savings that we will have? The computation is the following. The €35 million of clearing costs will translate into around €17.5 million of P&L savings. So you would be missing around €7.5 million. This €7.5 million is the P&L impact of the run rate synergies. You remember we discussed the €6 million that were missing to get to the €41 million on the one side  and you have as well the impact in P&L of the cost savings that we delivered in the four quarters this year and will have a full impact on next year. I hope that does -- this does clarify  but if you have a follow-up question  I’m happy to try again.Ian White: Just -- I just want to make sure  I understand the run rate correctly. Sorry  if it’s just me that’s not getting it. It’s €35 million. In terms of the remaining €41 million of run rate that’s going to be delivered by the end of 2024  basically it’s €35 million or so of clearing costs and then just about €6 million for the...Stéphane Boujnah: Other optimizations. He is correct.Giorgio Modica: Yeah.Ian White: Okay. That’s super. Thanks. That’s very clear.Operator: We will now move to our next question from Mike…Stéphane Boujnah: Sorry  there was a question on the market share computation  so…Nicolas Rivard: Thank you.Stéphane Boujnah: Nicolas over you.Nicolas Rivard: Yeah. Thank you for your question. I will provide two data points which I think will illustrate our answer and I think will help you understand the driver behind the market share. The first one  if you look at the market structure  so not looking at Euronext market share  but looking at the relative market share of Lit market versus Dark and SI  there is no change over the last year  which means that the Lit market share compared to Dark and SI is stable. And I think this is a good illustration of what Giorgio was mentioning that even though we see the Dark volume increasing and the Dark market share increasing  we see that the market share is increasing at the expense of the systematic internalizer. The second data point I want to share with you is regarding the Lit market share of Euronext versus competitors. And here again  it has been pretty stable over the last year. Actually  we are running slightly above last year in terms of market share on the Lit market on Euronext’s shares.Ian White: Just to clarify  the comment on the Lit  when you talk about stability  up to and including where we are today or are you talking about to the end of 4Q 2023  just because  as I say  the data I’m looking at seems to suggest that the Lit market share has come off in the early part of 2024?Nicolas Rivard: Up to today or end of January for the latest numbers  but I’m talking about the recent development  yes.Ian White: Okay. Okay. Got it. Thanks very much for your help. Really appreciate it.Operator: Thank you. We’ll now move to our next question from Mike Weiner from UBS. Please go ahead.Mike Weiner: Thank you very much. Just one question for me and apologies if this was already addressed  but in terms of the Dark pool that you announced you’ll be launching in Q1 of this year  how should we think about that from a revenue-generating perspective? Is this one -- I think  the initial pricing was around 0.3 basis points  if I’m correct  but is this one where  similar to what you saw with the EU bonds with an MTS  where you offer discounts to participants until you generate a sufficient pool of liquidity  and then ramp up the pricing after that  normalize the pricing after that? And also  is there any adjacent revenues that you may get from this  say from incremental colocation offerings? Thank you.Stéphane Boujnah: So Giorgio  and then Nicolas.Giorgio Modica: Absolutely. My part of the answer is going to be disappointingly short. Unfortunately  we cannot give you a target  but it’s a great occasion to give the floor to Nicolas  it will explain to you why we are so excited about that.Nicolas Rivard: Thank you  Giorgio. Indeed  in the end of March and this year  we are going to launch our Dark offering on all Euronext markets. This Dark offering will be included in our data center in Bergamo as part of our Optiq training system  and therefore  will provide to customers a very simple and direct access to Dark functionality with absolutely no latency. So we are extremely confident that this value proposition is of interest of clients  which is what we are witnessing as we speak with clients. The clients are lined up to -- in the test environment  which as mentioned by Stéphane  open at the end of January. This Dark functionality included in our optic platform will allow members to  without being too technical  but to sweep from the Dark to the Lit  which means that sending an order  which will first go to the Dark  and if the order is not executed  will move without any latency to the Lit order book. And this value proposition is going to bid in for client  because you -- I am showing that  you get best liquidity from our Dark pool and then from our get little liquidity pool on our Lit market.Operator: Thank you. We will now move to our next question from Tom Mills from Jefferies. Please go ahead.Tom Mills: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Sorry  I just wanted to follow up on the cash equity market share question again. It’s still slightly confusing to me. Are you saying that the market share in 1Q  if we just sort of take the run rate to-date  is likely to be flat versus 4Q 2023 or flat versus 1Q 2023 when it was 63.8%? Just because it does seem like there’s been quite a significant leg down 1Q 2024 to-date and I -- I’m just struggling to understand how it’s stable based on what you’re saying? Thank you.Stéphane Boujnah: So  yes  let me try to clarify. So  Giorgio mentioned that the way  and probably  for historical reasons  the way we publish the market share of Euronext includes as a denominator the Dark pools  so the Dark  the multilateral facility offering Dark functionalities  whereas Euronext does not at the moment offer such a system. And Giorgio mentioned that the Dark volumes in the beginning of the year have increased and Giorgio mentioned the driver being most probably the uncertainty around the regulatory change of regime of the volume cap. Giorgio also mentioned that this is at the expense mostly as far as we see from the systematic internalizer. The other question  the other answer is that from  with regard to Lit market share. So  if we remove this effect on the Dark volumes  the Lit market share that we see is fairly stable in the range of the fluctuation and absolutely not dropping from the beginning of the year.Operator: Thank you. And it appears there are no further questions in the queue at this time. With this  I’d like to hand the call back over to Stéphane Boujnah for any additional or closing remarks. Over to you  sir.Stéphane Boujnah: Thank you very much for your time and have a good day.Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. Ladies and gentlemen  you may now disconnect.This article was generated with the support of AI and reviewed by an editor. For more information see our T&C.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.55,0.26,0.19,True,English,"['Earnings call', 'revenue growth', 'Euronext', 'Investing', 'com', 'leading European stock exchange operator', 'full year 2023 results conference call', 'solid net cash flow', 'entire Trading value chain', 'Full Year 2023 Results Call', 'annual run rate synergies', 'dividend payout policy', 'AI use cases', 'stable dividend policy', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'four important points', 'fourth quarter results', 'P&L synergies', 'Sweep trading functionalities', 'An Investor Day', 'full year 2023 performance', 'cumulative EBITDA synergies', 'specific revenue target', 'new trading functionalities', 'primary listing venue', 'Q&A Highlights', 'challenging market environment', 'future market conditions', 'high market share', 'significant revenue growth', 'successful diversification strategy', 'total Q4 revenue', 'Euronext fourth quarter', 'successful year', 'Full transcript', 'leading position', 'European listings', 'European equities', 'cash clearing', 'last year', 'Trading revenues', 'strong performance', 'future opportunities', 'EBITDA growth', 'new initiatives', 'Good day', 'inflationary environment', 'market challenges', 'core market', 'long-term strategy', 'volume-related revenue', 'Revenue contribution', 'clearing services', 'notable increase', 'Key Takeaways', 'full-year growth', 'strong profitability', 'inflationary pressures', 'asset classes', 'derivatives volumes', 'derivatives offerings', 'Bearish Highlights', 'stronger NOK', 'positive effect', 'Bullish Highlights', 'balance sheet', 'operating activities', 'Pricing adjustments', 'clear focus', 'strategic investments', 'growth opportunities', 'business model', 'Managing Board', 'Giorgio Modica', 'answer session', 'main business', 'financial highlights', 'diversification efforts', 'leadership position', 'positive one-offs', '2023 cost guidance', 'cost savings', 'cost management', 'cost discipline', 'strategic expansion', 'adjusted earnings', 'lower equity', 'price increases', 'upcoming launch', 'Adjusted EPS', 'strong end', 'Company Outlook', 'Euronext CFO', 'Q4.', 'Feb', 'Reuters', 'ENX', 'Watchlist', 'track', 'Mid-Point', 'Q1', 'November', 'Misses', 'efficiency', 'stake', 'Tokeny', 'products', 'clients', 'MTS', 'plans', 'resilience', 'adaptability', 'commitment', 'confidence', 'None', 'EUXTF', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'today', 'presentation', 'participants', 'listen', 'question', 'meeting', 'time', 'morning', 'everybody', 'webcast', 'introduction', 'past', 'years', 'schedule', 'everyone', '©', '2024']",2024-02-17,2024-02-18,investing.com
36356,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/02/17/segros-sgro-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-shore-capital/,SEGRO’s (SGRO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital,Shore Capital reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of SEGRO (LON:SGRO – Free Report) in a report published on Friday  MarketBeat.com reports. Separately  Berenberg Bank reissued a hold rating and issued a GBX 863 ($10.90) price target on shares of SEGRO in a…,Shore Capital reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of SEGRO (LON:SGRO – Free Report) in a report published on Friday  MarketBeat.com reports.Separately  Berenberg Bank reissued a hold rating and issued a GBX 863 ($10.90) price target on shares of SEGRO in a research note on Thursday  February 8th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  the company presently has a consensus rating of Moderate Buy and a consensus target price of GBX 911.60 ($11.51).Get SEGRO alerts:Get Our Latest Stock Analysis on SEGROSEGRO Stock Up 1.9 %SEGRO Increases DividendLON SGRO opened at GBX 849.40 ($10.73) on Friday. The firm has a market cap of £10.45 billion  a PE ratio of -312.28  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 2.12 and a beta of 0.74. SEGRO has a one year low of GBX 675 ($8.52) and a one year high of GBX 913 ($11.53). The stock’s 50 day simple moving average is GBX 862.08 and its 200 day simple moving average is GBX 786.97. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 48.83  a current ratio of 0.48 and a quick ratio of 0.62.The business also recently announced a dividend  which will be paid on Friday  May 3rd. Shareholders of record on Thursday  March 14th will be paid a dividend of GBX 19.10 ($0.24) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 2.29%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday  March 14th. This is a boost from SEGRO’s previous dividend of $8.70. SEGRO’s payout ratio is presently -992.65%.SEGRO Company Profile(Get Free Report)SEGRO is a UK Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)  listed on the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Paris  and is a leading owner  manager and developer of modern warehouses and industrial property. It owns or manages 10.3 million square metres of space (110 million square feet) valued at £21.0 billion serving customers from a wide range of industry sectors.See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for SEGRO Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SEGRO and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Buy” Rating', 'Shore Capital', 'SEGRO', 'UK Real Estate Investment Trust', '50 day simple moving average', '200 day simple moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', '10.3 million square metres', '110 million square feet', 'concise daily summary', 'Get Free Report', 'London Stock Exchange', 'MarketBeat.com reports', 'consensus target price', 'Latest Stock Analysis', 'SEGRO Company Profile', 'price target', 'email address', 'consensus rating', 'SEGRO Daily', 'Shore Capital', 'buy rating', 'Berenberg Bank', 'hold rating', 'research note', 'Two analysts', 'Moderate Buy', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'earnings-growth ratio', 'one year', 'equity ratio', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'ex-dividend date', 'payout ratio', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading owner', 'modern warehouses', 'industrial property', 'wide range', 'industry sectors', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'March 14th', ""analysts' ratings"", 'SEGRO alerts', 'SEGRO Increases', 'dividend yield', 'previous dividend', 'SEGRO Stock', 'LON SGRO', 'shares', 'Friday', 'GBX 863', 'Thursday', 'February', 'data', 'firm', 'beta', 'debt', 'business', 'May', 'Shareholders', 'record', 'boost', 'REIT', 'manager', 'developer', 'space', 'customers']",2024-02-17,2024-02-18,etfdailynews.com
36357,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesspost.ie/news/irish-stock-exchange-steps-up-lobbying-campaign-as-flutter-and-crh-depart/,Irish stock exchange steps up lobbying campaign as Flutter and CRH depart,Euronext Dublin dramatically increased the volume of its communications with the government in 2023 as fears grow over the viability of the stock markets,Euronext Dublin dramatically increased the volume of its communications with the government in 2023 as fears grow over the viability of the stock marketsThe operator of Ireland’s stock exchange dramatically stepped up its lobbying efforts in 2023 amid fears of a crisis in public trading  a Business Post analysis reveals.Euronext Dublin contacted government officials or departments on 35 occasions last year  according to filings in the lobbying register  double the volume of lobbying it did in 2022.It shows how Euronext  the Paris-based bourse which operates the Irish stock exchange  warned the government on a number of ...,neutral,0.07,0.81,0.12,negative,0.02,0.36,0.62,True,English,"['Irish stock exchange', 'lobbying campaign', 'Flutter', 'CRH', 'Business Post analysis', 'Irish stock exchange', 'stock markets', 'public trading', 'Paris-based bourse', 'Euronext Dublin', 'lobbying efforts', 'lobbying register', 'government officials', 'volume', 'communications', 'fears', 'viability', 'operator', 'Ireland', 'crisis', 'departments', '35 occasions', 'filings', 'number']",2024-02-18,2024-02-18,businesspost.ie
