UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
50235,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/23/3066478/0/en/Decisions-of-Sampo-plc-s-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Decisions of Sampo plc’s Annual General Meeting,Sampo plc  stock exchange release  23 April 2025 at 4:05 pm EEST   Decisions of Sampo plc’s Annual General Meeting  The Annual General Meeting of Sampo......,Sampo plc  stock exchange release  23 April 2025 at 4:05 pm EESTDecisions of Sampo plc’s Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting of Sampo plc  held today on 23 April 2025  approved all the proposals made to the Annual General Meeting (AGM) by the Board of Directors and its Committees  including distribution of dividend of EUR 0.34 per share for 2024.The AGM adopted the financial accounts for 2024 and discharged the members of the Board of Directors and CEO from liability for the financial year ending 31 December 2024. The AGM authorised the Board of Directors to decide on share repurchases.Including proxy representatives  there were altogether 1 746 933 448 shares (64.91 per cent of all shares) and 1 750 933 448 votes (64.96 per cent of all votes) in the company represented at the AGM.Dividend paymentThe AGM decided to distribute a dividend of EUR 0.34 per share for 2024. The dividend will be paid to the shareholders registered in the company’s shareholders register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy or VP Securities A/S in Denmark  and to the holders of the Swedish depository receipts (SDRs) registered in the securities depository and settlement register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  as at the record date of 25 April 2025.The dividend will be paid to the shareholders and holders of the share entitlements on 6 May 2025 and to the SDR holders on 8 May 2025.Election and remuneration of the Board membersThe number of Board members was decreased by one to eight members. Christian Clausen  Steve Langan  Risto Murto  Antti Mäkinen  Markus Rauramo  Astrid Stange and Annica Witschard were re-elected for a term continuing until the close of the next Annual General Meeting. Sara Mella was elected as a new member to the Board. Of the previous members  Georg Ehrnrooth and Jannica Fagerholm were not available for re-election.At its organisational meeting  the Board elected Antti Mäkinen as Chair and Risto Murto as Vice Chair.All Board members have been determined to be independent of the Company and its major shareholders under the rules of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2025. The CVs of the Board members are available at www.sampo.com/board.The AGM decided on the following annual fees to the members of the Board of Directors until the close of the next AGM:EUR 243 000 for the Chair of the Board (prev. EUR 235 000);EUR 140 000 for the Vice Chair of the Board (prev. EUR 135 000);EUR 108 000 for each member of the Board (prev. EUR 104 000);EUR 30 000 for the Chair of the Audit Committee as an additional annual fee (prev. EUR 29 000); andEUR 6 800 for each member of the Audit Committee as an additional annual fee (prev. EUR 6 600).A Board member must acquire Sampo plc A shares at the price paid in public trading with 50 per cent of his/her annual fee after the deduction of taxes  payments and potential statutory social and pension costs. Notwithstanding this  a Board member is not required to purchase any additional Sampo plc A shares if the Board member owns such amount of said shares that their value is equivalent to twice the respective Board member’s gross annual fee. The Company will pay any possible transfer tax related to the acquisition of the shares.Election and remuneration of the auditor and of the Sustainability Reporting Assurer ProviderThe Authorised Public Accountant Firm and Authorised Sustainability Audit Firm Deloitte Ltd was re-elected as the Company’s auditor and Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider for the financial year 2025. APA ASA Jukka Vattulainen will continue as the auditor with principal responsibility and the principal authorised sustainability auditor. Company’s Auditor and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider will be paid compensation against invoices approved by the Company.Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesSampo’s Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies was adopted through an advisory resolution.Authorisation on share repurchasesThe AGM authorised the Board to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions  a maximum of 250 000 000 Sampo plc A shares. The maximum number of shares represents approximately 9.29 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the company. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.The authorisation will be valid until the close of the next AGM  however  no longer than 18 months from the AGM's decision.AGM materialsThe proposals approved by the AGM are available in their entirety at Sampo’s website at www.sampo.com/agm. The Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies is available at www.sampo.com/year2024.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available for viewing at www.sampo.com/agm and at Sampo plc's head office at Fabianinkatu 27  Helsinki  Finland  by the end of 7 May 2025.SAMPO PLCFor further information  please contact:Sami TaipalusHead of Investor Relationstel. +358 10 516 0030Maria SilanderCommunications Manager  Media Relationstel. +358 10 516 0031Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq StockholmNasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock ExchangeFIN-FSAThe principal mediawww.sampo.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.3,0.7,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sampo plc', 'Decisions', 'Authorised Sustainability Audit Firm Deloitte Ltd', 'Authorised Public Accountant Firm', 'Sustainability Reporting Assurer Provider', 'Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider', 'Finnish Corporate Governance Code', 'APA ASA Jukka Vattulainen', 'Maria Silander Communications Manager', 'additional Sampo plc A shares', 'principal authorised sustainability auditor', 'one to eight members', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', '250,000,000 Sampo plc A shares', 'additional annual fee', 'outstanding A shares', 'stock exchange release', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Antti Mäkinen', 'potential statutory social', 'possible transfer tax', 'gross annual fee', 'VP Securities A/S', 'Swedish depository receipts', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'respective Board member', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Audit Committee', 'organisational meeting', 'securities depository', 'annual fees', 'public trading', 'principal responsibility', 'next AGM', 'EEST Decisions', 'financial accounts', 'financial year', 'proxy representatives', '64.91 per cent', '64.96 per cent', 'settlement register', 'record date', 'Christian Clausen', 'Steve Langan', 'Risto Murto', 'Markus Rauramo', 'Astrid Stange', 'Annica Witschard', 'Sara Mella', 'previous members', 'Georg Ehrnrooth', 'Jannica Fagerholm', '50 per cent', 'pension costs', 'Governing Bodies', 'advisory resolution', 'several occasions', '9.29 per cent', 'Sami Taipalus', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen', 'London Sto', 'new member', 'The AGM', 'share repurchases', 'share entitlements', 'AGM materials', 'shareholders register', 'Board members', 'major shareholders', 'head office', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Vice Chair', 'The Company', 'SDR holders', 'Dividend payment', 'maximum number', '1,746,933,448 shares', 'April', 'proposals', 'Directors', 'Committees', 'distribution', 'CEO', 'liability', '31 December', '1,750,933,448 votes', 'Denmark', 'SDRs', '6 May', '8 May', 'Election', 'term', 'close', 'rules', 'CVs', 'price', 'deduction', 'taxes', 'payments', 'amount', 'value', 'acquisition', 'compensation', 'invoices', 'Authorisation', '18 months', 'entirety', 'website', 'minutes', 'Fabianinkatu', '7 May', 'information', '4:05', '358']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,globenewswire.com
50236,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/23/3066357/0/en/Elanders-AB-Report-from-the-Annual-General-Meeting-2025.html,Elanders AB: Report from the Annual General Meeting 2025,The Annual General Meeting  led by Chairman of the Board Dan Frohm  decided to:  adopt the income statement and balance sheet as well as the...,The Annual General Meeting  led by Chairman of the Board Dan Frohm  decided to:adopt the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet discharge the members of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer from liability for the financial year 2024 according to the proposal in the notice  distribute a dividend of SEK 4.15 per share for 2024. The record date for the dividend is proposed to be 25 April 2025 and it is expected that the dividend will be disbursed by Euroclear Sweden AB on 30 April 2025 for the financial year 2025 grant  according to the proposal in the notice  the Board a remuneration of a total of SEK 4 693 800 including reimbursement for committee work  to be divided among the members as presented in the notice appoint  according to the proposal in the notice  the following members to the Board until the next Annual General Meeting is held in 2026:Carl Bennet (re-election)Ulrika Dellby (re-election)Eva Elmstedt (re-election)Dan Frohm (re-election)Erik Gabrielson (re-election)Anna Hallberg (re-election)Anne Lenerius (re-election)Magnus Nilsson (re-election)Johan Trouvé (re-election)appoint  according to the proposal in the notice  Dan Frohm as Chairman of the Board approve the proposal given in the notice to new-elect the accounting firm of Ernst & Young AB as auditor and simultaneously thank the leaving auditing firm PwC  which is now concluding its assignment the nomination committee until the next Annual General Meeting will be formed and perform the duties according to the proposal in the notice  andapprove the remuneration report presented by the Board regarding senior officers.In his speech  CEO Magnus Nilsson described the Group’s business and development during 2024 and the first quarter 2025. 2024 was a challenging year with negative growth in the first half of the year  followed by a slight recovery in the second half. The recovery stalled in the first quarter of 2025  and the market outlook going forward has become more uncertain. In response to this  Elanders implemented cost-saving measures during the first quarter. Magnus Nilsson further elaborated on the long-term growth expected in the logistics market and the growth opportunities for the company.The minutes from the Annual General Meeting will be available on the company website as soon as they have been verified.Elanders AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsthroughMagnus Nilsson  President and CEO  Phone: +46 31 750 07 50Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.91,0.08,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Elanders AB', 'Report', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'leaving auditing firm', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'financial year 2025 grant', 'CEO Magnus Nilsson', 'accounting firm', 'Young AB', 'The Board', 'Dan Frohm', 'record date', 'committee work', 'Carl Bennet', 'Ulrika Dellby', 'Eva Elmstedt', 'Erik Gabrielson', 'Anna Hallberg', 'Anne Lenerius', 'Johan Trouvé', 'nomination committee', 'senior officers', 'first quarter', 'challenging year', 'negative growth', 'first half', 'second half', 'market outlook', 'cost-saving measures', 'long-term growth', 'logistics market', 'growth opportunities', 'Elanders AB', 'remuneration report', 'slight recovery', 'company website', 'following members', 'Chairman', 'liability', 'proposal', 'notice', 'dividend', 'SEK', 'share', '25 April', '30 April', 'total', 'reimbursement', 'election', 'appoint', 'Ernst', 'auditor', 'PwC', 'assignment', 'duties', 'speech', 'Group', 'business', 'development', 'response', 'minutes', 'Directors', 'President', 'Phone', 'Attachment', '2024']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,globenewswire.com
50237,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.livemint.com/technology/tech-news/the-race-to-fix-aging-computer-systems-heats-up-with-ai-s-help-11745483518217.html,The Race to Fix Aging Computer Systems Heats Up With AI’s Help,Similar efforts are underway at companies and governments around the world  as the urgency to address aging computer code increases. The US Social Security Administration plans to,(Bloomberg) -- Kresimir Mudrovcic and his team of programmers spend months on end trawling through computer code that can be three times as old as the crew’s youngest members.Mudrovcic specializes in mainframe technology  involving computers tracing their roots to the dawn of the digital age and the ancient software that sometimes runs on them. Upgrading such systems is painstaking work  often entailing sifting through millions of lines of code to understand how specific functions operate. Mudrovcic  an IT consultant  compares it to archeology.But the work is getting easier  thanks to the widening use of generative artificial intelligence to do some of the heavy lifting. “AI systems work like that smart  very experienced  very wise old colleague who knows everything ” said Mudrovcic  whose team recently deployed such tools to help speed up modernizing the pension system of a European government agency.Similar efforts are underway at companies and governments around the world  as the urgency to address aging computer code increases. The US Social Security Administration plans to use AI to help upgrade its legacy Common Business-Oriented Language code base  and expects the project to take three years and cost about $1 billion  a person with knowledge of the matter said.The SSA didn’t respond to requests for comment.From online banking applications and airline ticketing services to pensions disbursements  critical systems are often undergirded by decades-old code  raising costs as well as the risk of failures and cyberattacks. US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has repeatedly stressed the need to overhaul government systems running on computer language like COBOL  which was invented in the late 1950s.“When I started in college in 1980  I learned to program in COBOL ” he told Bloomberg’s Big Take DC podcast in February.As much as 70% of software used by Fortune 500 companies was developed at least two decades ago  according to a December report from McKinsey. Global financial institutions alone are expected to spend some $57 billion maintaining legacy payments systems in 2028  research firm IDC estimates. That’s almost equivalent to last year’s net income at JPMorgan & Chase Co.  the biggest US bank.“You’d be surprised how many firms are still on COBOL  even banks globally ” said Gokhan Sari  a senior partner at McKinsey. The consultancy has developed a dedicated AI tool called LegacyX to help clients including banks remove obsolete code and revamp their systems.Until Sam Altman’s OpenAI ushered in the generative AI frenzy with ChatGPT in late 2022  managing systems based on dated languages like COBOL and PL/1 meant tapping into a dwindling pool of talent as experienced programmers versed in such code retired. It wasn’t unheard of for companies to call former employees back from retirement when a system needed maintenance.This is a particularly thorny problem for banks  whose consumer-facing applications can run on top of decades-old systems  putting them at a disadvantage to upstart fintech competitors like Revolut Ltd. So tangled are the various layers of code  they’ve often been referred to as “spaghetti systems.” And replacing them is delicate work.“There are often a few people who know the code  it’s thousands of lines and you need to migrate to a new language ” said Görkem Köseoğlu  the former chief technology officer at Dutch banking group ING Groep NV. “These are risky and complex projects because while migrating to new code base  you also need to keep the lights on at the banks.”Engineers have started using AI tools like ChatGPT  Microsoft Corp.’s Github CoPilot and IBM’s watsonX to make the process of maintaining and upgrading old systems easier and quicker.Instead of going through it line by line  a programmer can upload or copy and paste large blocks of code into an AI tool  along with natural-language prompts like “What does this COBOL program do?” The AI can then explain how the code works and how different parts fit together — and even translate old computer languages into more modern ones like Java.Since legacy systems often lack documentation  engineers are also using AI to create instruction manuals describing how they operate. That can help organizations avoid the time-consuming effort of reverse-engineering old code when they need to change or replace it.The time and cost savings can be dramatic. The cost of modernizing a transaction processing system at a large financial institution  which three years ago would have run to more than $100 million  is now “well less than half” of that using generative AI  according to the McKinsey report.It’s “considered a game changer comparable to the advent of cloud computing 20 years ago ” said Michal Paprocki  chief information officer at Brussels-based Euroclear SA.Social Security ControversyThat doesn’t mean AI is poised to eliminate the need for human intervention. One potential risk is “hallucinations ” where the AI models invent fake answers — something that could have steep consequences when dealing with critical systems. For the foreseeable future  experienced engineers will need to oversee the work.Efforts by the Elon Musk-led Department of Government Efficiency to revamp the Social Security Administration’s IT systems have already become a source of controversy  amid fears that moving too fast might create havoc.On April 17  Democrats on the House Oversight Committee asked SSA’s assistant Inspector General  Michelle Anderson  to investigate whether plans to quickly overhaul the agency’s code could disrupt payments to more than 70 million beneficiaries. Representative Gerald Connolly of Virginia said he had information from an agency whistleblower that SSA planned to replace COBOL code in a matter of weeks or months and “rapidly rip out and replace critical IT systems without adequate planning and preparation.”To a large extent  the aging software infrastructure that underpins global commerce has held up well. But the layering of successive iterations of increasingly advanced code to run more demanding functions is starting to strain computer networks  making them a financial drag for companies and governments alike.A 2022 report from the Consortium for Information & Software Quality estimated the “technology debt” accumulated from poor-quality software — essentially the spending that would be required to replace it — at $1.5 trillion.The potential benefits of upgrading or retiring legacy systems go beyond cost  in the form of freeing up resources for developing new tools and applications and making it easier to attract the best engineering talent  executives said. Programmers  in general  prefer to work with the more modern computer languages they’ve been trained in.At Euroclear  which provides post-trade services  legacy systems are affectionately referred to as “legendary systems” since they perform the vital function of keeping record of the €41 trillion ($47 trillion) of assets it holds in custody. Now Euroclear is testing AI to help automate creating a record of how its existing code works — an attempt to future-proof its systems as engineers who know the older programs retire.“It’s like having a smart colleague ” said Jaques Theys  head of advanced analytics and Business Intelligence at Euroclear. “Two years ago  [AI tools] were like the new intern. But the more they go  the smarter they get.”--With assistance from Gregory Korte.More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.21,0.21,0.57,True,English,"['Aging Computer Systems', 'The Race', 'AI', 'Help', 'legacy Common Business-Oriented Language code base', 'Görkem Köseoğlu', 'US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent', 'experienced, very wise old colleague', 'The US Social Security Administration', 'Big Take DC podcast', 'former chief technology officer', 'Social Security Controversy', 'biggest US bank', 'chief information officer', 'airline ticketing services', 'Global financial institutions', 'Dutch banking group', 'ING Groep NV', 'new code base', 'Brussels-based Euroclear SA', 'generative artificial intelligence', 'European government agency', 'online banking applications', 'legacy payments systems', 'large financial institution', 'old computer languages', 'transaction processing system', 'One potential risk', 'generative AI frenzy', 'aging computer code', 'dedicated AI tool', 'new language', 'legacy systems', 'mainframe technology', 'The SSA', 'experienced programmers', 'former employees', 'old code', 'The AI', 'old systems', 'dated languages', 'consumer-facing applications', 'large blocks', 'government systems', 'youngest members', 'digital age', 'specific functions', 'IT consultant', 'widening use', 'heavy lifting', 'pension system', 'Similar efforts', 'three years', 'pensions disbursements', 'December report', 'research firm', 'last year', 'net income', 'Chase Co.', 'many firms', 'Gokhan Sari', 'senior partner', 'obsolete code', 'Sam Altman', 'dwindling pool', 'thorny problem', 'fintech competitors', 'Revolut Ltd', 'various layers', 'complex projects', 'Microsoft Corp.', 'Github CoPilot', 'natural-language prompts', 'different parts', 'modern ones', 'instruction manuals', 'time-consuming effort', 'game changer', 'cloud computing', 'Michal Paprocki', 'human intervention', 'fake answers', 'steep consequences', 'AI models', 'critical systems', 'spaghetti systems', 'AI systems', 'painstaking work', 'delicate work', 'ancient software', 'late 1950s', 'cost savings', 'AI tools', 'Fortune 500 companies', 'McKinsey report', 'Kresimir Mudrovcic', 'COBOL program', 'Bloomberg', 'team', 'months', 'crew', 'computers', 'roots', 'dawn', 'millions', 'lines', 'archeology', 'everything', 'governments', 'world', 'urgency', 'person', 'knowledge', 'matter', 'requests', 'comment', 'costs', 'failures', 'cyberattacks', 'need', 'college', 'February', 'IDC', 'JPMorgan', 'consultancy', 'clients', 'banks', 'OpenAI', 'ChatGPT', 'PL/1', 'talent', 'retirement', 'maintenance', 'top', 'disadvantage', 'upstart', 'people', 'thousands', 'risky', 'lights', 'Engineers', 'IBM', 'watsonX', 'Java', 'documentation', 'organizations', 'half', 'advent', 'hallucinations', 'something']",2025-04-24,2025-04-24,livemint.com
50238,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/6093761,Resolutions of Huhtamäki Oyj’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders,Resolutions of Huhtamäki Oyj’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders,HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 24.4.2025 AT 12:45 EESTResolutions of Huhtamäki Oyj’s Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersHuhtamäki Oyj’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders was held in Helsinki on April 24  2025. The meeting adopted the Annual Accounts including the Consolidated Annual Accounts for 2024  discharged the members of the Company’s Board of Directors and the CEO from liability  and approved all proposals made to the Annual General Meeting by the Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Nomination Board. The Annual General Meeting also approved the Remuneration Report for the Company’s Governing Bodies presented to it.DividendThe Annual General Meeting resolved that an aggregate dividend of EUR 1.10 per share be paid based on the balance sheet adopted for the financial period ended on December 31  2024. The dividend will be paid in two instalments. The first dividend instalment  EUR 0.55 per share  will be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the first dividend instalment April 28  2025. The payment date for the first dividend instalment will be May 6  2025. The second dividend instalment  EUR 0.55 per share  will be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the second dividend instalment October 1  2025. The payment date for the second dividend instalment will be October 8  2025.In addition  the Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide  if necessary  on a new record date and a new payment date for the second dividend instalment if regulations applicable to the Finnish book-entry system change or otherwise so require.Composition of the Board of DirectorsThe number of members of the Board of Directors was confirmed to as nine (9). Ms. Mercedes Alonso  Mr. Doug Baillie  Mr. Robert K. Beckler  Ms. Anja Korhonen  Ms. Pauline Lindwall  Ms. Kerttu Tuomas and Mr. Pekka Vauramo were re-elected and  as new members  Ms. Essimari Kairisto and Mr. Johann Christoph Michalski were elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting re-elected Mr. Pekka Vauramo as the Chair of the Board of Directors and Ms. Kerttu Tuomas as the Vice-Chair of the Board of Directors.In a meeting that took place after the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors resolved upon members of its Committees. Ms. Anja Korhonen was elected as the Chair and Ms. Mercedes Alonso  Ms. Essimari Kairisto and Mr. Johann Christoph Michalski as the members of the Audit Committee. Mr. Doug Baillie was elected as the Chair and Ms. Pauline Lindwall  Ms. Kerttu Tuomas and Mr. Pekka Vauramo as the members of the Human Resources Committee. Mr. Robert K. Beckler was elected as the Chair and Mr. Johann Christoph Michalski and Mr. Pekka Vauramo as the members of the Investment Committee.Remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting resolved that the annual remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors will be paid as follows: to the Chair of the Board EUR 180 000  to the Vice-Chair EUR 84 000 and to the other members EUR 69 000 each. In addition  the Annual General Meeting resolved that the annual remuneration to the Chairs and members of the Board Committees will be paid as follows: to the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 17 500 and to the other members of the Audit Committee EUR 7 000  to the Chair of the Human Resources Committee EUR 10 500 and to the other members of the Human Resources Committee EUR 4 200 as well as to the Chair of the Investment Committee EUR 10 500 and to the other members of the Investment Committee EUR 4 200. In addition  the Annual General Meeting resolved that EUR 1 500 will be paid for each Board and Committee meeting attended. Traveling expenses of the Board members will be compensated in accordance with the Company policy.AuditorKPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorized public accountants  was re-elected as Auditor of the Company for the financial year January 1 – December 31  2025. Mr. Henrik Holmbom  APA  will continue as the Auditor with principal responsibility.The Auditor’s remuneration will be paid against an invoice approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.Sustainability Reporting AssurerKPMG Oy Ab  an authorized sustainability audit firm  was elected as Sustainability Reporting Assurer of the Company for the financial year January 1 – December 31  2025. Mr. Henrik Holmbom  Authorized Sustainability Auditor (ASA)  will act as the key sustainability partner.The Sustainability Reporting Assurer’s remuneration will be paid against an invoice approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of an aggregate maximum of 10 776 038 of the Company’s own shares. Own shares may be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The authorization also covers directed repurchases of the Company’s own shares. The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2026.Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in chapter 10 section 1 of the Companies Act. The aggregate number of new shares to be issued may not exceed 10 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 9.3 percent of the current shares of the Company  and the aggregate number of own treasury shares to be transferred may not exceed 4 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 3.7 percent of the current shares of the Company. The authorization also covers directed issuances of shares. The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2026.Mr. Antti Ihamuotila  Attorney-at-Law  chaired the meeting.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the website of Huhtamäki Oyj at www.huhtamaki.com as of May 8  2025  at the latest.For further information  please contact:Sami Pauni  Executive Vice President  Corporate Affairs and Legal  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 (0)10 686 7167About HuhtamakiHuhtamaki is a leading global provider of sustainable packaging solutions for consumers around the world. Our innovative products protect on-the-go and on-the-shelf food and beverages  and personal care products  ensuring hygiene and safety  driving accessibility and affordability  and helping prevent food waste. We embed sustainability in everything we do.Huhtamaki has over 100 years of history and a strong Nordic heritage. Our around 18 000 professionals are operating in 36 countries and 102 locations around the world. Our values are Care Dare Deliver. In 2024 Huhtamaki’s net sales totaled EUR 4.1 billion. Huhtamäki Oyj is listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki and the head office is in Espoo  Finland. Find out more at www.huhtamaki.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Huhtamäki Oyj', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Resolutions', 'Shareholders', 'HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Finnish book-entry system change', 'Mr. Robert K. Beckler', 'Mr. Johann Christoph Michalski', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Sustainability Reporting Assurer', 'authorized sustainability audit firm', 'Mr. Doug Baillie', 'Mr. Pekka Vauramo', 'Mr. Henrik Holmbom', 'authorized public accountants', 'key sustainability partner', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Ms. Mercedes Alonso', 'Ms. Anja Korhonen', 'Ms. Pauline Lindwall', 'Ms. Kerttu Tuomas', 'Ms. Essimari Kairisto', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'Consolidated Annual Accounts', 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'Human Resources Committee', 'Authorized Sustainability Auditor', 'new record date', 'new payment date', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Committee meeting', 'annual remuneration', 'Audit Committee', 'aggregate dividend', 'Investment Committee', 'new members', 'Governing Bodies', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'two instalments', 'Traveling expenses', 'financial year', 'principal responsibility', 'aggregate maximum', 'Remuneration Report', 'other members', 'Company policy', 'Board Committees', 'Board members', '12:45 EEST', 'Resolutions', 'Helsinki', 'April', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'liability', 'proposals', 'December', 'register', 'May', 'October', 'addition', 'regulations', 'Composition', 'number', 'term', 'Chair', 'place', 'accordance', 'APA', 'invoice', 'ASA', 'Authorization', 'repurchase', 'shares']",2025-04-24,2025-04-24,taiwannews.com.tw
50239,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/local/ocean-county/2025/04/23/nj-fire-ocean-county-history-jackson-lacey-berkeley-lakewood-wildfires/83227272007/,A history of significant Ocean County wildfires  including the Jones Road fire,Ocean County has a long history with wildfires. Here are some of the blazes that have swept through the region in recent years.,A history of significant Ocean County wildfires  including the Jones Road fireShow Caption Hide Caption Why are the New Jersey Pinelands so fire prone? Why is wildfire so common across southern New Jersey?Wildfires have left an indelible mark on Ocean County over the years  testing the strength and preparedness of its communities.The latest blaze  the Jones Road fire  joins a history of significant wildfires that have impacted communities around the region.Jones Road fire  Ocean and Lacey townshipsApril 22-23  2025: The Jones Road wildfire is raging through Ocean and Lacey townships and has consumed an estimated 8 500 acres of woodland. Approximately 3 000 residents were evacuated. The fast-moving blaze posed a serious threat to over 1 300 structures in the affected areas  triggering a large-scale response from local and state firefighting agencies. MORE COVERAGE.Lakewood Country Club fireNov. 18-20  2024: The fire burned 35 acres in the area of Pine Park and the Lakewood Country Club. Initially  the wildfire threatened six structures; however none were evacuated  fire officials said. Clearstream Road was also closed at the height of the fire.Shotgun wildfire  JacksonNov. 6-8  2024: The Shotgun fire reached 350 acres and threaten six structures. It also closed Stump Tavern Road from Route 571 to Route 528.Fisher's Pit fire  BerkeleySept. 9-11  2024: The fire in the area of Fisher's Pit in Berkeley burned approximately 200 acres. It was deemed accidental after investigators determined the cause was a campfire that was not properly extinguished  authorities said.Whip-poor-will fire  Warren GroveJuly 16-17  2024: The fire at the Warren Grove Range of the New Jersey Air National Guard scorched 1 167 acres. The fire burned in a remote area of the forest and no structures were threatened.Wharton State Forest fireJuly 4-9  2024: The fire measured 4 300 acres in the area of the Batona Campground and Apple Pie Hill in Wharton State Forest. Early on  two structures were threatened by the wildfire: one residential structure and one hunting club. The blaze was started by a firework device that was lit inside the forest.Miller Air Park  LaceySept. 2-5  2023: An 883-acre wildfire was sparked by a single-engine plane crash. The pilot  Oscar Molina of Long Branch  was killed.City Line wildfire  ManchesterJune 9  2023: The wildfire ignited in Manchester Township  Ocean County  and spread into neighboring Pemberton and Woodland townships in Burlington County. It consumed 711 acres. It required the response of multiple fire departments and forestry services to bring it under control.Glory wildfire  JacksonJune 6-7  2023: The 82-acre wildfire burned in the area of East Commodore Boulevard and Cedar Swamp Road. Thirty structures that were at risk.Allen Road Wildfire  Bass River State ForestMay 31-June 3  2023: The blaze torched 5 475-acres  threatened six structures and about 40 people were evacuated from Timberline Campground.Stafford Forge Wildlife Management Area  Little Egg HarborApril 15-23  2023: The 200-acre wildfire raged through the Bass River State Forest  the Stafford Forge Wildlife Management Area and the Warren Grove Bombing Range. No evacuations were ordered and no residential buildings were threatened.Jimmy's Waterhole wildfire  ManchesterApril 11-13  2023: The fire spread across 3 859 acres in Ocean County  causing evacuations  road closures and threats to structures in the area. The fire started west of Route 539 on property of the Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst.Governor's Branch wildfire  Little Egg HarborMarch 7-8  2023: The fire started in a remote area of the Stafford Forge Wildlife Management Area off Route 539. It grew to 418 acres and threatened 16 homes.Brendan T. Byrne State Forest  ManchesterJune 27  2022: The fire burned 315 acres in the Brendan T. Byrne State Forest on the boundary of Manchester and Woodland townships.Whiting brush fire  ManchesterMay 17  2020: The fire burned 99 acres near Harry Wright Boulevard in Manchester.Jake's Branch fire  BerkeleyJune 2  2002: The fire in Berkeley left a trail of destruction in its wake. The Jake's Branch Fire spread rapidly  consuming 1 277 acres and caused substantial damage to residential areas. The intense blaze destroyed three homes and 15 outbuildings. An additional 18 homes and outbuildings sustained serious damage.Other Ocean County fires,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.02,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['significant Ocean County wildfires', 'Jones Road fire', 'history', 'Stafford Forge Wildlife Management Area', 'Brendan T. Byrne State Forest', 'New Jersey Air National Guard', 'Bass River State Forest', 'Warren Grove Bombing Range', 'Other Ocean County fires', 'Wharton State Forest fire', 'Lakewood Country Club fire', 'The Jones Road wildfire', 'New Jersey Pinelands', 'southern New Jersey', 'significant Ocean County wildfires', 'state firefighting agencies', 'Warren Grove Range', 'Miller Air Park', 'one hunting club', 'Apple Pie Hill', 'single-engine plane crash', 'East Commodore Boulevard', 'Little Egg Harbor', 'Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst', 'Harry Wright Boulevard', 'Stump Tavern Road', 'Cedar Swamp Road', 'one residential structure', 'Jones Road fire', 'City Line wildfire', 'multiple fire departments', 'Whiting brush fire', 'Allen Road Wildfire', 'The Shotgun fire', 'significant wildfires', 'Clearstream Road', 'road closures', 'Burlington County', 'Pine Park', 'Shotgun wildfire', 'The Jake', 'remote area', 'residential buildings', 'residential areas', 'indelible mark', 'serious threat', 'affected areas', 'MORE COVERAGE', 'Batona Campground', 'firework device', '883-acre wildfire', 'Oscar Molina', 'Long Branch', 'neighboring Pemberton', 'forestry services', 'Glory wildfire', '82-acre wildfire', 'Timberline Campground', '200-acre wildfire', 'Waterhole wildfire', 'Branch wildfire', 'substantial damage', 'serious damage', 'fire officials', 'Branch fire', 'Lacey townships', 'Woodland townships', 'three homes', 'additional 18 homes', 'six structures', 'two structures', 'Thirty structures', 'latest blaze', 'moving blaze', 'intense blaze', 'Show Caption', 'large-scale response', 'Pit fire', 'Manchester Township', '16 homes', '1,300 structures', 'history', 'years', 'strength', 'preparedness', 'communities', 'region', 'April', '8,500 acres', '3,000 residents', 'local', '35 acres', 'none', 'height', 'Jackson', '350 acres', 'Route', 'Fisher', 'Berkeley', '200 acres', 'investigators', 'cause', 'campfire', 'authorities', 'Whip', 'poor', '1,167 acres', '4,300 acres', 'pilot', 'June', '711 acres', 'control', 'risk', '5,475-acres', '40 people', 'evacuations', 'Jimmy', '3,859 acres', 'threats', 'property', 'Governor', '418 acres', '315 acres', 'boundary', '99 acres', 'trail', 'destruction', 'wake', '1,277 acres', '15 outbuildings']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,usatoday.com
50240,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-news-eckert-ziegler-signs-contract-manufacturing-agreement-for-yttrium-90-based-pentixather-with-pentixapharm-1034618759,EQS-News: Eckert & Ziegler Signs Contract Manufacturing Agreement for Yttrium-90-based PentixaTher with Pentixapharm,EQS-News: Eckert & Ziegler SE    / Key word (s): Agreement/Incoming Orders Eckert & Ziegler Signs Contract Manufacturing Agreement for Yttrium-90-based PentixaTher with Pentixapharm 24.04.2025 / 14:00 CET/CEST The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.,EQS-News: Eckert & Ziegler SE / Key word(s): Agreement/Incoming OrdersEckert & Ziegler Signs Contract Manufacturing Agreement for Yttrium-90-based PentixaTher with Pentixapharm24.04.2025 / 14:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Berlin  24 April 2025. Eckert & Ziegler Radiopharma GmbH (EZR)  a 100% subsidiary of Eckert & Ziegler SE  today announced the signing of a manufacturing agreement with Pentixapharm  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. Under the terms of the agreement  EZR will produce and distribute patient-specific doses of Y90-PentixaTher  Pentixapharm’s lead CXCR4-targeting radiotherapeutic  for use in clinical trials.Y90-PentixaTher is a radiolabeled peptide therapeutic designed to deliver targeted radiation to cancer cells that overexpress the CXCR4 receptor - commonly found in malignancies such as acute myeloid leukemia  lymphoma  myeloma and various solid tumors. Used alongside the radiodiagnostic Ga68-PentixaFor  it supports a theranostic approach that allows physicians to visualize the disease before and after treatment.As part of the newly signed agreement  EZR will manufacture Y90-PentixaTher under GMP conditions and manage the direct shipment of individual patient doses to trial sites. The agreement is limited to the clinical development phase and does not extend to commercial-scale manufacturing. Pentixapharm retains full strategic flexibility under this agreement to determine its future development and commercial supply.“With this agreement  we are proud to support the advancement of Pentixapharm’s clinical oncology program ” said Dr. Harald Hasselmann  CEO of Eckert & Ziegler SE (EZAG). “Reliable access to high-quality radioisotopes is critical for the development of next-generation radiopharmaceuticals  and we are pleased to contribute our manufacturing excellence to accelerate the delivery of innovative cancer therapies.”“Securing a reliable Y90-PentixaTher GMP production is a significant milestone for Pentixapharm ” said Dr. Dirk Pleimes  CEO of Pentixapharm AG. “This agreement marks a critical step in securing reliable clinical supply as we advance our targeted radiopharmaceutical therapies toward late-stage development.”About Eckert & ZieglerEckert & Ziegler SE  with more than 1 000 employees  is a leading specialist in isotope-related components for nuclear medicine and radiation therapy. The company offers a broad range of services and products for the radiopharmaceutical industry  from early development work to contract manufacturing and distribution. Eckert & Ziegler shares (ISIN DE0005659700) are listed in the TecDax index of Deutsche Börse.Contributing to saving livesAbout PentixapharmPentixapharm is a clinical-stage biotech company discovering and developing novel targeted radiopharmaceuticals with offices in Berlin and Würzburg  Germany. It is committed to developing ligand-based  first-in-class radiopharmaceuticals with strong differentiation and commercialization potential across high-need diagnostic and therapeutic areas. Its pipeline comprises CXCR4-targeted compounds in clinical development and a portfolio of early-stage radionuclide-antibody conjugates  aimed at treating hematologic malignancies  solid tumors  and diseases of the cardiovascular  endocrine  and immune systems.Contact:Eckert & Ziegler SERobert-Rössle-Str. 10  13125 Berlin  GermanyJan Schöpflin  Marketing / Karolin Riehle  Investor Relationsjan.schoepflin@ezag.com / karolin.riehle@ezag.comTel.: +49 (0) 30 / 94 10 84-138; www.ezag.comPentixapharm Holding AGPhillip Eckert  Investor Relationsir@pentixapharm.comTel. +49 30 94893232www.pentixapharm.com24.04.2025 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['Contract Manufacturing Agreement', 'Yttrium-90-based PentixaTher', 'EQS-News', 'Eckert', 'Ziegler', 'Pentixapharm', 'The EQS Distribution Services', 'Key word(s', 'lead CXCR4-targeting radiotherapeutic', 'acute myeloid leukemia', 'full strategic flexibility', 'Dr. Harald Hasselmann', 'Dr. Dirk Pleimes', 'Deutsche Börse', 'early-stage radionuclide-antibody conjugates', 'Jan Schöpflin', 'clinical oncology program', 'radiolabeled peptide therapeutic', 'individual patient doses', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'clinical-stage biotech company', 'early development work', 'Ziegler Radiopharma GmbH', 'various solid tumors', 'innovative cancer therapies', 'Investor Relations jan', 'novel targeted radiopharmaceuticals', 'clinical development phase', 'reliable clinical supply', 'Pentixapharm Holding AG', 'Contract Manufacturing Agreement', 'clinical trials', 'patient-specific doses', 'targeted radiation', 'cancer cells', 'commercial supply', 'radiopharmaceutical therapies', 'therapeutic areas', 'Reliable access', 'next-generation radiopharmaceuticals', 'class radiopharmaceuticals', 'EQS News', 'EQS Group', 'future development', 'late-stage development', 'Ziegler SE', 'Incoming Orders', 'Yttrium-90-based PentixaTher', 'CXCR4 receptor', 'radiodiagnostic Ga68-PentixaFor', 'theranostic approach', 'GMP conditions', 'direct shipment', 'trial sites', 'commercial-scale manufacturing', 'high-quality radioisotopes', 'manufacturing excellence', 'GMP production', 'significant milestone', 'critical step', 'leading specialist', 'isotope-related components', 'nuclear medicine', 'radiation therapy', 'broad range', 'radiopharmaceutical industry', 'Ziegler shares', 'TecDax index', 'Würzburg', 'strong differentiation', 'commercialization potential', 'high-need diagnostic', 'CXCR4-targeted compounds', 'cardiovascular, endocrine', 'immune systems', 'Robert-Rössle-Str.', 'Karolin Riehle', 'karolin.riehle', 'Corporate News', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'Press Releases', 'Pentixapharm AG', 'reliable Y90-PentixaTher', 'hematologic malignancies', 'CEST Dissemination', 'Ziegler Eckert', 'Phillip Eckert', 'EQS-News', '14:00 CET', 'issuer', 'content', 'Berlin', '24 April', 'EZR', '100% subsidiary', 'signing', 'terms', 'use', 'lymphoma', 'myeloma', 'physicians', 'disease', 'treatment', 'part', 'advancement', 'CEO', 'EZAG', 'delivery', '1,000 employees', 'products', 'ISIN', 'lives', 'offices', 'Germany', 'ligand-based', 'pipeline', 'portfolio', 'Contact', 'Marketing', 'schoepflin', 'Tel.', 'Archive', '49']",2025-04-24,2025-04-24,markets.businessinsider.com
50241,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-news-pentixapharm-signs-contract-manufacturing-agreement-for-yttrium-90-based-pentixather-with-eckert-ziegler-se-1034618763,EQS-News: Pentixapharm Signs Contract Manufacturing Agreement for Yttrium-90-based PentixaTher with Eckert & Ziegler SE,Pentixapharm  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced the signing of a manufacturing agreement with Eckert & Ziegler Radiopharma GmbH (EZR)  a 100% subsidiary of Eckert & Ziegler SE.,"EQS-News: Pentixapharm Holding AG / Key word(s): ContractPentixapharm Signs Contract Manufacturing Agreement for Yttrium-90-based PentixaTher with Eckert & Ziegler SE24.04.2025 / 14:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Berlin  Germany  April 24  2025 – Pentixapharm  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced the signing of a manufacturing agreement with Eckert & Ziegler Radiopharma GmbH (EZR)  a 100% subsidiary of Eckert & Ziegler SE. Under the terms of the agreement  EZR will produce and distribute patient-specific doses of Y90-PentixaTher  Pentixapharm’s lead CXCR4-targeting radiotherapeutic  for use in clinical trials.Y90-PentixaTher is a radiolabeled peptide designed to deliver targeted radiation to cancer cells that overexpress the CXCR4 receptor - commonly found in malignancies such as acute myeloid leukemia  lymphoma  myeloma and various solid tumors. The compound is labeled with Yttrium-90  a high-energy beta emitting radionuclide with deeper tissue penetration and a shorter physical half-life (64 hours) compared to Lutetium-177  enabling effective tumor irradiation with controlled therapeutic duration. Used alongside the radiodiagnostic Ga68-PentixaFor  it supports a theranostic approach that allows physicians to visualize the disease before and after treatment.As part of the newly signed agreement  EZR will manufacture Y90-PentixaTher under GMP conditions and manage the direct shipment of individual patient doses to trial sites. The agreement is limited to the clinical development phase and does not extend to commercial-scale manufacturing. Pentixapharm retains full strategic flexibility under this agreement to determine its future development and commercial supply.“With this agreement  we are proud to support the advancement of Pentixapharm’s clinical oncology program ” said Dr. Harald Hasselmann  CEO of Eckert & Ziegler SE (EZAG). “Reliable access to high-quality radioisotopes is critical for the development of next-generation radiopharmaceuticals and we are pleased to contribute our manufacturing excellence to accelerate the delivery of innovative cancer therapies.”""Securing a reliable Y90-PentixaTher GMP production is a significant milestone for Pentixapharm "" said Dr. Dirk Pleimes  CEO of Pentixapharm AG. ""This agreement marks a critical step as we advance our targeted radiopharmaceutical therapies toward late-stage development.""About PentixapharmPentixapharm is a clinical-stage biotech company discovering and developing novel targeted radiopharmaceuticals with offices in Berlin and Würzburg  Germany. It is committed to developing ligand-based  first-in-class radiopharmaceuticals with strong differentiation and commercialization potential across high-need diagnostic and therapeutic areas. Its pipeline comprises CXCR4-targeted compounds in clinical development and a portfolio of early-stage radionuclide-antibody conjugates  aimed at treating hematologic malignancies  solid tumors  and diseases of the cardiovascular  endocrine  and immune systems.About Eckert & ZieglerEckert & Ziegler SE  with more than 1 000 employees  is a leading specialist in isotope-related components for nuclear medicine and radiation therapy. The company offers a broad range of services and products for the radiopharmaceutical industry  from early development work to contract manufacturing and distribution. Eckert & Ziegler shares (ISIN DE0005659700) are listed in the TecDax index of Deutsche Börse.Contributing to saving lives.Contact:Pentixapharm Holding AGPhillip Eckert  Investor Relationsir@pentixapharm.comTel. +49 30 94893232www.pentixapharm.comEckert & Ziegler SERobert-Rössle-Str. 10  13125 Berlin  GermanyJan Schöpflin  Marketing / Karolin Riehle  Investor Relationsjan.schoepflin@ezag.com / karolin.riehle@ezag.comTel.: +49 (0) 30 / 94 10 84-138; www.ezag.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.65,0.34,0.01,True,English,"['Contract Manufacturing Agreement', 'Yttrium-90-based PentixaTher', 'Ziegler SE', 'EQS-News', 'Pentixapharm', 'Eckert', 'shorter physical half-life (64 hours', 'Key word(s', 'lead CXCR4-targeting radiotherapeutic', 'acute myeloid leukemia', 'high-energy beta emitting', 'deeper tissue penetration', 'effective tumor irradiation', 'full strategic flexibility', 'Dr. Harald Hasselmann', 'Dr. Dirk Pleimes', 'early-stage radionuclide-antibody conjugates', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Jan Schöpflin', 'controlled therapeutic duration', 'individual patient doses', 'clinical oncology program', 'innovative cancer therapies', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'clinical-stage biotech company', 'targeted radiopharmaceutical therapies', 'early development work', 'Ziegler Radiopharma GmbH', 'various solid tumors', 'novel targeted radiopharmaceuticals', 'Investor Relations jan', 'clinical development phase', 'Pentixapharm Holding AG', 'Contract Manufacturing Agreement', 'targeted radiation', 'patient-specific doses', 'clinical trials', 'cancer cells', 'therapeutic areas', 'radiopharmaceutical industry', 'next-generation radiopharmaceuticals', 'class radiopharmaceuticals', 'future development', 'late-stage development', 'Ziegler SE', 'Ziegler shares', 'Pentixapharm AG', 'Yttrium-90-based PentixaTher', 'radiolabeled peptide', 'CXCR4 receptor', 'radiodiagnostic Ga68-PentixaFor', 'theranostic approach', 'GMP conditions', 'direct shipment', 'trial sites', 'commercial-scale manufacturing', 'commercial supply', 'Reliable access', 'high-quality radioisotopes', 'manufacturing excellence', 'GMP production', 'significant milestone', 'critical step', 'Würzburg', 'strong differentiation', 'commercialization potential', 'high-need diagnostic', 'CXCR4-targeted compounds', 'cardiovascular, endocrine', 'immune systems', 'leading specialist', 'isotope-related components', 'nuclear medicine', 'radiation therapy', 'broad range', 'TecDax index', 'Robert-Rössle-Str.', 'Karolin Riehle', 'karolin.riehle', 'hematologic malignancies', 'Ziegler Eckert', 'reliable Y90-PentixaTher', 'Phillip Eckert', 'EQS-News', '14:00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Berlin', 'Germany', 'April', 'signing', 'EZR', '100% subsidiary', 'terms', 'use', 'lymphoma', 'myeloma', 'Lutetium', 'physicians', 'disease', 'treatment', 'part', 'advancement', 'CEO', 'EZAG', 'delivery', 'offices', 'ligand-based', 'pipeline', 'portfolio', '1,000 employees', 'services', 'products', 'distribution', 'ISIN', 'lives', 'Contact', 'Tel.', 'Marketing', 'schoepflin', '49']",2025-04-24,2025-04-24,markets.businessinsider.com
50242,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://invezz.com/news/2025/04/24/dax-index-analysis-ahead-of-deutsche-bank-and-adidas-earnings/,DAX Index analysis ahead of Deutsche Bank and Adidas earnings,DAX Index has staged a strong comeback in the past few weeks and is closing in on its all-time high as European stocks became a safer haven,DAX Index has staged a strong comeback in the past few weeks and is closing in on its all-time high as European stocks became a safer haven,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.69,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['DAX Index analysis', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Adidas earnings', 'DAX Index', 'strong comeback', 'European stocks', 'safer haven', 'past', 'weeks']",2025-04-24,2025-04-24,invezz.com
50243,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/04/23/euronext-otcernxy-shares-up-0-2-heres-what-happened/,Euronext (OTC:ERNXY) Shares Up 0.2% – Here’s What Happened,Euronext NV (OTC:ERNXY – Get Free Report)’s stock price rose 0.2% during trading on Tuesday . The company traded as high as $31.00 and last traded at $31.00. Approximately 439 shares changed hands during mid-day trading  a decline of 80% from the average dail…,Euronext NV (OTC:ERNXY – Get Free Report)’s stock price rose 0.2% during trading on Tuesday . The company traded as high as $31.00 and last traded at $31.00. Approximately 439 shares changed hands during mid-day trading  a decline of 80% from the average daily volume of 2 154 shares. The stock had previously closed at $30.95.Euronext Trading Up 0.2 %The business has a 50-day simple moving average of $27.60.About Euronext(Get Free Report)Euronext N.V.  together with its subsidiaries  operates securities and derivatives exchanges in Continental Europe  Ireland  and Norway. The company offers a range of exchange and corporate services  including security listings  cash and derivatives trading  and market data dissemination. It also provides listing venues and cash equities trading venues; and various marketplaces  including multilateral trading facilities for investors  broker-dealers  and other market participants to meet directly to buy and sell cash equities  fixed income securities  and exchange traded products.Featured ArticlesReceive News & Ratings for Euronext Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Euronext and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext', 'OTC', 'ERNXY', '50-day simple moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'cash equities trading venues', 'average daily volume', 'market data dissemination', 'other market participants', 'concise daily summary', 'Get Free Report', 'multilateral trading facilities', 'fixed income securities', 'Euronext N.V.', 'listing venues', 'email address', 'Euronext Daily', 'mid-day trading', 'derivatives trading', 'derivatives exchanges', 'Continental Europe', 'corporate services', 'security listings', 'various marketplaces', 'Featured Articles', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'Euronext NV', 'stock price', 'latest news', 'OTC', 'ERNXY', 'Tuesday', 'company', '439 shares', 'hands', 'decline', '2,154 shares', 'business', 'subsidiaries', 'Ireland', 'Norway', 'range', 'investors', 'broker-dealers', 'traded', 'products', 'Ratings', 'analysts']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,etfdailynews.com
50244,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/23/3066070/0/en/Heineken-N-V-successfully-places-900-million-of-Notes.html,Heineken N.V. successfully places €900 million of Notes,Heineken N.V. successfully places €900 million of Notes  Amsterdam  23 April 2025 - Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) announced that it has......,"Heineken N.V. successfully places €900 million of NotesAmsterdam  23 April 2025 - Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) announced that it has successfully placed €900 million of 7.5-year Notes with a coupon of 3.276% yesterday.The Notes will be issued under the Company's Euro Medium Term Note Programme and will be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.The proceeds from the Notes issuance will be used for general corporate purposes  including debt repayments. The maturity date of the Notes is 29 October 2032.ABN Amro  Barclays  HSBC  ING and Santander acted as active book runners.EnquiriesMedia Investors Christiaan Prins Tristan van Strien Director of Global Communication Global Director of Investor Relations Marlie Paauw Lennart Scholtus / Chris Steyn Corporate Communications Lead Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239355 E-mail: investors@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239590Regulatory informationThis press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligations as set out in Article 5(1)(b) Regulation (EU) 596/2014 and Article 2(2) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 that contains technical standards for buyback programs.Editorial information:HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 340 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 85 000 employees  we brew the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. Our dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on our Company's website and follow us on LinkedIn and Instagram.",neutral,0.13,0.86,0.0,positive,0.68,0.32,0.0,True,English,"['Heineken N.V.', 'Notes', 'Media Investors Christiaan Prins Tristan van Strien Director', 'Chris Steyn Corporate Communications Lead Investor Relations Manager', 'Euro Medium Term Note Programme', 'Global Communication Global Director', 'Marlie Paauw Lennart Scholtus', 'general corporate purposes', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'active book runners', 'Senior Analyst E', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'other production facilities', 'long-term brand investment', 'Most recent information', 'Article 5(1)(b) Regulation', 'Heineken N.V.', 'Regulatory information', 'Editorial information', 'Heineken® brand', 'debt repayments', 'maturity date', 'ABN Amro', 'press release', 'reporting obligations', 'technical standards', 'buyback programs', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'true togetherness', 'sales execution', 'cost management', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'non-alcoholic beer', '7.5-year Notes', 'Notes issuance', 'Better World', 'Amsterdam', '23 April', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIA', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', 'coupon', 'Company', 'proceeds', '29 October', 'Barclays', 'HSBC', 'Santander', 'Enquiries', 'mail', 'pressoffice', 'connection', 'disclosure', 'marketer', 'premium', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', '85,000 employees', 'joy', 'dream', 'future', 'hearts', 'consumers', 'innovation', 'focused', 'sustainability', 'business', 'developed', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'website', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,globenewswire.com
50245,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://financialpost.com/globe-newswire/otc-markets-group-welcomes-onward-medical-n-v-to-otcqx,OTC Markets Group Welcomes ONWARD Medical N.V. to OTCQX,NEW YORK  April 23  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — OTC Markets Group Inc. (OTCQX: OTCM)  operator of regulated markets for trading 12 000 U.S. and international securities  today announced ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext Brussels: ONWD; OTCQX: ONWRF  ONWRY)  a medical…,NEW YORK  April 23  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — OTC Markets Group Inc. (OTCQX: OTCM)  operator of regulated markets for trading 12 000 U.S. and international securities  today announced ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext Brussels: ONWD; OTCQX: ONWRF  ONWRY)  a medical…,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'OTC Markets Group', 'OTCQX', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'OTC Markets Group Inc.', 'regulated markets', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', '12,000 U.S.', 'international securities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'OTCQX', 'OTCM', 'operator', 'trading', 'ONWD', 'ONWRF', 'ONWRY']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,financialpost.com
50246,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/23/3066226/0/en/OTC-Markets-Group-Welcomes-ONWARD-Medical-N-V-to-OTCQX.html,OTC Markets Group Welcomes ONWARD Medical N.V. to OTCQX,NEW YORK  April 23  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- OTC Markets Group Inc. (OTCQX: OTCM)  operator of regulated markets for trading 12 000 U.S. and international securities  today announced ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext Brussels: ONWD; OTCQX: ONWRF  ONWRY)  a medica…,"NEW YORK  April 23  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- OTC Markets Group Inc. (OTCQX: OTCM)  operator of regulated markets for trading 12 000 U.S. and international securities  today announced ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext Brussels: ONWD; OTCQX: ONWRF  ONWRY)  a medical technology company creating innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and other movement disabilities now trades on the OTCQX market.ONWARD Medical N.V. begins trading today on OTCQX under the symbols “ONWRF and ONWRY.” US investors can find current financial disclosure and Real-Time Level 2 quotes for the company on www.otcmarkets.com.""We are pleased to expand access to US investors  many of whom have expressed interest in supporting ONWARD after learning about our mission to help people with spinal cord injury "" said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD Medical. ""Trading on OTCQX provides greater visibility and the opportunity for improved liquidity. We have also established a sponsored Level 1 ADR program to facilitate ease of trading for qualified US financial institutions  with our ADRs also trading on OTCQX. Broader US investor participation is an important step in our journey to a potential US IPO.""""We are proud to announce the addition of ONWARD Medical to the OTCQX Market "" said Jason Paltrowitz  EVP of Corporate Services at OTC Markets. ""This milestone not only marks a significant achievement for the company but also highlights the interplay between the European capital markets and U.S. investors seeking new investment opportunities.""Upgrading to the OTCQX Market is an important step for companies seeking to provide transparent trading for their U.S. investors. For companies listed on a qualified international exchange  streamlined market standards enable them to utilize their home market reporting to make their information available in the U.S. To qualify for OTCQX  companies must meet high financial standards  follow best practice corporate governance and demonstrate compliance with applicable securities laws.ONWARD has also established a Level 1 ADR program to facilitate trading by qualified financial institutions. BNY acts as the depositary bank and transfer agent for the Company’s ADR program  with one ADR representing one ordinary share. The Company’s ADRs can also be traded on OTCQX under the ticker symbol ONWRY.About OTC Markets Group Inc.OTC Markets Group Inc. (OTCQX: OTCM) operates regulated markets for trading 12 000 U.S. and international securities. Our data-driven disclosure standards form the foundation of our three public markets: OTCQX® Best Market  OTCQB® Venture Market and Pink® Open Market.Our OTC Link® Alternative Trading Systems (ATSs) provide critical market infrastructure that broker-dealers rely on to facilitate trading. Our innovative model offers companies more efficient access to the U.S. financial markets.OTC Link ATS  OTC Link ECN  OTC Link NQB  and MOON ATS™ are each an SEC regulated ATS  operated by OTC Link LLC  a FINRA and SEC registered broker-dealer  member SIPC.To learn more about how we create better informed and more efficient markets  visit www.otcmarkets.com.Subscribe to the OTC Markets RSS FeedAbout ONWARD MedicalONWARD Medical is a medical technology company creating therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with SCI and other movement disabilities. Building on more than a decade of scientific discovery  preclinical research  and clinical studies conducted at leading hospitals  rehabilitation clinics  and neuroscience laboratories  the Company has developed ARC Therapy  which has been awarded ten Breakthrough Device Designations from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The Company’s ARC-EX System is now cleared for commercial sale in the US. In addition  the Company is developing an investigational implantable system called ARC-IM with and without an implanted brain-computer interface (BCI).Headquartered in the Netherlands  the Company has a Science and Engineering Center in Switzerland and a US office in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company is listed on Euronext Paris  Brussels  and Amsterdam (ticker: ONWD).For more information  visit ONWD.com and connect with us on LinkedIn and YouTube.To be kept informed about the Company’s technologies  research studies  and the availability of therapies in your area  please complete this webform.Media Contacts:For OTC Markets Group Inquiries:media@otcmarkets.com+1 (212) 896-4428For ONWARD Media Inquiries:media@onwd.comFor ONWARD Investor Inquiries:investors@onwd.com",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,positive,0.67,0.33,0.0,True,English,"['ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'OTC Markets Group', 'OTCQX', 'OTC Link® Alternative Trading Systems', 'innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies', 'ten Breakthrough Device Designations', 'SEC registered broker-dealer, member', 'OTC Markets Group Inc.', 'OTC Markets RSS Feed', 'best practice corporate governance', 'OTC Markets Group Inquiries', 'Broader US investor participation', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'qualified US financial institutions', 'U.S. financial markets', 'spinal cord injury', 'qualified financial institutions', 'OTC Link ECN', 'OTC Link NQB', 'OTC Link LLC', 'OTC Link ATS', 'current financial disclosure', 'high financial standards', 'ONWARD Investor Inquiries', 'European capital markets', 'three public markets', 'Real-Time Level 2 quotes', 'data-driven disclosure standards', 'qualified international exchange', 'streamlined market standards', 'home market reporting', 'OTCQB® Venture Market', 'Pink® Open Market', 'critical market infrastructure', 'potential US IPO', 'new investment opportunities', 'one ordinary share', 'SEC regulated ATS', 'investigational implantable system', 'applicable securities laws', 'ONWARD Media Inquiries', 'Level 1 ADR program', 'other movement disabilities', 'U.S. investors', 'OTCQX® Best Market', 'medical technology company', 'regulated markets', 'innovative model', '12,000 U.S.', 'efficient markets', 'US investors', 'Corporate Services', 'one ADR', 'international securities', 'MOON ATS™', 'NEW YORK', 'US Food', 'ARC-EX System', 'US office', 'Media Contacts', 'OTCQX market', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Dave Marver', 'greater visibility', 'important step', 'Jason Paltrowitz', 'significant achievement', 'depositary bank', 'transfer agent', 'a decade', 'scientific discovery', 'preclinical research', 'clinical studies', 'leading hospitals', 'rehabilitation clinics', 'neuroscience laboratories', 'ARC Therapy', 'Drug Administration', 'commercial sale', 'brain-computer interface', 'Engineering Center', 'Euronext Paris', 'research studies', 'transparent trading', 'Euronext Brussels', 'ticker symbol', 'efficient access', 'ONWD.com', 'The Company', 'OTCM', 'operator', 'ONWRF', 'ONWRY', 'function', 'independence', 'people', 'symbols', 'interest', 'mission', 'CEO', 'opportunity', 'liquidity', 'ease', 'ADRs', 'journey', 'addition', 'EVP', 'milestone', 'interplay', 'Upgrading', 'companies', 'information', 'compliance', 'BNY', 'foundation', 'ATSs', 'broker-dealers', 'FINRA', 'SIPC', 'informed', 'FDA', 'BCI', 'Netherlands', 'Switzerland', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'Amsterdam', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'technologies', 'availability', 'area', 'webform']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,globenewswire.com
50247,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4126833.html,Take Off! Challenge 2025: a New Local Approach to Shape a More Inclusive Hospitality,Today  Accor launches the renewed 14th edition of the Take Off! Student Challenge. In 2025  we are taking a transformative step forward by bringing the competition closer to local markets  ensuring greater inclusivity  accessibility  and real-world impact.,Today  Accor launches the renewed 14th edition of the Take Off! Student Challenge. In 2025  we are taking a transformative step forward by bringing the competition closer to local markets  ensuring greater inclusivity  accessibility  and real-world impact.For over 13 years  Accor’s Take Off! Student Challenge has been a global stage for innovation  inspiring students to rethink the future of hospitality through bold and visionary ideas. By engaging directly with our teams on the ground  participants gain invaluable insights and hands-on experience  preparing them for careers in the dynamic world of hospitality operations. To date  nearly 6 500 students from diverse backgrounds across 5 continents have taken part in the initiative.This year  Take Off! is evolving into a locally driven competition  replacing the global English-language format with country-specific challenges conducted in local languages across a pilot group of countries  including Switzerland  Germany  Austria  Brazil  China  Colombia  Argentina  Peru  Chile  and Mexico  etc. This shift is designed to break down barriers  making participation more accessible to a broader and more varied pool of students worldwide. More than just a competition  Take Off! 2025 is an opportunity for students to immerse themselves in real-life hospitality challenges and discover the industry firsthand  ensuring that every idea proposed is concrete  actionable  and deeply connected to the day-to-day reality of hospitality.The 2025 edition of Take Off! challenges students to develop innovative initiatives that enhance accessibility and inclusivity across Accor hotels  guaranteeing that every guest feels truly welcomed. At Accor  accessibility and inclusivity are at the core of our mission  with the Paris 2024 Games having served as a catalyst for improving how we accommodate travelers with disabilities. More than 400 Accor hotels have been certified under the French government’s “Tourisme & Handicap” certification  verifying that our hotels address the specific needs of all guests by offering a high-quality accessibility approach and promoting inclusive tourism. By encouraging students to rethink accessibility in our hotels  we aim to foster innovative solutions that break down barriers and enhance the guest experience for individuals with diverse needs. This business case reflects our deep commitment to creating a more inclusive and welcoming hospitality industry for all.At Accor  we believe that the future of hospitality lies also in the hands of the next generation. By localizing the Take Off! Challenge  we are not only empowering students to develop real-world solutions but also reinforcing our commitment to accessibility and inclusion. Hospitality should be welcoming to all  and through this initiative  we are paving the way for a more inclusive future. Laurence Dambrine  Chief Talent & Culture Officer at AccorAbout Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world-leading hospitality group offering stays and experiences across more than 110 countries with over 5 600 hotels and resorts  10 000 bars & restaurants  wellness facilities and flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing around 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. ALL  the booking platform and loyalty program embodies the Accor promise during and beyond the hotel stay and gives its members access to unique experiences. Accor is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity  and inclusivity. Accor's mission is reflected in the Group's purpose: Pioneering the art of responsible hospitality  connecting cultures  with heartfelt care. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France. Included in the CAC 40 index  the Group is publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.11,0.78,0.1,positive,0.66,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['New Local Approach', 'More Inclusive Hospitality', 'Challenge', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'global English-language format', 'real-life hospitality challenges', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'high-quality accessibility approach', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'welcoming hospitality industry', 'Paris 2024 Games', 'global stage', 'country-specific challenges', 'diverse backgrounds', 'diverse needs', 'hospitality operations', 'responsible hospitality', 'transformative step', 'local markets', 'real-world impact', 'visionary ideas', 'invaluable insights', 'dynamic world', 'local languages', 'varied pool', 'innovative initiatives', 'French government', 'specific needs', 'innovative solutions', 'business case', 'next generation', 'real-world solutions', 'Laurence Dambrine', 'Chief Talent', 'Culture Officer', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', '45 hotel brands', 'booking platform', 'loyalty program', 'hotel stay', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'environmental sustainability', 'community engagement', 'heartfelt care', 'CAC 40 index', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'pilot group', 'Student Challenge', 'inclusive tourism', '14th edition', 'deep commitment', 'Take Off', 'unique experiences', 'The Group', 'Accor promise', 'Accor SA', 'accor.com', 'greater inclusivity', 'guest experience', 'inclusive future', 'Accor hotels', '2025 edition', '5,600 hotels', 'competition', '13 years', 'innovation', 'students', 'bold', 'teams', 'participants', 'hands', 'careers', 'date', '5 continents', 'countries', 'Switzerland', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'Brazil', 'China', 'Colombia', 'Argentina', 'Peru', 'Chile', 'Mexico', 'shift', 'barriers', 'participation', 'broader', 'opportunity', 'day', 'reality', 'core', 'mission', 'catalyst', 'travelers', 'disabilities', 'More', 'Tourisme', 'Handicap', 'certification', 'guests', 'individuals', 'inclusion', 'way', 'stays', 'resorts', '10,000 bars', 'restaurants', 'luxury', 'economy', 'Lifestyle', 'members', 'diversity', 'purpose', 'cultures', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'TikTok']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,hospitalitynet.org
50248,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/23/3066654/0/en/Sogeclair-availability-of-the-2024-uinversal-regsitration-document-including-the-annual-financial-report.html,Sogeclair: availability of the 2024 uinversal regsitration document including the annual financial report,AVAILABILITY OF THE 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT INCLUDING THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT  Blagnac  France  23rd of April 2025  after closing of...,"AVAILABILITY OF THE 2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENTINCLUDING THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORTBlagnac  France  23rd of April 2025  after closing of the Stock Market.The SOGECLAIR Universal Registration Document for fiscal year ending December 31  2024 has been filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on April 18th  2025 under the number D.25-0285.The Universal Registration Document including the 2024 Annual Financial Report also includes:The annual management report The 2024 annual financial statements and the 2024 consolidated financial statements;The statutory auditors' reports on the 2024 annual financial statements  on the 2024 consolidated financial statements and on regulated agreements;The report on corporate governance;The non-financial performance statement  as well as the related review report;Information relating to the next Combined General Meeting of Shareholders on May 15  2025.The Universal Registration Document can be consulted on the following websites:of the Company (www.sogeclair.com)  under the heading ""Investors / Shareholders information"";the AMF (www.amf-France.org).It is also available to the public  free of charge and on request:At the Company's registered office located at 7 avenue Albert Durand - 31703 BLAGNAC Cedex.Next announcement: turnover for Q1 2025  on April 30th 2025 after closing of the Stock MarketAbout SOGECLAIRSupplier of innovative high added-value solutions for safer and less-consuming mobility  SOGECLAIR brings its skills in high-quality engineering and production to a broad range of cutting-edge sectors notably aeronautics  space  vehicle  rail and defense. Supporting its customers and partners from the design and simulation stages through to the end of the product’s lifetime  all along the production chain through to entry into service  the collaborators are working worldwide to offer a high-quality and proximity service to all its customers.SOGECLAIR is listed on Euronext Growth Paris - Indice Euronext® Family Business -Code ISIN: FR0000065864 / (Reuters SCLR.PA – Bloomberg SOG.FP)Contacts: Alexandre ROBARDEY Chairman of the Board / Philippe BREL. Chief Executive Officer / +33(0)5 61 71 71 01Press contact: Charlène CHAIX / Executive assistant / charlene.chaix @sogeclair.com / +33(0)5 61 71 71 01Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['2024 uinversal regsitration document', 'annual financial report', 'Sogeclair', 'availability', 'innovative high added-value solutions', 'Indice Euronext® Family Business', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'next Combined General Meeting', 'The Universal Registration Document', 'SOGECLAIR Universal Registration Document', 'ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT Blagnac', '2024 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT', 'Euronext Growth Paris', '2024 annual financial statements', '2024 Annual Financial Report', '2024 consolidated financial statements', 'financial performance statement', 'annual management report', ""statutory auditors' reports"", '7 avenue Albert Durand', 'Alexandre ROBARDEY Chairman', 'related review report', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Charlène CHAIX', '31703 BLAGNAC Cedex', 'Next announcement', 'Executive assistant', 'Stock Market', 'fiscal year', 'regulated agreements', 'corporate governance', 'following websites', 'registered office', 'less-consuming mobility', 'broad range', 'cutting-edge sectors', 'simulation stages', 'Reuters SCLR', 'Bloomberg SOG', 'Philippe BREL', 'Press contact', 'April 18th', 'April 30th', 'sogeclair.com', 'high-quality engineering', 'production chain', 'proximity service', 'Shareholders information', 'AVAILABILITY', 'France', 'closing', 'December', 'AMF', 'number', 'May', 'Company', 'heading', 'Investors', 'org', 'public', 'charge', 'request', 'turnover', 'Q1', 'Supplier', 'safer', 'skills', 'aeronautics', 'space', 'vehicle', 'rail', 'defense', 'customers', 'partners', 'design', 'end', 'lifetime', 'entry', 'collaborators', 'Code', 'ISIN', 'FP', 'Contacts', 'Board', 'charlene', 'Attachment']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,globenewswire.com
50249,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/23/3066662/0/en/Transgene-to-Provide-Updated-Phase-I-Data-in-a-Rapid-Oral-Presentation-on-Individualized-Therapeutic-Cancer-Vaccine-TG4050-at-ASCO-2025.html,Transgene to Provide Updated Phase I Data in a Rapid Oral Presentation on Individualized Therapeutic Cancer Vaccine TG4050 at ASCO 2025,Strasbourg  France  April 23  2025  5:45 p.m. CET – Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer  will be delivering a rapid oral presentation of randomized Phase I trial …,Strasbourg  France  April 23  2025  5:45 p.m. CET – Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer  will be delivering a rapid oral presentation of randomized Phase I trial data of individualized neoantigen therapeutic cancer vaccine TG4050 in head and neck cancer at the 2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO).A rapid oral presentation is part of a formal session  with a six-minute oral presentation format. It aims at sharing clinical data that stood out among many submissions.The company will also present a poster on randomized Phase II data of TG4001 in combination with avelumab in the cervical cancer subgroup.The 2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO)  annual meeting will take place in Chicago from May 30 to June 3  2025.TG4050— Rapid oral presentation details:Title: “Randomized Phase I trial of adjuvant personalized cancer vaccine TG4050 in resected locally advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) patients.”Session title : Rapid Oral Abstract Session: Rapid Oral Abstract Session Date and Time : Sunday  June 1  12:06 p.m. CDT: Sunday  June 1  12:06 p.m. CDT First Author : Prof. C. Le Tourneau: Prof. C. Le Tourneau Abstract Number : 6016TG4050 is an individualized neoantigen therapeutic cancer vaccine being developed for solid tumors which is based on Transgene’s myvac® technology and powered by NEC’s longstanding artificial intelligence and machine learning expertise. TG4050 is being evaluated in a randomized multicenter Phase I/II clinical trial as a single agent in the adjuvant treatment of HPV-negative head and neck cancers (NCT04183166). Transgene intends to present 24-month follow-up data from patients enrolled in the Phase I part of the trial. Patients are currently being enrolled in the Phase II part of this trial.TG4001— Poster presentation details:Title: “Randomized Phase II trial evaluating the combination of TG4001  an HPV16 therapeutic cancer vaccine and avelumab in patients with immunotherapy-naïve recurrent and/or metastatic (R/M) HPV16-positive cervical or anogenital cancer.”Session title : Developmental Therapeutics ̶ Immunotherapy: Developmental Therapeutics ̶ Immunotherapy Date and Time : Monday  June 2  1:30 p.m. CDT: Monday  June 2  1:30 p.m. CDT First author : Prof. C. Le Tourneau: Prof. C. Le Tourneau Abstract number : 2638The abstracts will be available on the ASCO website on May 22  2025  at 5 p.m. ET.***About TransgeneTransgene (Euronext: TNG) is a biotechnology company focused on designing and developing targeted immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. The Company’s clinical-stage programs consist of a portfolio of viral vector-based immunotherapeutics. TG4050  the first individualized therapeutic vaccine based on the myvac® platform is the Company’s lead asset  with demonstrated proof of principle in patients in the adjuvant treatment of head and neck cancers. The portfolio also includes other viral-vector-based immunotherapies: TG4001 for the treatment of HPV-positive cancers  as well as BT-001 and TG6050  two oncolytic viruses based on the Invir.IO® viral backbone. The Company also conducts innovative discovery and preclinical work  aimed at developing novel viral vector-based modalities.With Transgene’s myvac® platform  therapeutic vaccination enters the field of precision medicine with a novel immunotherapy that is fully tailored to each individual. The myvac® approach allows the generation of a virus-based immunotherapy that encodes patient-specific mutations identified and selected by Artificial Intelligence capabilities provided by its partner NEC.With its proprietary platform Invir.IO®  Transgene is building on its viral vector engineering expertise to design a new generation of multifunctional oncolytic viruses.Additional information about Transgene is available at: www.transgene.frFollow us on social media: X (formerly Twitter): @TransgeneSA — LinkedIn: @Transgene — Bluesky: @BlueskyContactsMedia: Investors & Analysts: Caroline Tosch Lucie Larguier Corporate and Scientific Communications Manager Chief Financial Officer (CFO) +33 (0)3 68 33 27 38 Nadege Bartoli communication@transgene.fr Investor Relations Analystand Financial Communications Officer MEDiSTRAVA +33 (0)3 88 27 91 00/03 Frazer Hall/Sylvie Berrebi investorrelations@transgene.fr + 44 (0)203 928 6900 transgene@medistrava.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements  which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a significant negative outcome for the Company’s activities  perspectives  financial situation  results  regulatory authorities’ agreement with development phases  and development. The Company’s ability to commercialize its products depends on but is not limited to the following factors: positive pre-clinical data may not be predictive of human clinical results  the success of clinical studies  the ability to obtain financing and/or partnerships for product manufacturing  development and commercialization  and marketing approval by government regulatory authorities. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company’s actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque”) section of the Universal Registration Document  available on the AMF website (http://www.amf-france.org) or on Transgene’s website (www.transgene.fr). Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Transgene undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.3,0.7,True,English,"['Individualized Therapeutic Cancer Vaccine TG4050', 'Phase I Data', 'Rapid Oral Presentation', 'Transgene', 'Updated', 'ASCO', 'Prof. C. Le Tourneau Abstract Number', 'randomized multicenter Phase I/II clinical trial', 'Caroline Tosch Lucie Larguier Corporate', 'individualized neoantigen therapeutic cancer vaccine', 'randomized Phase I trial data', 'Rapid Oral Abstract Session Date', 'adjuvant personalized cancer vaccine TG4050', 'first individualized therapeutic vaccine', 'Randomized Phase II trial', 'randomized Phase II data', 'HPV16 therapeutic cancer vaccine', 'viral vector engineering expertise', 'six-minute oral presentation format', 'Rapid oral presentation details', 'neck squamous cell carcinoma', 'novel viral vector-based modalities', 'Invir.IO® viral backbone', 'Phase I part', 'viral vector-based immunotherapeutics', 'Phase II part', 'machine learning expertise', '24-month follow-up data', 'positive pre-clinical data', 'cervical cancer subgroup', 'longstanding artificial intelligence', 'immunotherapy-naïve recurrent', 'R/M) HPV16-positive cervical', 'two oncolytic viruses', 'Artificial Intelligence capabilities', 'multifunctional oncolytic viruses', 'Scientific Communications Manager', 'Investor Relations Analyst', 'Sylvie Berrebi investorrelations', 'significant negative outcome', 'regulatory authorities’ agreement', 'Poster presentation details', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Financial Communications Officer', 'CDT First Author', 'other viral-vector-based immunotherapies', 'human clinical results', 'The myvac® approach', 'The 2025 American Society', 'therapeutic vaccination', 'neck cancer', 'Immunotherapy Date', 'anogenital cancer', 'Clinical Oncology', 'formal session', 'novel immunotherapy', 'financial situation', 'Session title', 'adjuvant treatment', 'virus-based immunotherapies', 'targeted immunotherapies', 'myvac® technology', 'myvac® platform', 'The Company', 'many submissions', 'annual meeting', 'solid tumors', 'single agent', 'Developmental Therapeutics', 'clinical-stage programs', 'lead asset', 'HPV-positive cancers', 'innovative discovery', 'preclinical work', 'precision medicine', 'patient-specific mutations', 'proprietary platform', 'Additional information', 'social media', 'Contacts Media', 'Nadege Bartoli', 'Frazer Hall', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'actual results', 'following factors', 'virus-based immunotherapy', 'biotech company', 'biotechnology company', 'Euronext Paris', 'advanced head', 'HPV-negative head', 'new generation', 'numerous risks', 'development phases', 'ASCO website', 'HNSCC) patients', 'Strasbourg', 'France', 'April', 'CET', 'Transgene', 'TNG', 'TG4001', 'combination', 'avelumab', 'place', 'Chicago', 'May', 'June', 'Time', 'Sunday', 'metastatic', 'Monday', 'abstracts', 'portfolio', 'proof', 'principle', 'BT', 'TG6050', 'field', 'partner', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Bluesky', 'Investors', 'Analysts', 'CFO', 'MEDiSTRAVA', 'Disclaimer', 'uncertainties', 'occurrence', 'activities', 'perspectives', 'ability', 'products', 'success', '5:45', '06']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,globenewswire.com
50250,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/23/3066667/0/en/JCDecaux-Information-concerning-the-availability-of-all-the-explanatory-documentation-to-the-Combined-General-Meeting-to-be-held-on-May-14-2025.html,JCDecaux : Information concerning the availability of all the explanatory documentation to the Combined General Meeting to be held on May 14  2025,Information concerning the availability of all the explanatory documentation to the Combined General Meeting to be held on May 14  2025  Paris  April...,Information concerning the availability of all the explanatory documentation to the Combined General Meeting to be held on May 14  2025Paris  April 23  2025 - The shareholders of the Company are advised that the Combined General Meeting will be held on Wednesday  May 14  2025  at 2:30 p.m. at 17 rue Soyer 92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine.The Shareholders' Meeting will be webcast live and will be broadcast on JCDecaux’s website at www.jcdecaux.com.The notice to shareholders (avis de réunion) which included the agenda  the draft resolutions as well as the practical details regarding attendance and voting rights at the General Meeting were published on April 9  2025  in the BALO (French official legal announcement publication) n° 43.The documents and information required under the article R.225-83 of the French Commercial Code are available on the Company’s website at www.jcdecaux.com.For further information  please contact:Rémi GRISARDHead of Investor RelationsSainte Apolline78378 PLAISIRTéléphone : +33 (0)1 30 79 79 93Email : remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comKey Figures for JCDecaux2024 revenue: €3 935.3 m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of 850 million people in more than 80 countries1 091 811 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 894 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants12 026 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the SBF 120 and CAC Mid 60 indexesJCDecaux's Group carbon reduction trajectory was validated by the SBTi and the company joined the Euronext Paris CAC® SBT 1.5° indexJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.8/5)  CDP (A)  MSCI (AAA)  Sustainalytics (13.1)  and has achieved Gold Medal status from EcoVadis1st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (629 737 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 157 airports and 257 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (340 848 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (83 472 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (736 310 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (178 010 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (89 526 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (22 490 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (20 689 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com.Join us on Twitter  LinkedIn  Facebook  Instagram and YouTube.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'explanatory documentation', 'JCDecaux', 'Information', 'availability', 'May', 'French official legal announcement publication', 'Euronext Paris CAC® SBT 1.5° index', 'Group carbon reduction trajectory', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'avis de réunion', 'French Commercial Code', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'Téléphone', 'Gold Medal status', 'Rémi GRISARD', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Home Media company', ""The Shareholders' Meeting"", 'explanatory documentation', '17 rue Soyer', 'draft resolutions', 'practical details', 'voting rights', 'Investor Relations', 'Sainte Apolline', 'Key Figures', 'daily audience', '850 million people', '1,091,811 advertising panels', 'extra-financial performance', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'street furniture', 'transport advertising', '83,472 advertising panels', 'outdoor advertising', 'Latin America', '9,526 advertising panels', '22,490 advertising panels', 'Middle East', 'Information', 'availability', 'May', 'April', 'Wednesday', 'Seine', 'JCDecaux', 'website', 'notice', 'agenda', 'attendance', 'BALO', 'documents', 'article', 'Head', '78378 PLAISIR', 'Email', 'remi', '2024 revenue', '80 countries', '3,894 cities', '10,000 inhabitants', '12,026 employees', 'Eurolist', 'part', 'SBF 120', 'SBTi', 'FTSE4Good', 'CDP', 'MSCI', 'AAA', 'Sustainalytics', 'EcoVadis', '1st', 'RE100', 'Leader', 'pioneer', '157 airports', '257 contracts', 'metros', 'buses', 'trains', 'tramways', 'Europe', 'billboards', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'N°', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'Attachment', '2:30']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,globenewswire.com
50251,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/23/3066196/0/en/Resolutions-passed-by-Vopak-s-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Resolutions passed by Vopak’s Annual General Meeting,Resolutions passed by Vopak’s Annual General MeetingRotterdam  the Netherlands  23 April 2025 The Annual General Meeting of Koninklijke Vopak N.V. (Royal Vopak) held on 23 April 2025 passed the following resolutions:,Resolutions passed by Vopak’s Annual General MeetingRotterdam  the Netherlands  23 April 2025The Annual General Meeting of Koninklijke Vopak N.V. (Royal Vopak) held on 23 April 2025 passed the following resolutions:Positive advisory vote implementation remuneration policy for the 2024 financial year.Adoption of the financial statements for the 2024 financial year.Approval of the proposed dividend. A dividend of EUR 1.60 per ordinary share with a nominal value of EUR 0.50 will be distributed wholly in cash on 2 May 2025. As from 25 April 2025  the shares of Vopak will be listed ex-dividend on Euronext Amsterdam.Discharge from liability of the Executive Board members’ conduct of the company’s affairs for the 2024 financial year.Discharge from liability of the Supervisory Board members’ supervision exercised for the 2024 financial year.Re-appointment of Mr. R.M. Hookway (Richard) as a member of the Supervisory Board for a term of 4 years.Approval of the proposed amendments of the Articles of Association of Royal Vopak.Authorization of the Executive Board for a period of 18 months  up till and including 22 October 2026  to acquire  subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board  for valuable consideration  fully paid-up ordinary shares in Royal Vopak  on the stock exchange or otherwise  up to the maximum number that may be held by the company in accordance with the law and the Articles of Association in force at the date of acquisition.Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. as the external auditor and assurance researcher of the sustainability reporting of Royal Vopak and their engagement to examine the company’s financial statements for the 2026 financial year and sustainability reporting.Approval to cancel the by the company acquired ordinary shares.About VopakRoyal Vopak helps the world flow forward. At ports around the world  we provide storage and infrastructure solutions for vital products that enrich everyday life. These products include liquids and gases that provide energy for homes and businesses  chemicals for manufacturing products  and edible oils for cooking. For all of these  our worldwide network of terminals supports the global flow of supply and demand.For more than 400 years  Vopak has been at the forefront of fundamental transformations. With a focus on safety  reliability  and efficiency  we create new connections and opportunities that drive progress. Now more than ever  our talented people are applying this mindset to support the energy transition. Together with our partners and customers  we are accelerating the development of infrastructure solutions for hydrogen  ammonia  CO₂  battery energy storage  and low-carbon fuels & feedstocks – paving the way to a more sustainable future. Vopak is listed on Euronext Amsterdam and is headquartered in Rotterdam  the Netherlands. For more information  please visit www.vopak.comThis press release contains inside information as meant in clause 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation. The content of this report has not been audited or reviewed by an external auditor.For more information please contact:Vopak Press: Liesbeth Lans - Manager External Communication e-mail: global.communication@vopak.comVopak Analysts and Investors: Fatjona Topciu - Head of Investor Relations e-mail: investor.relations@vopak.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Resolutions', 'Vopak', 'Positive advisory vote implementation remuneration policy', 'Mr. R.M. Hookway', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.', 'Executive Board members’ conduct', 'Koninklijke Vopak N.V.', 'Supervisory Board members’ supervision', 'CO₂, battery energy storage', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'energy transition', '2024 financial year', 'financial statements', 'ordinary share', 'nominal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'stock exchange', 'maximum number', 'external auditor', 'sustainability reporting', '2026 financial year', 'infrastructure solutions', 'everyday life', 'edible oils', 'worldwide network', 'global flow', 'fundamental transformations', 'new connections', 'talented people', 'low-carbon fuels', 'sustainable future', 'press release', 'Liesbeth Lans', 'Fatjona Topciu', 'vital products', 'manufacturing products', 'Royal Vopak', 'Vopak Press', 'Vopak Analysts', 'following resolutions', 'External Communication', 'Investor Relations', 'shares', 'Rotterdam', 'Netherlands', '23 April', 'Adoption', 'Approval', 'dividend', 'cash', '2 May', '25 April', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'company', 'affairs', 'appointment', 'Richard', 'term', '4 years', 'amendments', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Authorization', 'period', '18 months', '22 October', 'accordance', 'law', 'force', 'date', 'acquisition', 'assurance', 'researcher', 'engagement', 'ports', 'liquids', 'gases', 'homes', 'businesses', 'chemicals', 'cooking', 'supply', 'demand', '400 years', 'forefront', 'focus', 'safety', 'efficiency', 'opportunities', 'progress', 'mindset', 'partners', 'customers', 'development', 'hydrogen', 'ammonia', 'feedstocks', 'information', 'clause', 'content', 'Manager', 'mail', 'Investors', 'Head', 'Attachment']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,globenewswire.com
50252,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/23/3066259/0/en/ASML-discloses-2025-AGM-results.html,ASML discloses 2025 AGM results,ASML discloses 2025 AGM results  Veldhoven  the Netherlands  April 23  2025 –  ASML Holding N.V. (ASML) today announces the results of its Annual...,ASML discloses 2025 AGM resultsVeldhoven  the Netherlands  April 23  2025 – ASML Holding N.V. (ASML) today announces the results of its Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on April 23  2025.At the AGM  ASML’s statutory financial statements for the 2024 financial year were adopted. In addition  the following items were approved:Proposal to adopt a final dividend payment of €1.84 per ordinary share  which  together with the two interim dividends paid through the 2024 financial year and the interim dividend paid in February 2025  each €1.52 per ordinary share  leads to a total dividend for 2024 of €6.40 per ordinary shareProposals to discharge the members of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board from liability for their responsibilities in the 2024 financial yearProposal to determine the maximum number of shares available for the Board of ManagementProposal to adopt the revised remuneration policy for the Board of ManagementProposal to amend the remuneration of the members of the Supervisory BoardProposals to reappoint Birgit Conix and to appoint Karien van Gennip as Supervisory Board membersProposals to appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. as the external auditor for the 2026 financial statements and also to carry out the assurance of ASML’s sustainability statements for the reporting years 2025 and 2026Proposal to authorize the Board of Management from April 23  2025  up to and including October 23  2026: to  subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board: Issue ordinary shares or grant rights to subscribe for ordinary shares up to 5% for general purposes and up to 5% in connection with or on the occasion of mergers  acquisitions and/or (strategic) alliances Authorize the Board of Management to restrict or exclude pre-emption rights in connection with the authorizations referred to under the previous pointProposal to authorize the Board of Management from April 23  2025  up to and including October 23  2026  to repurchase a maximum of 10% of ASML’s issued share capital  subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board. The ordinary shares can be acquired between an amount equal to the nominal value of the ordinary shares and an amount equal to 110% of the market price of these ordinary shares on Euronext Amsterdam or the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. The AGM also authorized the cancellation of up to 10% of ASML’s issued share capital as of April 23  2025A positive advisory vote was also cast on the remuneration report for the ASML Board of Management and Supervisory Board for the 2024 financial year.The following subjects were also discussed at the AGM:ASML’s business  financial situation and ESG sustainabilityASML’s reserves and dividend policyThe 2025 AGM marks the end of the term of Anette Aris as member of the Supervisory BoardThe composition of the Supervisory Board in 2026: notification that the appointment terms of Terri Kelly  Alexander Everke and An Steegen will end per the 2026 AGMThe AGM presentation and the recording of the webcast are available on ASML’s website  www.asml.com/agm2025.Media Relations contacts Investor Relations contacts Monique Mols +31 6 5284 4418 Jim Kavanagh +31 40 268 3938 Willem van Ewijk +31 6 2744 1187 Pete Convertito +1 203 919 1714 Karen Lo +886 9 397 88635 Peter Cheang +886 3 659 6771About ASMLASML is a leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. The company provides chipmakers with hardware  software and services to mass produce the patterns of integrated circuits (microchips). Together with its partners  ASML drives the advancement of more affordable  more powerful  more energy-efficient microchips. ASML enables groundbreaking technology to solve some of humanity's toughest challenges  such as in healthcare  energy use and conservation  mobility and agriculture. ASML is a multinational company headquartered in Veldhoven  the Netherlands  with offices across EMEA  the US and Asia. Every day  ASML’s more than 44 100 employees (FTE) challenge the status quo and push technology to new limits. ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. Discover ASML – our products  technology and career opportunities – at www.asml.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['2025 AGM results', 'ASML', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.', 'powerful, more energy-efficient microchips', 'NASDAQ Stock Market LLC', 'ASML Holding N.V.', 'Karien van Gennip', 'positive advisory vote', 'Media Relations contacts', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'Willem van Ewijk', 'Annual General Meeting', 'two interim dividends', 'final dividend payment', 'revised remuneration policy', 'statutory financial statements', 'The AGM presentation', 'Supervisory Board members', 'market price', 'dividend policy', 'general purposes', '2026 financial statements', 'sustainability statements', 'total dividend', '2024 financial year', 'financial situation', 'following items', 'ordinary share', 'Birgit Conix', 'external auditor', 'reporting years', 'strategic) alliances', 'previous point', 'share capital', 'nominal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'remuneration report', 'following subjects', 'ESG sustainability', 'Anette Aris', 'appointment terms', 'Terri Kelly', 'Alexander Everke', 'An Steegen', 'Monique Mols', 'Jim Kavanagh', 'Pete Convertito', 'Karen Lo', 'Peter Cheang', 'leading supplier', 'semiconductor industry', 'integrated circuits', 'toughest challenges', 'energy use', 'status quo', 'new limits', 'career opportunities', 'The 2025 AGM', 'maximum number', 'pre-emption rights', 'multinational company', 'groundbreaking technology', '2025 AGM results', 'ASML Board', 'shares', '2026 AGM', 'Veldhoven', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'addition', 'Proposal', 'February', 'Management', 'liability', 'responsibilities', 'assurance', 'October', 'approval', 'connection', 'occasion', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'authorizations', 'amount', 'cancellation', 'reserves', 'composition', 'notification', 'recording', 'webcast', 'website', 'chipmakers', 'hardware', 'software', 'services', 'patterns', 'partners', 'advancement', 'humanity', 'healthcare', 'conservation', 'mobility', 'agriculture', 'offices', 'EMEA', 'Asia', '44,100 employees', 'FTE', 'symbol', 'products', 'Attachment']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,globenewswire.com
50253,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/23/3066700/0/en/Tonner-Drones-Obtains-Patent-For-Inhibitor-In-The-United-States.html,Tonner Drones Obtains Patent For Inhibitor In The United States,Tonner Drones Obtains Patent For Inhibitor In The United States  Schiltigheim  April 23th 2025 18:00  Tonner Drones is pleased to announce that its...,"Tonner Drones Obtains Patent For Inhibitor In The United StatesSchiltigheim  April 23th 2025 18:00  Tonner Drones is pleased to announce that its patent for the Inhibitor is granted in the USA.Tonner Drones owns the technology for an anti-recoil activation mechanism. It now has patents granted in Australia  United Kingdom  Europe (including Germany) and United States of America.Tonner Drones is actively pursuing IP agencies to commercialize its patents through collaboration or selling the technology. Tonner Drones itself has no ambition to further develop the product but sees great value in the patents given the new dynamic in Europe in terms of spendings in the defense sector.End of Press-Release.About Tonner Drones : Tonner Drones develops technologies for the logistics sector. Tonner Drones holds valuable stakes in some promising French drone manufacturers like Elistair and Donecle. Tonner Drones’ strategy is to increase the value of its shareholdings in these companies through active asset management. Additional revenues can be achieved through royalties from patents held by Tonner Drones. Tonner Drones does not plan on owning a factory; however  it is determined to retain R&D for its products and systems in France. Tonner Drones uses an active strategy to manage its treasury.Tonner Drones’ shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: FR001400H2X4).More information at www.tonnerdrones.com / contact@tonnerdrones.comWarningRegarding the merits of any transaction or the making of any investment decision. It does not constitute or include any confirmation or commitment by Tonner Drones (or any other person) regarding the present or future value of Tonner Drones ' business  its securities  its subsidiaries or any other assets of Tonner Drones .This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current beliefs and expectations regarding future events. These forward-looking statements may include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and/or expectations regarding future financial results  events  operations and services. and product development  as well as statements regarding performance or events. These statements are generally identified by the terms ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""plan""  ""project""  ""may""  ""should"" or the negative form of these and other similar expressions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to inherent risks  uncertainties and assumptions regarding Tonner Drones and its subsidiaries and investments  trends in their businesses  future capital expenditures and acquisitions  developments relating to contingent liabilities  changes in global economic conditions or Tonner Drones ' principal markets  competitive market conditions and regulatory factors. The realization of these events is uncertain; their outcome could turn out to be different from that envisaged today  which is likely to significantly affect the expected results. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated or implied in these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press release. Except as required by applicable law  Tonner Drones undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements  taking into account new information or future events.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.24,0.42,True,English,"['Tonner Drones', 'United States', 'Patent', 'Inhibitor', 'The', 'promising French drone manufacturers', 'anti-recoil activation mechanism', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'global economic conditions', 'competitive market conditions', 'active asset management', 'other similar expressions', 'future capital expenditures', 'future financial results', 'Tonner Drones’ strategy', 'active strategy', 'other person', 'other assets', 'United States', 'April 23th', 'United Kingdom', 'IP agencies', 'new dynamic', 'defense sector', 'logistics sector', 'valuable stakes', 'Additional revenues', 'R&D', 'ISIN code', 'More information', 'investment decision', 'future value', 'press release', 'current beliefs', 'negative form', 'inherent risks', 'contingent liabilities', 'principal markets', 'regulatory factors', 'Actual results', 'applicable law', 'new information', 'future performance', 'future events', 'great value', 'looking statements', 'underlying assumptions', 'product development', 'Patent', 'Inhibitor', 'Schiltigheim', 'USA', 'technology', 'Australia', 'Europe', 'Germany', 'America', 'collaboration', 'ambition', 'terms', 'spendings', 'Press-Release', 'technologies', 'Elistair', 'Donecle', 'shareholdings', 'companies', 'royalties', 'factory', 'products', 'systems', 'France', 'treasury', 'shares', 'tonnerdrones', 'Warning', 'merits', 'transaction', 'making', 'confirmation', 'commitment', 'present', 'business', 'securities', 'subsidiaries', 'forward', 'expectations', 'projections', 'estimates', 'plans', 'objectives', 'intentions', 'operations', 'services', 'guarantees', 'uncertainties', 'investments', 'trends', 'acquisitions', 'developments', 'changes', 'realization', 'outcome', 'date', 'obligation', 'account', 'Attachment']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,globenewswire.com
50254,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/23/3066101/0/en/Pharming-receives-positive-recommendation-from-NICE-for-Joenja-leniolisib-as-a-treatment-for-APDS.html,Pharming receives positive recommendation from NICE for Joenja®▼(leniolisib) as a treatment for APDS,For media and investors only  Joenja® is the first and only medicine specifically for APDS to be reimbursed within the NHS  Recommended for adult and......,For media and investors onlyJoenja® is the first and only medicine specifically for APDS to be reimbursed within the NHSRecommended for adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older with activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS)Leiden  the Netherlands  April 23  2025: Pharming Group N.V. (“Pharming” or “the Company”) (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) has issued positive final guidance recommending Joenja® (leniolisib) for reimbursement and use within the National Health Service (NHS) in England and Wales for the treatment of activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS) in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older.The NICE recommendation is based on the totality of the data  including the Phase III clinical trial evaluating leniolisib  an oral selective PI3Kδ inhibitor  in patients with APDS  a rare and progressive primary immunodeficiency. In the primary analysis  treatment with leniolisib led to significant improvements in immune deficiency and immune dysregulation compared to placebo. The Phase III trial demonstrated an improvement in clinical outcomes  which was maintained during longer-term treatment within the open-label extension trial.Fabrice Chouraqui  Chief Executive Officer of Pharming  said:“This positive recommendation for Joenja® from NICE is a significant milestone for patients living with APDS in England and Wales. It underscores Pharming’s commitment to work closely with regulatory and reimbursement authorities  the medical immunology community  and patient associations to bring this first targeted treatment to patients who may benefit.”Professor Sinisa Savic  Professor of Clinical Immunology at St James’s University Hospital  said:“Data from clinical trials demonstrate that leniolisib provides real benefits for patients with APDS  a rare primary immunodeficiency. APDS is a complex and progressive condition that leads to immune dysregulation and recurrent infections  significantly impacting patients' quality of life. The recommendation by NICE  which allows this targeted therapy to be prescribed on the NHS  marks an important step forward in improving treatment options for individuals with this condition.”Dr Susan Walsh  Chief Executive Officer at Immunodeficiency UK  said:“This is a hugely welcomed decision that will make a massive difference to the lives of people with APDS  and their families  by potentially allowing them to have a better quality of life. With leniolisib  we now have a targeted treatment available that addresses the fundamental cause of the immune system problems experienced in APDS. This is a huge leap forward. We are grateful to Pharming for working with NICE to make this drug available via the NHS. Together  they have shown a real commitment to providing people affected by ultra-rare  immune system conditions the treatments they need.”The final NICE recommendation aligns with the U.K. Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Authority (MHRA) approval and falls under NICE’s Highly Specialised Technologies (HST) pathway  which evaluates treatments for very rare and severe diseases. Leniolisib is now available for use and funded in England through the Innovative Medicines Fund  ensuring immediate patient access. In Wales  leniolisib is expected to be funded within the next three months through the NHS in specialist centers.Important Safety InformationThe full Summary of Product Characteristics (SPC/SmPC) for Joenja® (leniolisib) is available on the MHRA website at https://products.mhra.gov.uk/.About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that was first characterized in 2013. APDS is caused by variants in either one of two identified genes known as PIK3CD or PIK3R1  which are vital to the development and function of immune cells in the body. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway  which causes immune cells to fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation1 2 3 APDS is characterized by a variety of symptoms  including severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.4 5 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  it has been reported that people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.6 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.4-7 A definitive diagnosis can be made through genetic testing. APDS affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million worldwide.About Joenja® (leniolisib)Joenja® (leniolisib) is an oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kẟ) inhibitor approved in the U.S.  U.K.  Australia and Israel as the first and only targeted treatment of activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS) in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older. Joenja® inhibits the production of phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate  which serves as an important cellular messenger and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Results from a randomized  placebo-controlled Phase III clinical trial demonstrated statistically significant improvement in the coprimary endpoints  reflecting a favorable impact on the immune dysregulation and deficiency seen in these patients  and interim open label extension data has supported the safety and tolerability of long-term leniolisib administration.8 9 Leniolisib is currently under regulatory review in the European Economic Area  Canada and several other countries for APDS  with plans to pursue regulatory approval in Japan. Leniolisib is also being evaluated in two Phase III clinical trials in children with APDS and in two Phase II clinical trials in primary immunodeficiencies (PIDs) with immune dysregulation. The safety and efficacy of leniolisib has not been established for PIDs with immune dysregulation beyond APDS.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. We are commercializing and developing a portfolio of innovative medicines  including small molecules and biologics. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  the Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  ‘‘anticipate’’  ‘‘believe’’  ‘‘could’’  ‘‘estimate’’  ‘‘expect’’  ‘‘goals’’  ‘‘intend’’  ‘‘may’’  “milestones”  ‘‘objectives’’  ‘‘outlook’’  ‘‘plan’’  ‘‘probably’’  ‘‘project’’  ‘‘risks’’  “schedule”  ‘‘seek’’  ‘‘should’’  ‘‘target’’  ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory  commercial  competitive and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2024 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2024  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information  future events or other information.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.ReferencesLucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15(1):88-97. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2020 Dec;59(3):323-333. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338. Rao VK  et al Blood. 2023 Mar 2;141(9):971-983. Rao VK  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol 2024;153:265-74.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  the NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKSimon Conway/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  the NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlUS PRChristina SkrivanT: +1 (917) 882 9038E: Christina.Skrivan@precisionaq.comAttachment,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.84,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['positive recommendation', 'Pharming', 'NICE', 'Joenja®', 'leniolisib', 'treatment', 'APDS', 'oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'The Phase III trial', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'oral selective PI3Kδ inhibitor', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Healthcare products Regulatory Authority', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'ultra-rare, immune system conditions', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'open-label extension trial', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Dr Susan Walsh', 'Highly Specialised Technologies', 'Innovative Medicines Fund', 'next three months', 'immune system problems', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'positive final guidance', 'medical immunology community', 'immediate patient access', 'Important Safety Information', 'Professor Sinisa Savic', 'two identified genes', 'permanent lung damage', 'U.K. Medicines', 'progressive primary immunodeficiency', 'National Health Service', 'The NICE recommendation', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'final NICE recommendation', 'recurrent infections', 'first targeted treatment', 'PI3Kẟ) inhibitor', 'Clinical Immunology', 'HST) pathway', 'severe diseases', 'primary analysis', 'positive recommendation', 'PI3Kδ) syndrome', 'National Institute', 'clinical outcomes', 'patient associations', 'clinical trials', 'important step', 'immune deficiency', 'immune cells', 'Immunodeficiency UK', 'progressive disease', 'U.S.', 'immune dysregulation', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'Care Excellence', 'significant improvements', 'Fabrice Chouraqui', 'significant milestone', 'St James', 'University Hospital', 'real benefits', 'massive difference', 'fundamental cause', 'huge leap', 'specialist centers', 'full Summary', 'Product Characteristics', 'definitive diagnosis', 'genetic testing', 'longer-term treatment', 'treatment options', 'progressive condition', 'MHRA) approval', 'MHRA website', 'reimbursement authorities', 'real commitment', 'pediatric patients', '1 to 2 people', ""patients' quality"", 'investors', 'Joenja®', 'APDS', 'NHS', 'adult', '12 years', 'Leiden', 'Netherlands', 'Company', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'leniolisib', 'England', 'Wales', 'totality', 'data', 'placebo', 'complex', 'life', 'therapy', 'individuals', 'decision', 'lives', 'families', 'drug', 'treatments', 'SPC/SmPC', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'development', 'function', 'body', 'hyperactivity', 'variety', 'symptoms', 'autoimmunity', 'enteropathy', 'accumulation', 'time', 'lymphoma', 'million', 'Australia', 'Israel']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,globenewswire.com
50255,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/23/3066789/0/en/SBM-Offshore-starts-EUR141-million-share-repurchase-following-successful-completion-of-the-2024-program.html,SBM Offshore starts EUR141 million share repurchase following successful completion of the 2024 program,Amsterdam  April 23  2025  SBM Offshore announces the completion of its EUR130 million share repurchase program initiated in 2024  and the commencement...,"Amsterdam  April 23  2025SBM Offshore announces the completion of its EUR130 million share repurchase program initiated in 2024  and the commencement of a EUR141 million (US$150 million equivalent1) share repurchase program  as announced on February 20  2025 and effective from April 24  2025.EUR141 million share repurchase programThe objective of the EUR141 million share repurchase program is to reduce share capital and  in addition  to provide shares for regular management and employee share programs (maximum US$25 million). The remainder of the repurchased shares will be cancelled. The share repurchase program is expected to be completed by February 26  2026 and will be executed under the authorization granted by the Annual General Meeting of the Company on April 9  2025.The share repurchase program will be executed under the terms of an engagement letter with a third party  performed in compliance with the safe harbor provisions for share repurchases  and therefore transactions may be carried out during closed periods.In accordance with the European Market Abuse Regulation  the Company will inform the market of the progress made in the execution of this program through weekly press releases and updates on its website.Completion of the EUR130 million program started in 2024From March 1  2024 to April 23  2025 a total of 7 978 332 shares were repurchased  at an average price of EUR16.29 per share  representing a total of EUR130 million. Detailed information on the aggregate transactions (calculated on a daily basis) for the period in which the program was executed can be found in the table below. Further details about individual transactions can be accessed via the Investor Relations section of the Company’s website.The repurchases were made under the EUR65 million share repurchase program announced on February 29  2024  effective from March 1  2024 which was later increased by EUR65 million as announced on and effective from August 8  2024. The objective of the program was to reduce share capital and  in addition  to provide shares for regular management and employee share programs.Final Period 2024 Share Repurchase Program Transaction DetailsSBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to the repurchases under the program for the period April 17  2025 through April 23  2025 in the bottom half of the table below.2024 Share Repurchase Program Overall progress Share Repurchase Program: Total Repurchase Amount EUR 130 000 000 Cumulative Repurchase Amount EUR 129 999 982 Cumulative Quantity Repurchased 7 978 332 Cumulative Average Repurchase Price EUR 16.29 Start Date March 1  2024 End DateApril 23  2025 Percentage of program completed as of April 23  2025 100% Overview of details of last 5 trading days: Trade UpdateQuantity Repurchased Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount April 17  2025 46 550 EUR 17.11 EUR 796 675 April 18  2025 Stock markets are closedApril 21  2025 Stock markets are closedApril 22  2025 46 700 EUR 17.12 EUR 799 555 April 23  2025 43 125 EUR 17.46 EUR 753 113 Total1 136 375 EUR 17.23 EUR 2 349 344 1All shares purchased via Euronext Amsterdam  CBOE DXE and or TurquoiseThe table above contains information which is to be made publicly available under the Market Abuse Regulation (nr. 596/2014). The information concerns a regular update of the transactions conducted under SBM Offshore’s share repurchase program  as announced by the Company on February 29  2024 and August 8  2024  details of which are available on its website.Corporate ProfileSBM Offshore is the world’s deepwater ocean-infrastructure expert. Through the design  construction  installation  and operation of offshore floating facilities  we play a pivotal role in a just transition. By advancing our core  we deliver cleaner  more efficient energy production. By pioneering more  we unlock new markets within the blue economy.More than 7 800 SBMers collaborate worldwide to deliver innovative solutions as a responsible partner towards a sustainable future  balancing ocean protection with progress.For further information  please visit our website at www.sbmoffshore.com.Financial Calendar Date Year First Quarter 2025 Trading UpdateMay 15 2025 Half Year 2025 EarningsAugust 7 2025 Third Quarter 2025 Trading UpdateNovember 13 2025 Full Year 2025 EarningsFebruary 26 2026 Annual General MeetingApril 15 2026For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsWouter HoltiesCorporate Finance & Investor Relations ManagerPhone: +31 (0)20 236 32 36 E-mail: wouter.holties@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMedia RelationsGiampaolo ArghittuHead of External RelationsPhone: +31 (0)6 212 62 333 / +39 33 494 79 584 E-mail: giampaolo.arghittu@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMarket Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.DisclaimerSome of the statements contained in this release that are not historical facts are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those in such statements. These statements may be identified by words such as ‘expect’  ‘should’  ‘could’  ‘shall’ and / or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The principal risks which could affect the future operations of SBM Offshore N.V. are described in the ‘Impacts  Risks and Opportunities’ section of the 2024 Annual Report.Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results and performance of the Company’s business may vary materially and adversely from the forward-looking statements described in this release. SBM Offshore does not intend and does not assume any obligation to update any industry information or forward-looking statements set forth in this release to reflect new information  subsequent events or otherwise.This release contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs) as defined by the ESMA guidelines which are not defined under IFRS. Further information on these APMs is included in the 2024 Annual Report  available on our website Annual Reports - SBM Offshore.Nothing in this release shall be deemed an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities. The companies in which SBM Offshore N.V. directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this release “SBM Offshore” and “SBM” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to SBM Offshore N.V. and its subsidiaries in general. These expressions are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular company or companies.""SBM Offshore®""  the SBM logomark  “Fast4Ward®”  “emissionZERO®” and “F4W®” are proprietary marks owned by SBM Offshore.1 Based on the foreign exchange rate on February 20  2025Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,negative,0.01,0.07,0.92,True,English,"['EUR141 million share repurchase', 'SBM Offshore', 'successful completion', '2024 program', 'Final Period 2024 Share Repurchase Program Transaction Details', 'Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount', '$150 million equivalent1) share repurchase program', 'EUR65 million share repurchase program', 'EUR130 million share repurchase program', 'EUR141 million share repurchase program', 'Overall progress Share Repurchase Program', 'Cumulative Average Repurchase Price', 'European Market Abuse Regulation', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Financial Calendar Date Year', 'First Quarter 2025 Trading Update', 'EUR130 million program', 'Cumulative Repurchase Amount', 'employee share programs', 'Total Repurchase Amount', 'Annual General Meeting', 'safe harbor provisions', 'last 5 trading days', 'deepwater ocean-infrastructure expert', 'efficient energy production', 'weekly press releases', '982 Cumulative Quantity Repurchased', 'offshore floating facilities', 'Investor Relations section', 'Investor Relations Manager', 'average price', 'share capital', 'Third Quarter', 'share repurchases', 'Start Date', '2024 End Date', 'Half Year', 'Full Year', 'Further details', 'Trade Update', 'regular update', 'Media Relations', 'External Relations', 'SBM Offshore', 'regular management', 'engagement letter', 'third party', 'closed periods', 'daily basis', 'bottom half', 'Stock markets', 'CBOE DXE', 'Corporate Profile', 'pivotal role', 'new markets', 'blue economy', 'innovative solutions', 'responsible partner', 'sustainable future', 'ocean protection', 'Corporate Finance', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'aggregate transactions', 'individual transactions', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Detailed information', 'Wouter Holties', 'Giampaolo Arghittu', 'April', 'completion', 'commencement', 'February', 'objective', 'addition', 'shares', 'remainder', 'authorization', 'Company', 'terms', 'compliance', 'accordance', 'execution', 'updates', 'website', 'March', 'table', 'August', 'Percentage', '100% Overview', 'Turquoise', 'nr.', 'world', 'design', 'construction', 'installation', 'operation', 'transition', 'core', 'More', '7,800 SBMers', 'sbmoffshore', 'May', '2025 Earnings', 'Phone', 'mail', 'Head', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Disclaimer', 'statements']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,globenewswire.com
50256,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/23/3066384/0/en/Volta-Finance-Limited-Net-Asset-Value-s-as-at-31-March-2025.html,Volta Finance Limited - Net Asset Value(s) as at 31 March 2025,Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS)March 2025 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES...,"Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS)March 2025 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATESGuernsey  April 23rd  2025AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for March 2025. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).Performance and Portfolio ActivityDear Investors Volta Finance’s net performance for the month of March was negative -2.9%  taking the Aug 2024-to-date performance at +9.7%. Both our investments in CLO Debt and CLO Equity were impacted by the broader volatility and risk repricing across global markets. In line with its dividend policy  Volta declared a 15.5c quarterly dividend through the month.CLO markets exhibited classic cyclical patterns characterized by spread tightening in January followed by some widening towards the end of the Quarter. However  market movements in March extended beyond typical seasonal dynamics as geopolitical tensions and uncertainties surrounding President Trump's trade policies had a significant impact. The announcement of tariffs targeting Canada  Mexico and increased levies on China in February shook Equity markets across the globe and triggered a general repricing of risk. March saw additional tariff threats hinting towards a total revamp of US trade agreements in the making. Major Equity indices sold off  with pressures on technology  automotive and consumer discretionary sectors notably. These announcements overshadowed positive news on the inflation front (cooling PCE)  while the Fed maintained its key rate on March 19. Lower GDP growth projections were on everybody’s mind  while markets were left in limbo ahead of the tariff announcements of the US administration due to take place on April 2nd.It was no surprise to see Credit markets repricing in March as well: the European High Yield index (Xover) closed around 40bps wider at 328bps. In the loan market  Euro Loans dropped c. 1pt to about 97.80px (Morningstar European Leveraged Loan Index) while US Loans felt by 85cts down to 96.30px. The primary CLO market remained active as many transactions were executed  although levels moved wider across the capital structure  notably BBs towards +600bps (from +475bps context). In terms of performance  BBs had a total return of -1.5%  US High Yield returned -1.07% and Euro High Yield were down by -1%.Looking at Volta Finance’s cashflow  the portfolio generated c. €28m equivalent of interests and coupons over the last six months  representing c.21% of February’s NAV on an annualized basis. Over the month  Volta’s CLO Equity tranches returned -4.3%** while CLO Debt tranches returned -0.5% performance**  cash representing c. 10% of the NAV.Volta is around 21% exposed to USD  the March currency moves having a meaningful impact on the overall funds’ performance (-0.94%).As of end of March 2025  Volta’s NAV was €269.6m  i.e. €7.37 per share.*It should be noted that approximately 0.29% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as at the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was 0.18% as at 28 February 2025  0.11% as at 30 September 2024.** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisFrançois Touatifrancois.touati@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 80 22Olivier PonsOlivier.pons@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 87 30Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCavendish Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s Investment objectives are to preserve its capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its Shareholders through dividends that it expects to distribute on a quarterly basis. The Company currently seeks to achieve its investment objectives by pursuing exposure predominantly to CLO’s and similar asset classes. A more diversified investment strategy across structured finance assets may be pursued opportunistically. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 800 professionals and €859 billion in assets under management as of the end of June 2024.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.02,0.33,0.65,True,English,"['Net Asset Value(s', 'Volta Finance Limited', '31 March', 'Morningstar European Leveraged Loan Index', 'VOLTA FINANCE LIMITED Volta Finance Limited', 'Lower GDP growth projections', 'BNP Paribas S.A', 'European High Yield index', 'François Touati francois', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'US High Yield', 'Euro High Yield', 'classic cyclical patterns', 'typical seasonal dynamics', 'consumer discretionary sectors', 'last six months', 'London Stock Exchange', 'home member state', 'EU Transparency Directive', '15.5c quarterly dividend', 'additional tariff threats', 'Major Equity indices', 'residual currency effects', 'Cavendish Securities plc', 'US trade agreements', 'CLO Equity tranches', 'CLO Debt tranches', 'Olivier Pons Olivier', 'overall funds’ performance', 'primary CLO market', 'Guernsey Branch guernsey', 'March 2025 monthly report', 'loan market', 'Investment objectives', 'trade policies', 'US administration', 'Euro Loans', 'US Loans', 'listed securities', 'full report', 'CLO markets', 'Equity markets', 'UNITED STATES', 'AXA IM', 'Dear Investors', 'broader volatility', 'dividend policy', 'spread tightening', 'market movements', 'geopolitical tensions', 'President Trump', 'significant impact', 'general repricing', 'total revamp', 'positive news', 'inflation front', 'key rate', 'tariff announcements', 'many transactions', '+475bps context', 'total return', 'meaningful impact', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'asset classes', 'cross-currency rates', 'aggregate value', 'Corporate Broker', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Guernsey) Law', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Main Market', 'credit cycle', 'stable stream', 'global markets', 'Credit markets', 'March currency', 'financial markets', 'net performance', 'month-end date', 'risk repricing', 'April 2nd', 'capital structure', 'annualized basis', 'period ends', 'Company Secretary', 'The Companies', 'date performance', 'Portfolio Activity', 'NAV information', 'VTA', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PUBLICATION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'website', 'voltafinance', 'Aug', 'investments', 'line', 'January', 'widening', 'uncertainties', 'tariffs', 'Canada', 'Mexico', 'levies', 'China', 'February', 'globe', 'making', 'pressures', 'technology', 'automotive', 'PCE', 'Fed', 'everybody', 'mind', 'limbo', 'place', 'surprise', 'Xover', '328bps', '85cts', 'levels', 'BBs', 'terms', 'cashflow', 'interests', 'coupons', 'USD', 'share', 'GAV', 'timely', 'price', '30 September', 'Dietz-performance', 'assets', 'bucket', 'account', 'payments', 'changes', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'bnpparibas', 'purposes', 'Netherlands', 'regulation', 'supervision', 'AFM', 'regulator', 'income', '44']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,globenewswire.com
50257,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/105301/vermeg-appoints-tarak-achich-as-ceo,Vermeg appoints Tarak Achich as CEO,Vermeg  a global leader in financial software solutions  is pleased to announce the appointment of Tarak ACHICH as its new Chief Executive Officer  effective April 2  2025.,"Vermeg  a global leader in financial software solutions  is pleased to announce the appointment of Tarak ACHICH as its new Chief Executive Officer  effective April 2  2025.0With over 30 years of experience in capital markets  banking  and insurance  Tarak brings a wealth of expertise and a strong track record in leadership  management  and driving growth. He has held executive roles at Groupe Crédit Mutuel Arkéa  Oddo & Cie  and Euronext  and served on the Vermeg board from 2008 to 2021.This appointment represents a key strategic move as Vermeg strengthens its leadership in Collateral Management and Insurance — two core areas where the company continues to drive market-leading innovation. With Tarak at the helm  Vermeg aims to accelerate its focus on delivering high-value  cutting-edge solutions to financial institutions across Europe  the UK  the Americas  and APAC region.Alongside this leadership change  Badreddine Ouali has been appointed Chairman of the Supervisory Board  and Marwen Hanifeh has been appointed Chairman of the Management Board. Both will continue to work closely with Tarak on Vermeg's strategic initiatives  ensuring continuity and alignment with the company's long-term growth ambitions.""Tarak's leadership will play a pivotal role in advancing our growth strategy and continuing our mission to deliver innovative solutions in Collateral Management  Insurance  and beyond "" said Badreddine Ouali  Chairman. ""His vast industry experience and vision will ensure Vermeg remains a leader in financial technology  creating lasting value for our clients and partners.""",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.93,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['Tarak Achich', 'Vermeg', 'CEO', 'Groupe Crédit Mutuel Arkéa', 'new Chief Executive Officer', 'strong track record', 'two core areas', 'high-value, cutting-edge solutions', 'key strategic move', 'financial software solutions', 'long-term growth ambitions', 'vast industry experience', 'executive roles', 'innovative solutions', 'strategic initiatives', 'financial institutions', 'financial technology', 'capital markets', 'market-leading innovation', 'APAC region', 'Badreddine Ouali', 'Supervisory Board', 'Marwen Hanifeh', 'pivotal role', 'growth strategy', 'lasting value', 'Collateral Management', 'Management Board', 'global leader', 'leadership change', 'Tarak ACHICH', 'Vermeg board', 'appointment', '30 years', 'banking', 'insurance', 'wealth', 'expertise', 'Oddo', 'Cie', 'Euronext', 'company', 'helm', 'focus', 'Europe', 'UK', 'Americas', 'Chairman', 'continuity', 'alignment', 'mission', 'vision', 'clients', 'partners']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,finextra.com
50258,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/23/3066067/0/en/Danone-Strong-start-to-the-year-demonstrating-the-relevance-of-our-health-oriented-portfolio.html,Danone: Strong start to the year  demonstrating the relevance of our health-oriented portfolio,2025 First Quarter SalesPress release – Paris  April 23  2025  at 7:30am CEST  Strong start to the year demonstrating the relevance of our...,2025 First Quarter SalesPress release – Paris  April 23  2025  at 7:30am CESTStrong start to the year demonstrating the relevance of our health-oriented portfolioStrong Q1 2025  with sales of €6 844m  up +4.3% on a like-for-like (LFL) basisContributions from both volume/mix (+1.9%) and price (+2.4%); positive volume/mix again in all categoriesBroad-based growth  demonstrating the resilience of our business Very strong performance in China  North Asia & Oceania  in all categories Solid growth in North America  led by a continued  winning momentum in High Protein Consistent progress in Europe with solid volume/mix2025 guidance confirmed  in line with mid-term ambition: LFL sales growth expected between +3% and +5%  with recurring operating income growing faster than sales€ millionexcept % Q12024 Q12025 Reportedchange LFL salesgrowth Volume/mixgrowthBY GEOGRAPHICAL ZONE Europe 2 336 2 389 +2.3% +2.0% +1.9% North America 1 737 1 633 -5.9% +3.7% +0.9% China  North Asia & Oceania 840 936 +11.5% +9.9% +10.4% Latin America 727 715 -1.6% +9.0% -2.1% Rest of the World 1 150 1 170 +1.7% +3.3% -1.0%BY CATEGORY EDP 3 474 3 381 -2.7% +3.7% +1.5% Specialized Nutrition 2 183 2 306 +5.7% +5.3% +3.1% Waters 1 132 1 156 +2.2% +4.1% +1.0% TOTAL 6 789 6 844 +0.8% +4.3% +1.9%1Antoine de Saint-Affrique: CEO statementWith a +4.3% like-for-like sales growth in Q1  we have delivered a strong start to the year  across all categories  demonstrating the strength of our execution and the relevance of our health-focused portfolio. In the current uncertain environment  our science-based innovations  our consumer and patient-centric approach  and our increasingly diversified channel footprint further contribute to the resilience of our business. We are confident that 2025 will be another year where we deliver on our value creation model  aligned with our mid-term ambitions.I. FIRST QUARTER SALESIn Q1 2025  sales stood at €6 844m  up +4.3% LFL  led by an increase of +1.9% in volume/mix and +2.4% in price. On a reported basis  sales increased by +0.8%  with a negative impact from scope (-3.0%)  resulting predominantly from the sale of Horizon Organic and Wallaby completed in April 2024. Reported sales were also negatively impacted by forex (-0.8%)  reflecting the depreciation of several currencies against the euro  notably the Mexican Peso  the Brazilian Real  the Argentine Peso and the Turkish Lira  while hyperinflation contributed positively to reported sales (+0.8%).Sales by operating segmentIn Q1 2025  Europe LFL sales were up +2.0%  driven by volume/mix at +1.9%  while price was flat. The zone improved its growth momentum sequentially while achieving positive volume/mix for the sixth consecutive quarter. It was notably led by further progress in EDP  supported by functional products  and particularly the YoPro  Alpro  and Actimel brands. Specialized Nutrition registered resilient growth  driven by Medical Nutrition  while Waters posted strong growth ahead of the summer season  notably led by evian  Volvic and Zywiec Zdroj brands.In North America  LFL sales were up +3.7%  with volume/mix at +0.9% and price at +2.8%. This solid growth was led by the consistent winning momentum in High Protein products  under the Oikos brand. Coffee Creamers registered a soft start to the year  impacted by temporary service challenges  in a competitive category. Medical Nutrition posted strong growth across the portfolio  while evian and Harmless Harvest drove double-digit growth in Waters.In China  North Asia & Oceania  LFL sales were up +9.9%  with strong volume/mix at +10.4% and price at -0.5%. In Specialized Nutrition  Infant Milk Formula continued to consistently gain market shares  with Essensis as a key driver  while Medical Nutrition saw continued strong demand. In Waters  Mizone delivered double-digit growth  while EDP in Japan sustained its strong performance with further market share gains.In Latin America  LFL sales were up +9.0%  with volume/mix at -2.1% and price at +11.1%. Specialized Nutrition posted strong growth  led by the Aptamil brand across the region  while EDP registered solid growth  sustained by YoPro  Danone  and Danette brands.In the Rest of the World  LFL sales increased by +3.3%  with volume/mix at -1.0% and price at +4.3%. The performance was led by the continued growth of EDP in Africa  especially in Morocco  and the solid growth of Specialized Nutrition  notably in India and Middle East  while Waters was impacted by adverse weather conditions.Sales by geography by categoryQ1 2025Europe North America China  North Asia & Oceania AMEA  CIS &Latin America Total Sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) Sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) Sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) Sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) Sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) EDP 1 103 +1.5% 1 459 +2.9% 95 +8.8% 725 +8.5% 3 381 +3.7% Specialized Nutrition 799 +1.0% 97 +9.2% 665 +10.0% 745 +5.7% 2 306 +5.3% Waters 487 +4.7% 77 +13.1% 176 +10.2% 415 -0.2% 1 156 +4.1% Total Company 2 389 +2.0% 1 633 +3.7% 936 +9.9% 1 885 +5.3% 6 844 +4.3%II. 2025 GUIDANCE2025 guidance confirmed  in line with mid-term ambition: LFL sales growth expected between +3% and +5%  with recurring operating income growing faster than sales.III. RECENT MAJOR DEVELOPMENTSMarch 14  2025: Danone has completed its share buyback announced on February 26  2025. 2.7 million shares have been bought back between March 3 and March 14  2025  for a total amount of €192 million. The objective of this share buyback is to offset the dilutive impact resulting from the capital increases reserved to employees and the long-term incentive plans to be implemented in 2025.Danone has completed its share buyback announced on February 26  2025. 2.7 million shares have been bought back between March 3 and March 14  2025  for a total amount of €192 million. The objective of this share buyback is to offset the dilutive impact resulting from the capital increases reserved to employees and the long-term incentive plans to be implemented in 2025. April 1  2025: Danone successfully issued an €800 million bond with an 8-year maturity and a 3.438% coupon. The settlement took place on April 7  2025  and the bonds are listed on Euronext Paris. The bond issue was widely subscribed by a diversified investor base  confirming the high confidence in Danone’s business model and credit profile.IV. ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES NOT DEFINED BY IFRSIAS 29: impact on reported dataDanone has applied IAS 29 in hyperinflationary countries  as defined in IFRS. Adoption of IAS 29 in hyperinflationary countries requires their non-monetary assets and liabilities and their income statement to be restated to reflect the changes in the general purchasing power of their functional currency  leading to a gain or loss on the net monetary position  included in the net income. Moreover  their financial statements are converted into euros using the closing exchange rate of the relevant period.IAS 29: impact on reported data Q1 2025 Sales (€m) -11.8 Sales growth (%) -0.17%Definitions of geographical zonesEurope refers to European countries.North America refers to the United States and Canada.China  North Asia & Oceania refers to China  Japan  Australia and New Zealand.Latin America refers to Mexico  Brazil  Argentina and Uruguay.Rest of the World refers to Asia  Middle East including Turkey  Africa and CIS.Financial indicators not defined in IFRSDue to rounding  the sum of values presented may differ from totals as reported. Such differences are not material.Like-for-like changes in sales reflect Danone's organic performance and essentially exclude the impact of:changes in consolidation scope  with indicators related to a given fiscal year calculated on the basis of the previous year's scope;changes in applicable accounting principles;changes in exchange rates  with both previous-year and current-year indicators calculated using the same exchange rate (the exchange rate used is a projected annual rate determined by Danone for the current year and applied to both previous and current years).Since January 1  2023  all countries with hyperinflationary economies are taken into account in like-for-like changes as follows: sales growth in excess of around 26% per year (a three-year average at 26% would generally trigger the application of hyperinflationary accounting as defined in IFRS) is now excluded from the like-for-like sales growth calculation.Bridge from like-for-like data to reported data(€ million except %) 2024 sales Like-for-like change Impact of changesin scope of consolidation Impact of changes in exchange rates & others incl. IAS 29 Contribution of hyperinflation Reported change 2025 sales Q1 6 789 +4.3% -3.0% -1.3% +0.8% +0.8% 6 844Recurring operating income is defined as Danone’s operating income excluding Other operating income and expenses. Other operating income and expenses comprise items that  because of their significant or unusual nature  cannot be viewed as inherent to Danone’s recurring activity and have limited predictive value  thus distorting the assessment of its recurring operating performance and its evolution. These mainly include:capital gains and losses on disposals of businesses and fully consolidated companies;impairment charges on intangible assets with indefinite useful lives;costs related to strategic restructuring operations or transformation plans;costs related to major external growth transactions;costs related to crises and major disputes;in connection with IFRS 3 and IFRS 10  (i) acquisition costs related to acquisitions of companies resulting in control  (ii) revaluation gains or losses accounted for following a loss of control  and (iii) changes in earn-outs subsequent to acquisitions resulting in control.Recurring operating margin is defined as the Recurring operating income over Sales ratio.o o O o oFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Danone. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by forward-looking words  such as “estimate”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “project”  “plan”  “intend”  “objective”  “believe”  “forecast”  “guidance”  “foresee”  “likely”  “may”  “should”  “goal”  “target”  “might”  “will”  “could”  “predict”  “continue”  “convinced” and “confident ” the negative or plural of these words and other comparable terminology. Forward looking statements in this document include  but are not limited to  predictions of future activities  operations  direction  performance and results of Danone.Although Danone believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. For a detailed description of these risks and uncertainties  please refer to the “Risk Factor” section of Danone’s Universal Registration Document (the current version of which is available at www.danone.com).Subject to regulatory requirements  Danone does not undertake to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements. This document does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy Danone securities.The presentation to analysts and investors will be broadcast live today from 8:15 a.m. (Paris time)on Danone’s website (www.danone.com).Related slides will also be available on the website in the Investors section.All references in this document to Like-for-like (LFL) changes  Recurring operating income and margin  correspond to alternative performance measures not defined by IFRS. Their definitions  as well as their reconciliation with financial statements  are listed on pages 3 and 4.Attachment,neutral,0.47,0.53,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.2,0.24,True,English,"['Strong start', 'health-oriented portfolio', 'Danone', 'year', 'relevance', 'I. FIRST QUARTER SALES', 'LFL sales growth Volume', 'Latin America Total Sales', 'sixth consecutive quarter', 'Antoine de Saint-Affrique', 'current uncertain environment', 'diversified channel footprint', 'value creation model', 'temporary service challenges', 'Infant Milk Formula', 'adverse weather conditions', '2025 First Quarter Sales', 'recurring operating income', 'market share gains', 'Zywiec Zdroj brands', 'High Protein products', 'consistent winning momentum', 'GEOGRAPHICAL ZONE Europe', 'Europe LFL sales', 'North America China', 'positive volume', 'growth momentum', 'operating segment', 'functional products', 'market shares', 'Broad-based growth', 'Solid growth', 'resilient growth', 'strong growth', 'double-digit growth', 'Actimel brands', 'Danette brands', 'Total Company', 'North Asia', 'LFL) basis', 'Press release', '7:30am CEST', 'Strong start', 'Consistent progress', 'mid-term ambition', 'Specialized Nutrition', 'CEO statement', 'science-based innovations', 'patient-centric approach', 'negative impact', 'Horizon Organic', 'several currencies', 'Mexican Peso', 'Argentine Peso', 'Turkish Lira', 'Medical Nutrition', 'summer season', 'Oikos brand', 'Coffee Creamers', 'soft start', 'competitive category', 'Harmless Harvest', 'key driver', 'strong demand', 'Aptamil brand', 'Middle East', 'mix growth', 'continued growth', 'health-oriented portfolio', 'Strong Q1', 'strong performance', 'health-focused portfolio', 'category Q1', 'Q1 2024 Q1', 'solid volume/mix', 'strong volume/mix', 'CATEGORY EDP', 'Paris', 'April', 'year', 'relevance', 'Contributions', 'price', 'categories', 'resilience', 'business', 'Oceania', '2025 guidance', 'line', 'Rest', 'World', 'Waters', 'strength', 'execution', 'consumer', 'increase', 'scope', 'Wallaby', 'forex', 'depreciation', 'Brazilian', 'Real', 'hyperinflation', 'YoPro', 'Alpro', 'evian', 'Volvic', 'Essensis', 'Mizone', 'Japan', 'region', 'Danone', 'Africa', 'Morocco', 'India', 'geography', 'AMEA', 'CIS']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,globenewswire.com
50259,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/23/3066096/0/en/BE-Semiconductor-Industries-N-V-Announces-Q1-25-Results.html,BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. Announces Q1-25 Results,Q1-25 Revenue of € 144.1 Million and Net Income of € 31.5 MillionOrders of € 131.9 Million Up 8.2% vs. Q4-24            DUIVEN  The Netherlands  April ...,"Q1-25 Revenue of € 144.1 Million and Net Income of € 31.5 MillionOrders of € 131.9 Million Up 8.2% vs. Q4-24DUIVEN  The Netherlands  April 23  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. (the ""Company"" or ""Besi"") (Euronext Amsterdam: BESI; OTC markets: BESIY)  a leading manufacturer of assembly equipment for the semiconductor industry  today announced its results for the first quarter ended March 31  2025.Key HighlightsRevenue of € 144.1 million  down 6.1% vs. Q4-24 due primarily to lower shipments for high-end mobile applications. Vs. Q1-24  down 1.5% due to lower shipments for mobile and automotive applications partially offset by strong growth in hybrid bonding and other AI related computing applicationsOrders of € 131.9 million up 8.2% vs. Q4-24 primarily due to increased bookings by Asian subcontractors for AI related data center applications. Up 3.3% vs. Q1-24 due to higher bookings for hybrid bonding and other advanced computing applicationsGross margin of 63.6% decreased by 0.4 points vs. Q4-24 and 3.6 points vs. Q1-24 due primarily to a less favorable product mix and  to a lesser extent  adverse net forex influencesNet income of € 31.5 million decreased 46.9% vs. Q4-24 primarily due to the absence of an € 18.2 million net tax benefit recognized in Q4-24  lower revenue and higher consulting costs. Down 7.4% vs. Q1-24 primarily due to lower revenue and gross margins partially offset by an 8.9% decrease in operating expenses. Similarly  Besi’s net margin declined to 21.9% vs. 38.6% in Q4-24 and 23.2% in Q1-24Ex share-based incentive compensation and tax benefits  Besi’s adjusted net income (net margin) was € 35.9 million (24.9%) in Q1-25 vs. € 43.2 million (28.2%) in Q4-24 and € 49.5 million (33.8%) in Q1-24Net cash of € 159.4 million increased € 15.6 million  or 10.8%  vs. Q4-24OutlookRevenue expected to be flat (plus or minus 10%) vs. € 144.1 million reported in Q1-25Gross margin expected to range between 62-64% vs. 63.6% realized in Q1-25Operating expenses expected to decrease 0-10% vs. € 52.5 million in Q1-25(€ millions  except EPS) Q1-2025 Q4-2024 Δ Q1-2024Δ Revenue 144.1 153.4 -6.1% 146.3 -1.5% Orders 131.9 121.9 +8.2% 127.7 +3.3% Gross Margin 63.6% 64.0% -0.4 67.2% -3.6 Operating Income 39.3 50.6 -22.3% 40.7 -3.4% EBITDA 46.6 58.0 -19.7% 47.5 -1.9% Net Income* 31.5 59.3 -46.9% 34.0 -7.4% Net Margin* 21.9 38.6% -16.7 23.2% -1.3 EPS (basic) 0.40 0.75 -46.7% 0.44 -9.1% EPS (diluted) 0.40 0.74 -45.9% 0.44 -9.1% Net Cash and Deposits 159.4 143.8 +10.8% 180.9 -11.9%* Excluding share-based compensation expense and an € 18.2 million net tax benefit recognized in Q4-24  Besi’s adjusted net income (net margin) would have been € 35.9 million (24.9%)  € 43.2 million (28.2%) and € 49.5 million (33.8%) in Q1-25  Q4-24 and Q1-24  respectively.Richard W. Blickman  President and Chief Executive Officer of Besi  commented:“Besi reported solid first quarter results and important new advanced packaging orders in a challenging market environment. Revenue of € 144.1 million was down 1.5% versus Q1-24 due to ongoing weakness in mobile and automotive end user markets partially offset by strong revenue growth from hybrid bonding and other AI related computing applications. In contrast  orders increased 3.3% versus Q1-24 and 8.2% versus Q4-24 due primarily to increased bookings by Asian subcontractors for AI related data center applications which more than offset weakness in mobile  automotive and Chinese end user markets.Of note  significant progress was made on Besi’s wafer level assembly agenda this quarter as we received hybrid bonding orders from two leading memory producers for HBM 4 applications as well as follow-on orders from a leading Asian foundry for logic applications. Further  important announcements were made by two leading semiconductor producers with respect to future hybrid bonding applications such as ASICs and co packaged optics. In addition  a leading US logic manufacturer successfully began production of AI related logic devices utilizing Besi’s hybrid bonders in integrated production lines.Besi’s profitability in Q1-25 remained at attractive levels despite ongoing weakness in mainstream assembly markets and expanded R&D investment in next generation assembly solutions for AI applications. Net income of € 31.5 million decreased 7.4% vs. Q1-24 primarily due to lower revenue and gross margins realized partially offset by an 8.9% decrease in operating expenses. Our gross margin has trended toward the lower end of our target range over the past three quarters due primarily to a less favorable product mix  particularly with respect to high-end smartphones  and net forex headwinds beginning in the second half of 2024 from adverse movements in some of our principal transaction currencies versus the euro. In addition  cash flow generation remains very positive with net cash at quarter end increasing 10.8% vs. Q4-24 to reach € 159.4 million.On April 14  Applied Materials announced a 9% ownership position in Besi. Besi and Applied Materials have been successfully collaborating since 2020 to co-develop the industry’s first fully integrated equipment solution for die-based hybrid bonding. The collaboration brings together Applied’s expertise in front-end wafer and chip processing with Besi’s leadership position in bonding accuracy and speed. We view their shareholding as a strategic  long-term investment and a further validation of our wafer level assembly technology and strategy.Our business development this year reflects the contrasting growth trends seen in the assembly equipment market between AI and mainstream applications. The timing and trajectory of a mainstream assembly upturn is more difficult to predict now given new tariff uncertainties. However  demand for advanced packaging for AI applications remains strong given upcoming new device introductions and use cases planned in the 2026-2028 time period. We continue to assess the potential impact of tariffs on Besi’s customers  supply chain and end user markets. For Q2-25  we forecast that revenue will be flat plus or minus 10% versus Q1-25 with gross margins in a range of 62%-64%. In addition  aggregate operating expenses are forecast to decrease 0-10% versus Q1-25 primarily due to a reduction in strategic consulting costs.”Share Repurchase ActivityDuring the quarter  Besi repurchased approximately 187 000 of its ordinary shares at an average price of € 117.95 per share for a total of € 22.1 million. Cumulatively  as of March 31  2025  a total of € 51.4 million has been purchased under the current € 100 million share repurchase plan at an average price of € 114.64 per share. As of March 31  2025  Besi held approximately 2.0 million shares in treasury equal to 2.5% of its shares outstanding.Investor and media conference callA conference call and webcast for investors and media will be held today at 4:00 pm CET (10:00 am EDT). To register for the conference call and/or to access the audio webcast and webinar slides  please visit www.besi.com.Important Dates • Annual General Meeting of Shareholders April 23  2025 • Investor Day/Amsterdam June 12  2025 • Publication Q2/semi-annual results July 24  2025 • Publication Q3/nine-month results October 23  2025 • Publication Q4/full year results February 2026 Dividend Information* • Proposed ex-dividend date April 25  2025 • Proposed record date April 28  2025 • Proposed payment of 2024 dividend Starting May 2  2025* Subject to approval at Besi’s AGM on April 23  2025Basis of PresentationThe accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as adopted by the European Union. Reference is made to the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements as included in our 2024 Annual Report  which is available on www.besi.com.Contacts:Richard W. Blickman  President & CEOAndrea Kopp-Battaglia  Senior Vice President FinanceClaudia Vissers  Executive Secretary/IR coordinatorEdmond Franco  VP Corporate Development/US IR coordinatorMichael Sullivan  Investor RelationsTel. (31) 26 319 4500investor.relations@besi.comAbout BesiBesi is a leading manufacturer of assembly equipment supplying a broad portfolio of advanced packaging solutions to the semiconductor and electronics industries. We offer customers high levels of accuracy  reliability and throughput at a lower cost of ownership with a principal focus on wafer level and substrate assembly solutions. Customers are primarily leading semiconductor manufacturers  foundries  assembly subcontractors and electronics and industrial companies. Besi’s ordinary shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (symbol: BESI). Its Level 1 ADRs are listed on the OTC markets (symbol: BESIY) and its headquarters are located in Duiven  the Netherlands. For more information  please visit our website at www.besi.com.Caution Concerning Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains statements about management's future expectations  plans and prospects of our business that constitute forward-looking statements  which are found in various places throughout the press release  including  but not limited to  statements relating to expectations of orders  net sales  product shipments  expenses  timing of purchases of assembly equipment by customers  gross margins  operating results and capital expenditures. The use of words such as “anticipate”  “estimate”  “expect”  “can”  “intend”  “believes”  “may”  “plan”  “predict”  “project”  “forecast”  “will”  “would”  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. The financial guidance set forth under the heading “Outlook” contains such forward-looking statements. While these forward-looking statements represent our judgments and expectations concerning the development of our business  a number of risks  uncertainties and other important factors could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements  including any inability to maintain continued demand for our products; failure of anticipated orders to materialize or postponement or cancellation of orders  generally without charges; the volatility in the demand for semiconductors and our products and services; the extent and duration of the COVID-19 and other global pandemics and the associated adverse impacts on the global economy  financial markets  global supply chains and our operations as well as those of our customers and suppliers; failure to develop new and enhanced products and introduce them at competitive price levels; failure to adequately decrease costs and expenses as revenues decline; loss of significant customers  including through industry consolidation or the emergence of industry alliances; lengthening of the sales cycle; acts of terrorism and violence; disruption or failure of our information technology systems; consolidation activity and industry alliances in the semiconductor industry that may result in further increased customer concentration  inability to forecast demand and inventory levels for our products; the integrity of product pricing and protection of our intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions; risks  such as changes in trade regulations  conflict minerals regulations  currency fluctuations  political instability and war  associated with substantial foreign customers  suppliers and foreign manufacturing operations  particularly to the extent occurring in the Asia Pacific region where we have a substantial portion of our production facilities; potential instability in foreign capital markets; the risk of failure to successfully manage our diverse operations; any inability to attract and retain skilled personnel  including as a result of restrictions on immigration  travel or the availability of visas for skilled technology workers.In addition  the United States and other countries have recently levied tariffs and taxes on certain goods and could significantly increase or impose new tariffs on a broad array of goods. They have imposed  and may continue to impose  new trade restrictions and export regulations. Increased or new tariffs and additional taxes  including any retaliatory measures  trade restrictions and export regulations  could negatively impact end-user demand and customer investment in semiconductor equipment  increase Besi’s supply chain complexity and manufacturing costs  decrease margins  reduce the competitiveness of our products or restrict our ability to sell products  provide services or purchase necessary equipment and supplies. Any or all of the foregoing factor could have a material and adverse effect on our business  results of operations or financial condition. In addition  investors should consider those additional risk factors set forth in Besi's annual report for the year ended December 31  2024 and other key factors that could adversely affect our businesses and financial performance contained in our filings and reports  including our statutory consolidated statements. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Consolidated Statements of Operations (€ thousands  except share and per share data)Three Months EndedMarch 31 (unaudited) 2025 2024 Revenue 144 145 146 314 Cost of sales 52 423 48 043 Gross profit 91 722 98 271 Selling  general and administrative expenses 32 958 39 641 Research and development expenses 19 502 17 919 Total operating expenses 52 460 57 560 Operating income 39 262 40 711 Financial expense  net 2 959 589 Income before taxes 36 303 40 122 Income tax expense 4 797 6 143 Net income 31 506 33 979 Net income per share – basic 0.40 0.44 Net income per share – diluted 0.40 0.44 Number of shares used in computing per share amounts: - basic 79 228 071 77 181 326 - diluted 1 81 522 177 82 106 146_____________________________1) The calculation of diluted income per share assumes the exercise of equity settled share based payments and the conversion of all Convertible Notes outstandingConsolidated Balance Sheets (€ thousands) March31  2025(unaudited) December31  2024(audited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents 405 736 342 319 Deposits 280 000 330 000 Trade receivables 170 440 181 862 Inventories 103 836 103 285 Other current assets 46 099 40 927 Total current assets 1 006 111 998 393 Property  plant and equipment 42 868 44 773 Right of use assets 15 161 15 726 Goodwill 45 610 46 010 Other intangible assets 98 622 96 677 Deferred tax assets 29 240 31 567 Other non-current assets 1 347 1 330 Total non-current assets 232 848 236 083 Total assets 1 238 959 1 234 476 Bank overdraft 840 776 Current portion of long-term debt - 2 042 Trade payables 46 598 52 630 Other current liabilities 111 170 111 531 Total current liabilities 158 608 166 979 Long-term debt 525 493 525 653 Lease liabilities 11 770 12 350 Deferred tax liabilities 10 416 10 320 Other non-current liabilities 19 328 17 910 Total non-current liabilities 567 007 566 233 Total equity 513 344 501 264 Total liabilities and equity 1 238 959 1 234 476Consolidated Cash Flow Statements (€ thousands)Three Months Ended March 31 (unaudited)2025 2024 Cash flows from operating activities: Income before income tax 36 303 40 122 Depreciation and amortization 7 307 6 813 Share based payment expense 4 441 16 900 Financial expense  net 2 959 589 Changes in working capital (2 113 ) (3 251 ) Interest (paid) received (2 887 ) 1 169 Income tax (paid) received (1 575 ) (2 089 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 44 435 60 253 Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures (1 733 ) (5 650 ) Capitalized development expenses (6 737 ) (4 663 ) Repayments of (investments in) deposits 50 000 10 000 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 41 530 (313 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from bank lines of credit 64 - Payments of lease liabilities (1 114 ) (1 043 ) Purchase of treasury shares (22 064 ) (14 779 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (23 114 ) (15 822 ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 62 851 44 118 Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 566 (542 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 342 319 188 477 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 405 736 232 053",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.24,0.47,True,English,"['BE Semiconductor Industries N.V.', 'Q1-25 Results', 'BE Semiconductor Industries N.V.', 'AI related data center applications', 'other AI related computing applications', 'important new advanced packaging orders', 'other advanced computing applications', 'AI related logic devices', 'less favorable product mix', 'two leading memory producers', 'two leading semiconductor producers', 'Ex share-based incentive compensation', 'next generation assembly solutions', 'Chinese end user markets', '€ 18.2 million net tax benefit', 'leading US logic manufacturer', 'adverse net forex influences', 'automotive end user markets', 'future hybrid bonding applications', 'solid first quarter results', 'share-based compensation expense', 'mainstream assembly markets', 'Richard W. Blickman', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'challenging market environment', 'wafer level assembly', 'R&D investment', 'past three quarters', 'principal transaction currencies', 'net forex headwinds', 'cash flow generation', 'leading Asian foundry', 'higher consulting costs', 'integrated production lines', 'AI applications', 'high-end mobile applications', 'logic applications', 'strong revenue growth', 'hybrid bonding orders', 'leading manufacturer', 'automotive applications', 'semiconductor industry', 'quarter end', 'HBM 4 applications', 'important announcements', 'tax benefits', 'OTC markets', 'assembly equipment', 'strong growth', 'lower end', 'adverse movements', 'Net cash', 'high-end smartphones', 'Net Income', 'net margin', 'Asian subcontractors', 'hybrid bonders', 'The Netherlands', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Key Highlights', 'lower shipments', 'Gross margin', 'lesser extent', 'operating expenses', 'Operating Income', 'significant progress', 'packaged optics', 'attractive levels', 'target range', 'second half', 'Applied Materials', '9% ownership position', 'higher bookings', 'lower revenue', 'ongoing weakness', 'Vs. Q1', 'Q1-25 Revenue', 'Δ Revenue', 'Q4', 'DUIVEN', 'April', 'Company', 'BESI', '0.4 points', '3.6 points', 'absence', '8.9% decrease', 'Q1-24', 'Outlook', 'EPS', 'EBITDA', 'Deposits', 'President', 'contrast', 'note', 'respect', 'ASICs', 'addition', 'profitability']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,globenewswire.com
50260,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/23/3066859/0/en/Galapagos-Reports-First-Quarter-2025-Financial-Results-Recent-Business-Highlights-and-Near-Term-Catalysts.html,Galapagos Reports First Quarter 2025 Financial Results  Recent Business Highlights and Near-Term Catalysts,First U.S. patient dosed in ATALANTA-1 study of GLPG5101  Mantle cell lymphoma (MCL)  a high-unmet-need hematological malignancy  selected as lead......,First U.S. patient dosed in ATALANTA-1 study of GLPG5101Mantle cell lymphoma (MCL)  a high-unmet-need hematological malignancy  selected as lead indication for the GLPG5101 program; Pivotal development planned to start in 2026 and aiming for approval in 2028Executive leadership changes with Dr. Paul Stoffels retiring as CEO upon appointment of his successor while continuing as Chair of the Board  Thad Huston departing as CFO/COO on August 1  2025  and Henry Gosebruch appointed Founding CEO of Galapagos subsidiary SpinCo€3.3 billion in cash and financial investments as of March 31  2025; Normalized annual cash burn guidance  excluding restructuring costs  in the range of €175 million - €225 million reaffirmedManagement to host conference call and webcast tomorrow  April 24  2025  at 14:00 CET / 08:00 EDTMechelen  Belgium; April 23  2025  22:01 CET; regulated information – Galapagos NV (Euronext & Nasdaq: GLPG)  a global biotechnology company dedicated to transforming patient outcomes through life-changing science and innovation  today reported its financial and operational results for the first quarter of 2025.“We are making progress toward the planned separation announced early this year  positioning Galapagos to be a leader in cell therapy  focused on addressing the high unmet needs of patients with hematologic malignancies with our potential best-in-class cell therapies ” said Paul Stoffels1  MD  CEO and Chair of the Board of Directors of Galapagos. “Our unique decentralized manufacturing platform is designed to deliver fresh  stem-like  early memory cells with a vein-to-vein time of seven days  and aims to redefine cell therapy by providing faster and broader access with the potential for improved patient outcomes. In addition to the first U.S. patient now dosed in the ATALANTA-1 study of GLPG5101  we have selected mantle cell lymphoma as the lead registrational indication for the program. GLPG5101 is being advanced toward pivotal development in 2026  with the goal of obtaining the first approval in 2028. This is just the beginning of our broader mission of bringing GLPG5101 to more patients impacted by hematological malignancies across eight indications with high unmet need.”“In parallel with advancing GLPG5101 toward pivotal development  we have established operations in China that enable us to accelerate the development and value creation of our next-generation cell therapy pipeline ” stated Thad Huston  COO and CFO of Galapagos. “We continue to maintain financial discipline  ending the first quarter of 2025 with €3.3 billion in cash  and reaffirming a normalized annual cash burn within the previously guided range of €175 million to €225 million post-separation  excluding restructuring costs. Finally  we are making progress toward the planned separation of SpinCo by mid-2025  and we are happy to welcome Henry Gosebruch as SpinCo’s Founding CEO.”FIRST QUARTER 2025  RECENT BUSINESS UPDATE AND NEAR-TERM CATALYSTSClinical Pipeline: Near-Term Value DriverATALANTA-1 Phase 1/2 study of GLPG5101: CD19 CAR-T candidate in eight2 hematological malignancies with high unmet needDemonstrated encouraging safety and efficacy profile in heavily pre-treated  relapsed/refractory patients  underscoring the potential differentiated benefits of Galapagos’ unique decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform that aims to deliver fresh  stem-like early memory CAR-T therapy with a vein-to-vein time of seven days.First U.S. patient dosed  with continued enrollment progressing across existing European clinical trial sites.Additional cohort evaluating patients with Richter transformation (RT) opened  with patient enrollment expected to commence in the coming months.Preparations underway to add a chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) cohort  with patient enrollment anticipated to start in the second half of 2025  subject to study protocol approval.Fully enrolled the indolent NHL (follicular lymphoma/marginal zone lymphoma) cohort  with new Phase 1/2 topline results expected to be presented at a medical conference in the first half of 2025.Patient enrollment in the Mantle Cell Lymphoma (MCL) cohort is progressing  with updated Phase 1/2 topline results expected to be presented at a medical conference in the second half of 2025.MCL  a high-unmet-need lymphoma due to its aggressive nature  frequent relapses  limited durable treatment options  and post Bruton’s tyrosine kinase (BTK) inhibitor relapse  has been selected as the lead indication for GLPG5101 pivotal development  which is planned to start in 2026.PAPILIO-1 Phase 1/2 study of GLPG5301: BCMA CAR-T candidate in relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma (R/R MM)Patient enrollment in the Phase 1 part is progressing with topline results expected in 2026  which will guide Galapagos’ development strategy.Galapagos expects to present Phase 1 topline data at a future medical conference.Proprietary Early-Stage Pipeline: Strong Foundation for Sustainable Value-CreationGalapagos further advanced its proprietary early-stage next-generation cell therapy pipeline  which comprises armed  multi-targeting cell therapy constructs designed to improve potency  prevent resistance  and improve persistence of CAR-Ts in hematological and solid tumors.Galapagos plans to initiate clinical development of a novel CAR-T candidate before the end of 2025 and to select at least one program for IND-enabling studies in 2025. In 2026  the pipeline is expected to be expanded with at least one additional next-generation program.Established operations in Shanghai to accelerate the development of the next-generation CAR-T pipeline.Differentiated Platform: Leverage Through Partnerships and Scaling-Up in Key MarketsAs part of its collaboration with Adaptimmune  Galapagos is advancing uza-cel  a MAGE-A4 directed TCR T-cell therapy candidate  in head and neck cancer and potential future solid tumor indications  using Galapagos decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform. Preparations are underway to start the clinical proof-of-concept study in 2026.Supported by its strong collaborations with Lonza (for the Cocoon® platform) and Thermo Fisher Scientific (for the development of an ultra-rapid PCR sterility test together with miDiagnostics)  Galapagos is scaling up its network of decentralized manufacturing units (DMUs). Following earlier collaboration agreements in 2025 with Catalent (NY/NJ/PA regions) and NecstGen (Benelux region)  Galapagos recently signed a collaboration agreement with the Moffitt Cancer Center in Florida to support its cell therapy manufacturing.Additional DMUs will be integrated into the Company’s network in the U.S. and Europe to ensure sufficient capacity for clinical and future commercial supply in key regions.Planned Separation: Galapagos and SpinCoThe planned separation of Galapagos NV into two independently operating entities is subject to the receipt of approval from shareholders  as well as certain other customary conditions  and is expected by mid-2025.SpinCo will be a new biotechnology company  with the purpose of identifying transaction opportunities and investing to build a pipeline of innovative medicines with demonstrated proof-of-concept through one or more transformative transactions  with an initial focus in oncology  immunology  and virology. SpinCo will execute on its business plan by acquiring products  product candidates  or research and development programs  either directly or through the acquisition of one or more companies operating in these therapeutic focus areas. SpinCo will initially be funded with approximately €2.45 billion in cash and cash equivalents from Galapagos.On April 21  2025  Galapagos announced that its Board of Directors appointed Henry Gosebruch as Founding CEO of SpinCo.The consultations with the works councils in Belgium  the Netherlands  and France have been completed.As announced in January 2025  Galapagos is seeking partners to take over its small molecule research portfolio and GLPG3667  its oral TYK2 inhibitor currently in Phase 3-enabling studies for systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and dermatomyositis (DM)  with topline data expected in the first half of 2026. GLPG3667 represents a best-in-class opportunity in a growing TYK2 inhibitors market  which is projected to exceed $3.0 billion by 20303.Corporate UpdateOn April 21  2025  Galapagos announced that Paul Stoffels plans to retire from his role as CEO upon appointment of a successor in the next 12 months  and to remain as Non-Executive Chair of the Galapagos Board of Directors  subject to the reappointment as Director at the 2026 Annual General Meeting.On April 15  2025  Galapagos announced the departure of Thad Huston  CFO and COO  effective as of August 1  2025. Mr. Huston had decided to leave the Company and return to the U.S. for personal and professional reasons.FINANCIAL PERFORMANCEKey figures for the first quarter of 2025 (consolidated)(€ millions  except basic & diluted earnings/loss (-) per share)March 31  2025 March 31  2024 % Change Supply revenues 13.8 2.5 +452% Collaboration revenues 61.2 59.9 +2% Total net revenues 75.0 62.4 +20% Cost of sales (13.8) (2.5) +452% R&D expenses (182.7) (71.6) +155% G&Ai and S&Mii expenses (43.8) (30.8) +42% Other operating income 6.6 9.4 -30% Operating loss (158.7) (33.1) +379% Fair value adjustments and net exchange differences (9.4) 30.6 Net other financial result 11.8 25.4 -54% Income taxes 1.8 0.6 +200% Net profit/loss (-) from continuing operations (154.5) 23.5 Net profit from discontinued operations  net of tax 1.1 66.7 Net profit/loss (-) of the period (153.4) 90.2 Basic and diluted earnings/loss (-) per share (€) (2.3) 1.4 Financial investments  cash & cash equivalents 3 297.3 3 557.9DETAILS OF THE FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE FIRST QUARTER OF 2025Total operating loss from continuing operations for the three months ended March 31  2025  amounted to €158.7 million  compared to an operating loss of €33.1 million for the three months ended March 31  2024. This operating loss was negatively impacted by the planned strategic reorganization and separation  for a total of €111 million. This is reflected in severance costs of €47.5 million  costs for early termination of collaborations of €42.1 million  impairment on fixed assets related to small molecules activities of €10.2 million  deal costs of €6.6 million and €4.2 million accelerated non-cash cost recognition for subscription right plans related to good leavers.Total net revenues for the three months ended March 31  2025  amounted to €75.0 million  compared to €62.4 million for the three months ended March 31  2024. The revenue recognition related to the exclusive access rights granted to Gilead for Galapagos’ drug discovery platform amounted to €57.6 million for the three months ended March 31  for both 2025 and 2024. The deferred income balance at March 31  2025  includes €1.0 billion allocated to the Company’s drug discovery platform.for the three months ended March 31  2025  amounted to €75.0 million  compared to €62.4 million for the three months ended March 31  2024. The revenue recognition related to the exclusive access rights granted to Gilead for Galapagos’ drug discovery platform amounted to €57.6 million for the three months ended March 31  for both 2025 and 2024. The deferred income balance at March 31  2025  includes €1.0 billion allocated to the Company’s drug discovery platform. Cost of sales amounted to €13.8 million for the three months ended March 31  2025  and related to the supply of Jyseleca® to Alfasigma under the transition agreement. The related revenues are reported in total net revenues.amounted to €13.8 million for the three months ended March 31  2025  and related to the supply of Jyseleca® to Alfasigma under the transition agreement. The related revenues are reported in total net revenues. R&D expenses for the three months ended March 31  2025  amounted to €182.7 million  compared to €71.6 million for the three months ended March 31  2024. Increased personnel expenses (mainly related to severance costs)  impairment on fixed assets (related to small molecules programs) and costs for early termination of collaboration agreements lead to this increase in R&D expenses.for the three months ended March 31  2025  amounted to €182.7 million  compared to €71.6 million for the three months ended March 31  2024. Increased personnel expenses (mainly related to severance costs)  impairment on fixed assets (related to small molecules programs) and costs for early termination of collaboration agreements lead to this increase in R&D expenses. S&M and G&A expenses amounted to €43.8 million for the three months ended March 31  2025  compared to €30.8 million for the three months ended March 31  2024. This increase was mainly due to higher personnel costs (primarily severance costs) and higher legal and professional fees (deal costs).amounted to €43.8 million for the three months ended March 31  2025  compared to €30.8 million for the three months ended March 31  2024. This increase was mainly due to higher personnel costs (primarily severance costs) and higher legal and professional fees (deal costs). Other operating income of €9.4 million for the three months ended March 31  2024  decreased to €6.6 million for the three months ended March 31  2025  mainly driven by lower grant and R&D incentives income and no recharges to Alfasigma.Net financial income for the three months ended March 31  2025  amounted to €2.4 million  compared to net financial income of €56.0 million for the three months ended March 31  2024.Fair value adjustments and net currency exchange results amounted to a negative amount of €9.4 million for the three months ended March 31  2025  compared to positive fair value adjustments and net currency exchange gains for the three months ended March 31  2024  of €30.6 million and were primarily attributable to €4.3 million of positive changes in fair value of financial investments  offset by €13.7 million of unrealized currency exchange losses on our cash and cash equivalents and financial investments at amortized cost in U.S. dollars.amounted to a negative amount of €9.4 million for the three months ended March 31  2025  compared to positive fair value adjustments and net currency exchange gains for the three months ended March 31  2024  of €30.6 million and were primarily attributable to €4.3 million of positive changes in fair value of financial investments  offset by €13.7 million of unrealized currency exchange losses on our cash and cash equivalents and financial investments at amortized cost in U.S. dollars. Net other financial income for the three months ended March 31  2025  amounted to €11.8 million  compared to net other financial income of €25.4 million for the three months ended March 31  2024. Net interest income amounted to €12.0 million for the three months ended March 31  2025  compared to €25.2 million of net interest income for the three months ended March 31  2024  due to a decrease in the interest rates.The Company reported a net loss from continuing operations for the three months ended March 31  2025  of €154.5 million  compared to a net profit from its continuing operations of €23.5 million for the three months ended March 31  2024.Net profit from discontinued operations related to Jyseleca® amounted to €1.1 million  compared to net profit amounting to €66.7 million for the three months ended March 31  2024. The operating profit from discontinued operations for the three months ended March 31  2024  was mainly related to the gain on the sale of the Jyseleca® business to Alfasigma of €52.3 million.Galapagos reported a net loss for the three months ended March 31  2025  of €153.4 million  compared to a net profit of €90.2 million for the three months ended March 31  2024.Cash positionFinancial investments and cash and cash equivalents totaled €3 297.3 million on March 31  2025  as compared to €3 317.8 million on December 31  2024.Total net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and financial investments amounted to €20.5 million during the first three months of 2025  compared to a net decrease of €126.6 million during the first three months of 2024. This net decrease was composed of (i) €37.1 million of operational cash burn  (ii) €15.3 million of negative exchange rate differences  positive changes in fair value of current financial investments  variation in accrued interest income and loans to third parties  partly offset by (iii) €19.7 million of net cash in related to the sale of the Jyseleca® business to Alfasigma (mainly partial release from the escrow account)  (iv) €12.2 million of net cash is related to the sale of a subsidiary.FINANCIAL GUIDANCEAs of March 31  2025  Galapagos had approximately €3.3 billion in cash and financial investments. Galapagos intends to separate into two publicly traded companies and to establish SpinCo with approximately €2.45 billion in current cash. Following this planned transaction  Galapagos expects its normalized annual cash burn to be between €175 million and €225 million  excluding restructuring costs. Upon separation  Galapagos expects to have approximately €500 million in cash to accelerate its pipeline and fund its operations to 2028.CONFERENCE CALL AND WEBCAST PRESENTATIONGalapagos will host a conference call and webcast presentation on April 24  2025  at 14:00 CET / 08:00 EDT. To participate in the conference call  please register using this link. Dial-in numbers will be provided upon registration. The conference call can be accessed 10 minutes prior to the start of the call using the access information provided in the e-mail received upon registration or by using the “call me” feature. The live webcast is available on glpg.com or via the following link. The archived webcast will be available for replay shortly after the close of the call on the investor section of the website.CORPORATE CALENDAR 2025Date Details April 29 Annual Shareholders’ meeting July 23 Half Year 2025 results (webcast July 24  2025) October 22 Third Quarter 2025 results (webcast October 23  2025)About GalapagosWe are a biotechnology company with operations in Europe  the U.S.  and Asia  dedicated to transforming patient outcomes through life-changing science and innovation for more years of life and quality of life. Focusing on high unmet medical needs  we synergize compelling science  technology  and collaborative approaches to create a deep pipeline of best-in-class medicines. With capabilities from lab to patient  including a decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform  we are committed to challenging the status quo and delivering results for our patients  employees  and shareholders. Our goal is not just to meet current medical needs but to anticipate and shape the future of healthcare  ensuring that our innovations reach those who need them most. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or X.For further information  please contact:Media inquiries:Srikant Ramaswami+1 412 699 0359Marieke Vermeersch+32 479 490 603media@glpg.com Investor inquiries:Srikant Ramaswami+1 412 699 0359Glenn Schulman+1 412 522 6239ir@glpg.comForward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  all of which involve certain risks and uncertainties. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “believe ” “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “seek ” “upcoming ” “future ” “estimate ” “may ” “will ” “could ” “would ” “potential ” “forward ” “goal ” “next ” “continue ” “should ” “encouraging ” “aim ” “progress ” “remain ’ “explore ” “further” as well as similar expressions. These statements include  but are not limited to  the guidance from management regarding our financial results (including guidance regarding the expected operational use of cash for the fiscal year 2025)  statements regarding the intended separation of Galapagos into two public companies  the corporate reorganization and related transactions  including the expected timeline of such transactions  anticipated changes to the management and Board of Directors of each of Galapagos and SpinCo  and the anticipated benefits and synergies of such transactions  the receipt of regulatory and shareholder approvals for such transactions  statements regarding our regulatory outlook  statements regarding the amount and timing of potential future milestones  and potential future milestone payments  statements regarding our R&D plans  strategy and outlook  including progress on our oncology or immunology portfolio  and potential changes in such strategy and plans  statements regarding our pipeline and complementary technology platforms facilitating future growth  statements regarding our product candidates and partnered programs  and any of our future product candidates or approved products  if any  statements regarding the global R&D collaboration with Gilead and the amendment of our arrangement with Gilead for the commercialization and development of filgotinib  statements regarding the expected timing  design and readouts of our ongoing and planned preclinical studies and clinical trials  including but not limited to (i) GLPG3667 in SLE and DM  (ii) GLPG5101 in R/R NHL  CLL  MCL and other hematological malignancies  and (v) GLPG5301 in R/R MM  including recruitment for trials and interim or topline results for trials and studies in our portfolio  statements regarding the potential attributes and benefits of our product candidates  statements regarding our commercialization efforts for our product candidates and any of our future approved products  if any  statements about potential future commercial manufacturing of T-cell therapies  statements related to the IND application for the Phase 1/2 ATALANTA-1 study  statements related to the anticipated timing for submissions to regulatory agencies  including any INDs or CTAs  statements relating to the development of our distributed manufacturing capabilities on a global basis  and statements related to our portfolio goals  business plans  and sustainability plans. Galapagos cautions the reader that forward-looking statements are based on our management’s current expectations and beliefs and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements may involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which might cause actual events  financial condition and liquidity  performance or achievements  or the industry in which we operate  to be materially different from any historic or future results  financial conditions  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition  even if our results  performance  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. Such risks include  but are not limited to  the risk that our expectations and management’s guidance regarding our 2025 operating expenses  cash burn and other financial estimates may be incorrect (including because one or more of its assumptions underlying our revenue or expense expectations may not be realized)  the risks associated with the anticipated transactions  including the risk that regulatory and shareholder approvals required in connection with the transactions will not be received or obtained within the expected time frame or at all  the risk that the transactions and/or the necessary conditions to consummate the transactions will not be satisfied on a timely basis or at all  uncertainties regarding our ability to successfully separate Galapagos into two companies and realize the anticipated benefits from the separation within the expected time frame or at all  the two separate companies’ ability to succeed as stand-alone  publicly traded companies  the risk that costs of restructuring transactions and other costs incurred in connection with the transactions will exceed our estimates  the impact of the transactions on our businesses and the risk that the transactions may be more difficult  time consuming or costly than expected  the risk that Galapagos and SpinCo will encounter challenges retaining or attracting talent  that the CEO appointment may be disruptive to our or SpinCo’s (future) business operations  the risks related to the search and recruitment of a suitable successor for our Galapagos’ CEO and CFO & COO  risks related to our ability to effectively transfer knowledge  risks associated with Galapagos’ product candidates and partnered programs  including GLPG5101 and uza-cel  the risk that ongoing and future clinical trials may not be completed in the currently envisaged timelines or at all  the inherent risks and uncertainties associated with competitive developments  clinical trials  recruitment of patients  product development activities and regulatory approval requirements (including the risk that data from Galapagos’ ongoing and planned clinical research programs in DM  SLE  R/R NHL  RT  R/R MM and other oncologic indications or any other indications or diseases  may not support registration or further development of its product candidates due to safety or efficacy concerns or other reasons)  the risk that the preliminary and topline data from our studies  including the ATALANTA-1 and PAPILIO-1-studies  may not be reflective of the final data  risks related to our reliance on collaborations with third parties (including  but not limited to  our collaboration partners Gilead  Lonza and Adaptimmune)  the risk that the transfer of the Jyseleca® business will not have the currently expected results for our business and results of operations the risk that we will not be able to continue to execute on our currently contemplated business plan and/or will revise our business plan  including the risk that our plans with respect to CAR-T may not be achieved on the currently anticipated timeline or at all  the risk that our estimates regarding the commercial potential of our product candidates (if approved) or expectations regarding the costs and revenues associated with the commercialization rights may be inaccurate  and risks related to our strategic transformation exercise  including the risk that we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of such exercise on the currently envisaged timeline or at all and the risks related to geopolitical conflicts and macro-economic events. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in our filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  including in our most recent annual report on Form 20‐F filed with the SEC and our subsequent filings and reports filed with the SEC. Given these risks and uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. In addition  even if the result of our operations  financial condition and liquidity  or the industry in which we operate  are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results  performance or achievements in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this release. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this release to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances  unless specifically required by law or regulation.1 Throughout this press release  ‘Dr. Paul Stoffels’ should be read as ‘Dr. Paul Stoffels  acting via Stoffels IMC BV’2 7 cohorts opened for enrollment and preparations to add CLL (8th indication) cohort underway3 Based on consensus forecasts from Evaluate Pharma  which compiles analyst reports for each TYK2 assetThe operational cash burn (or operational cash flow if this liquidity measure is positive) is equal to the increase or decrease in the cash and cash equivalents (excluding the effect of exchange rate differences on cash and cash equivalents)  minus:• the net proceeds  if any  from share capital and share premium increases included in the net cash flows generated from/used in (-) financing activities• the net proceeds or cash used  if any  related to the acquisitions or disposals of businesses; the acquisition of financial assets held at fair value through other comprehensive income; the movement in restricted cash and movement in financial investments  if any  the cash advances and loans given to third parties  if any  included in the net cash flows generated from/used in (-) investing activities• the cash used for other liabilities related to the acquisition or disposal of businesses  if any  included in the net cash flows generated from/used in (-) operating activities.This alternative liquidity measure is in the view of the Company an important metric for a biotech company in the development stage. The operational cash burn for the three months ended March 31  2025  amounted to €37.1 million and can be reconciled to the cash flow statement by considering the increase in cash and cash equivalents of €45.1 million  adjusted by (i) the net sale of financial investments amounting to €51.8 million  (ii) the cash-in related to the sale of subsidiaries of €31.9 million  and (iii) the loans and advances given to third parties of €1.5 million.i General and administrativeii Sales and marketingAddendumConsolidated statements of income and comprehensive income/loss (-) (unaudited)Consolidated income statementThree months endedMarch 31 (thousands of €  except per share data) 2025 2024 Supply revenues 13 780 2 548 Collaboration revenues 61 197 59 884 Total net revenues 74 977 62 432 Cost of sales (13 729) (2 548) Research and development expenses (182 752) (71 614) Sales and marketing expenses (4 174) (2 907) General and administrative expenses (39 623) (27 881) Other operating income 6 593 9 387 Operating loss (158 708) (33 131) Fair value adjustments and net currency exchange differences (9 443) 30 613 Other financial income 12 564 25 707 Other financial expenses (780) (254) Profit/loss (-) before tax (156 367) 22 935 Income taxes 1 814 568 Net profit/loss (-) from continuing operations (154 553) 23 503 Net profit from discontinued operations  net of tax 1 150 66 717 Net profit/loss (-) (153 403) 90 220 Net profit/loss (-) attributable to: Owners of the parent (153 403) 90 220 Basic and diluted earnings/loss (-) per share (2.33) 1.37 Basic and diluted earnings/loss (-) per share from continuing operations (2.35) 0.36Consolidated statement of comprehensive income/loss (–)Three months endedMarch 31 (thousands of €) 2025 2024 Net profit/loss (-) (153 403) 90 220 Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: Re-measurement of defined benefit obligation - 74 Fair value adjustment financial assets held at fair value through other comprehensive income (2 005) - Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: Translation differences  arisen from translating foreign activities (533) 79 Realization of translation differences upon sale of foreign operations - 4 095 Other comprehensive income/loss (-)  net of income tax (2 538) 4 248 Total comprehensive income/loss (-) attributable to: Owners of the parent (155 941) 94 468 Total comprehensive income/loss (-) attributable to owners of the parent arises from: Continuing operations (157 091) 23 392 Discontinued operations 1 150 71 076 Total comprehensive income/loss (-)  net of income tax (155 941) 94 468Consolidated statements of financial position (unaudited)(thousands of €) March 31  2025 December 31  2024 Assets Goodwill 69 712 70 010 Intangible assets other than goodwill 156 252 164 862 Property  plant and equipment 113 225 122 898 Deferred tax assets 1 473 1 474 Non-current R&D incentives receivables 113 194 132 729 Non-current contingent consideration receivable 42 175 42 465 Equity investments 50 855 52 941 Other non-current assets 2 706 8 708 Non-current financial investments - 200 182 Non-current assets 549 592 796 269 Inventories 38 516 51 192 Trade and other receivables 51 148 47 476 Current R&D incentives receivables 32 342 39 882 Current financial investments 3 189 235 3 053 334 Cash and cash equivalents 108 067 64 239 Escrow account 21 728 41 163 Other current assets 31 318 31 049 Current assets from continuing operations 3 472 354 3 328 335 Assets in disposal group classified as held for sale - 11 115 Total current assets 3 472 354 3 339 450 Total assets 4 021 946 4 135 719 Equity and liabilities Share capital 293 937 293 937 Share premium account 2 736 994 2 736 994 Other reserves (5 163) (3 158) Translation differences 2 939 3 472 Accumulated losses (280 813) (134 306) Total equity 2 747 894 2 896 939 Retirement benefit liabilities 2 078 2 099 Deferred tax liabilities 18 718 20 660 Non-current lease liabilities 7 787 8 243 Other non-current liabilities 27 073 33 821 Non-current deferred income 781 353 838 876 Non-current liabilities 837 009 903 699 Current lease liabilities 3 071 3 479 Trade and other liabilities 168 944 98 877 Provisions 34 199 - Current tax payable 195 249 Current deferred income 230 634 232 476 Current liabilities 437 043 335 081 Total liabilities 1 274 052 1 238 780 Total equity and liabilities 4 021 946 4 135 719Consolidated cash flow statements (unaudited)Three months endedMarch 31 (thousands of €) 2025 2024 Net profit/loss (-) of the period (153 403) 90 220 Adjustment for non-cash transactions 81 056 (13 367) Adjustment for items to disclose separately under operating cash flow (13 796) (25 638) Adjustment for items to disclose under investing and financing cash flows (9 105) (57 736) Change in working capital other than deferred income 111 624 (46 217) Decrease in deferred income (59 364) (81 974) Cash used in operations (42 988) (134 712) Interest paid (208) (432) Interest received 4 813 13 461 Corporate taxes paid (224) (751) Net cash flows used in operating activities (38 607) (122 434) Purchase of property  plant and equipment (5 095) (3 742) Purchase of and expenditure in intangible fixed assets (155) (2 520) Purchase of financial investments (340 000) (420 158) Investment income received related to financial investments 7 768 4 653 Sale of financial investments 391 802 489 651 Cash advances and loans to third parties (1 500) - Cash in/out (-) from sale of subsidiaries  net of cash disposed 31 925 (1 339) Acquisition of financial assets held at fair value - (36 880) Net cash flows generated from investing activities 84 745 29 665 Payment of lease liabilities (1 011) (1 168) Net cash flows used in financing activities (1 011) (1 168) Increase/decrease (-) in cash and cash equivalents 45 127 (93 937) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 64 239 166 810 Increase/decrease (-) in cash and cash equivalents 45 127 (93 937) Effect of exchange rate differences on cash and cash equivalents (1 299) 499 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 108 067 73 372Consolidated statements of changes in equity (unaudited)(thousands of €) Share capital Share premium account Translation differences Other reserves Accumulated losses Total On January 1  2024 293 937 2 736 994 (1 201) (5 890) (228 274) 2 795 566 Net profit 90 220 90 220 Other comprehensive income 3 888 360 4 248 Total comprehensive income 3 888 360 90 220 94 468 Share-based compensation 4 974 4 974 On March 31  2024 293 937 2 736 994 2 687 (5 530) (133 080) 2 895 008 On January 1  2025 293 937 2 736 994 3 472 (3 158) (134 306) 2 896 939 Net loss (153 403) (153 403) Other comprehensive loss (533) (2 005) (2 538) Total comprehensive loss (533) (2 005) (153 403) (155 941) Share-based compensation 6 896 6 896 On March 31  2025 293 937 2 736 994 2 939 (5 163) (280 813) 2 747 894Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.23,0.44,True,English,"['First Quarter 2025 Financial Results', 'Recent Business Highlights', 'Near-Term Catalysts', 'Galapagos', 'unique decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform', 'proprietary early-stage next-generation cell therapy pipeline', 'existing European clinical trial sites', 'follicular lymphoma/marginal zone lymphoma) cohort', 'fresh, stem-like, early memory cells', 'unique decentralized manufacturing platform', 'new Phase 1/2 topline results', 'early memory CAR-T therapy', 'NEAR-TERM CATALYSTS Clinical Pipeline', 'limited durable treatment options', 'PAPILIO-1 Phase 1/2 study', 'annual cash burn guidance', 'normalized annual cash burn', 'ATALANTA-1 Phase 1/2 study', 'First U.S. patient', 'Proprietary Early-Stage Pipeline', 'Phase 1 topline data', 'Mantle cell lymphoma', 'CD19 CAR-T candidate', 'BCMA CAR-T candidate', 'Executive leadership changes', 'Dr. Paul Stoffels', 'global biotechnology company', 'high unmet needs', 'RECENT BUSINESS UPDATE', 'Near-Term Value Driver', 'chronic lymphocytic leukemia', 'BTK) inhibitor relapse', 'refractory multiple myeloma', 'high-unmet-need hematological malignancy', 'eight2 hematological malignancies', 'potential differentiated benefits', 'study protocol approval', 'lead registrational indication', 'future medical conference', 'Galapagos’ development strategy', 'GLPG5101 pivotal development', 'ATALANTA-1 study', 'Phase 1 part', 'cell therapies', 'operational results', 'first quarter', 'first approval', 'Additional cohort', 'CLL) cohort', 'first half', 'lead indication', 'patient outcomes', 'value creation', 'patient enrollment', 'hematologic malignancies', 'conference call', 'MCL) cohort', 'Thad Huston', 'Henry Gosebruch', 'restructuring costs', 'regulated information', 'life-changing science', 'seven days', 'broader access', 'broader mission', 'eight indications', 'encouraging safety', 'efficacy profile', 'Richter transformation', 'coming months', 'second half', 'indolent NHL', 'aggressive nature', 'frequent relapses', 'tyrosine kinase', 'R/R MM', 'Strong Foundation', 'Sustainable Value-Creation', 'financial investments', 'financial discipline', 'Founding CEO', 'Galapagos subsidiary', 'Galapagos NV', 'vein time', 'relapsed/refractory patients', 'GLPG5101 program', 'appointment', 'successor', 'Chair', 'Board', 'CFO/COO', 'August', 'SpinCo', 'March', 'range', 'Management', 'webcast', 'April', '14:00 CET', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'innovation', 'progress', 'separation', 'class', 'MD', 'Directors', 'faster', 'goal', 'beginning', 'parallel', 'operations', 'China', 'mid', 'Preparations', 'post', 'Bruton', 'GLPG5301', '08:00', '22:01']",2025-04-23,2025-04-24,globenewswire.com
50261,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mauna-kea-technologies-reports-full-173900169.html,Mauna Kea Technologies Reports Full Year 2024 Results and Provides a Business Update,Mauna Kea Technologies (Euronext Growth: ALMKT)  inventor of Cellvizio®  the multidisciplinary probe and needle-based confocal laser endomicroscopy (p/nCLE) platform  today reported its financial results for the full year 2024 and provides a business update.,"In China  Tasly Pharmaceuticals announced in August 2024 a change of reference shareholder and therefore of control  which considerably disrupted the joint venture's activities. This disruption resulted in the loss of minimum contractual orders and additional budgeted licensing revenue  leading to a shortfall exceeding €2m. This acquisition of a controlling stake in Tasly by China Resources Sanjiu Medical & Pharmaceutical was finalized at the end of March 2025  bringing new leadership and changes to the JV’s Board. A Board meeting is scheduled for the end of April  during which both parties will discuss all possible options for the future of the collaboration. In the meantime  Mauna Kea has continued to make progress on its own regulatory process for its Cellvizio Gen 3 platform in China  with a much-awaited clearance anticipated this year. The Gen 3 platform is not included in the current contract with the JV and the Company is considering all its options going forward to ensure the commercialization of Cellvizio can resume and be widely available in China.Despite a strong start to the year  Mauna Kea Technologies faced two significant external headwinds: the slow activity of its joint venture in China and a reduction in Medicare reimbursement rates in the United States.Commenting on the results  Sacha Loiseau  Ph.D.  Chairman and CEO of Mauna Kea Technologies observed: ""2024 was perhaps the most challenging period in Mauna Kea’s history. The year was marked by the complete absence of orders and payments from our JV in China as well as reimbursement cuts in the United States  which slowed commercial activity. However  I also believe this moment marked a turning point for the company. In fact  in response to these challenges  we made significant operational progress - improving our gross margin by 12 percentage points  cutting the monthly cash burn by over a third  and delivering a full-year EBITDA (loss) above expectations  despite a sharp revenue decline. These improvements reflect disciplined  value-driven leadership across all areas of the company. At the same time  we’re investing prudently for long-term growth  including the launch of CellTolerance  but also with significant progress on our core GI indications  new AI capabilities  and positive momentum on the reimbursement front in France. Finally  our ongoing safeguard proceedings are a means to strengthen our financial structure and already enabled us to engage in constructive discussions with both creditors and strategic partners. These efforts aim to provide the company with a solid foundation for future growth. The stakes have never been higher and I remain confident that the unwavering contribution of the Mauna Kea team will allow our company to emerge better equipped to unlock the full potential of the Cellvizio platform.""Mauna Kea Technologies (Euronext Growth: ALMKT)   inventor of Cellvizio ®   the multidisciplinary probe and needle-based confocal laser endomicroscopy (p/nCLE) platform  today reported its financial results for the full year 2024 and provides a business update.Story ContinuesIn the United States  reimbursement for upper endoscopy procedures with Cellvizio was reduced due to inaccuracies in how hospitals reported procedure costs to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS). Although procedure volumes remained stable compared to 2023  and representing a 48% increase over 2022  this pricing adjustment negatively impacted revenues. The Company responded swiftly  initiating comprehensive measures to support hospitals in accurately reporting procedure costs and actively engaging with CMS  supported by advocacy from the medical community  to expedite a reimbursement adjustment as early as possible.Amid these macroeconomic pressures  Mauna Kea successfully launched CellTolerance  a new brand addressing the significantly larger food intolerance market. With Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) affecting an estimated 10% to 20% of the global population  this market represents a potential annual revenue opportunity exceeding €6 billion. Launched in Q3 2024  the CellTolerance program introduces a direct-to-consumer  cash-pay model that requires additional resource deployment and a phased rollout  leading to a longer implementation timeline in its initial stage. Nonetheless  interest from healthcare providers has been robust.In Europe  Mauna Kea achieved a major milestone as the European Society of Gastrointestinal Endoscopy (ESGE) included Cellvizio in its best-practice guidelines for the characterization of pancreatic cysts. This endorsement  underpinned by compelling clinical data and support from the medical community  has initiated a pathway toward reimbursement. Notably  France’s Haute Autorité de Santé (HAS) has re-initiated a formal evaluation process for potential reimbursement in France.Main Financial Highlights(in €k) – IFRS FY 2024 FY 2023 Change €k % Total sales 7 655 10 480 -2 825 -27% Gross margin (% of sales1) 78% 66% - +12 pts EBITDA2 (4 453) (3 876) -577 +15% Current operating income (6 049) (5 686) -363 +6% Net profit (loss) (10 404) (3 727) -6 677 +179%Throughout the year  the Company implemented rigorous cost-control initiatives aimed at reducing its break-even point and accelerating progress toward profitability  thanks to which the Company was able to offset nearly 90% of the revenue decline over the period. As a result of these disciplined measures  the Company contained its operating loss to €6.0m  compared to €5.7m in the previous year  despite a €2.8m decline in revenue over the same period.After Operating Income  items above net profit were primarily impacted by non-cash items  including capitalized interest on loans and the accounting implications of the EIB loan restructuring  in addition to the share of losses from the joint venture in China. The year-over-year variation is mainly attributable to a one-time capital gain recognized in 2023 from the transfer of patents to the joint venture.In terms of cash flow  the company has significantly reduced its operating cash burn by more than 25% to €539K per month (vs. €719K in 2023)3 thanks to cost reduction measures and rigorous cash management.As of April 22  2025  cash and cash equivalents stood at €1.7m  compared to €2.0m as of December 31  2024  providing the Group with a cash runway through July 2025  including the PACEO renewal with Vester Finance (see below).OutlookImproving the Group’s financial profile remains the top priority. The positive financial trajectory initiated in 2022 in term of loss reduction is expected to continue. Indeed  the safeguard proceedings initiated on March 31  2025  is set to significantly enhance the Group’s financial structure through a significant debt restructuring  creating a foundation to attract new financial partners and support long-term growth.On the commercial front  the Group plans to expand the deployment of CellTolerance across its key markets in Europe and the United States  while also establishing local partnerships in additional geographies. The pipeline of commercial opportunities is expanding rapidly and is expected to support a tripling of revenue from this indication in 2025.In parallel  the pancreatic cysts application is expected to benefit from sustained momentum following its inclusion in the European guidelines  which is already driving reimbursement discussions across Europe—particularly in France. Additional visibility is anticipated from the upcoming results of the CLIMB study  conducted on 500 patients in the United States.Lastly  as part of the ongoing strategic process  the Group is engaged in several discussions aimed at securing strategic partnerships  including a potential licensing agreement in a broader indication with a major industry player. One or more of these strategic agreements are expected to materialize in 2025.Renewal of the PACEO equity line with Vester FinanceIn the current context  maintaining a reserve of equity financing proved essential. The Company today renewed its PACEO line with Vester Finance  its long-standing partner  which has committed to subscribe for up to 11 000 000 shares in the Company  under the same terms and conditions as the previous transaction  which is due to expire shortly4. Mauna Kea Technologies will receive €300k upon signing  which will enable it to extend its financial visibility. This renewal was decided by the Company's Board of Directors  in accordance with the 18th resolution of the Shareholders' Meeting of June 6  20245 and did not result in the preparation of a prospectus subject to AMF approval. In the event that this financing facility is used in full  a shareholder holding 1.00% of Mauna Kea Technologies' share capital prior to its implementation would see its stake fall to 0.86% of the share capital on an undiluted basis6.Going concernThe funding requirement over the next twelve months is estimated by the Company at €5m. At this stage  the Company considers that the risk of not securing the necessary financing to continue its operations in the coming months remains moderate. Based on these elements  the Board of Directors has adopted the going concern assumption. However  the outcome of these discussions  whether they involve licensing agreements or financing solutions  is not guaranteed. This represents a material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.Consolidated Financial StatementsThe Board of Directors approved the consolidated financial statements on April 22  2025. The consolidated financial statements have been audited and the Statutory Auditors’ report is in the process of being issued. Mauna Kea’s comprehensive audited financial statements will be available in due course on www.maunakeatech.com.Details of FY 2024 ResultsConsolidated income statement for the full year 2024(in €k) – IFRS FY 2024 FY 2023 Change €k % Product sales 5 647 6 218 -571 -9% Licensing sales 2 008 4 262 -2 254 -53% Total sales 7 655 10 480 -2 825 -27% Other revenue 760 547 +213 +39% Total revenue 8 415 11 027 -2 612 -24% Cost of sales (1 215) (2 118) -903 -43% Research & Development expenses (3 550) (3 860) +310 -8% Sales & Marketing expenses (4 705) (5 618) +913 -16% General & Administrative expenses (4 445) (5 004) +559 -11% Share-based payments (549) (113) -436 +386% Current operating income (loss) (6 049) (5 686) -363 +6% Non-current operating income (34) 6 918 -6 952 -100% Operating income (6 083) 1 231 -7 314 - Share of equity affiliates (1 683) (2 528) +845 -33% Financial result (2 638) (1 956) -682 +35% Income taxes - (475) +475 -100% Net profit (10 404) (3 727) -6 677 +179%Total salesTotal Group sales amounted to €7.7m  representing a 27% decline year-over-year  primarily attributable to the absence of licensing revenue from the joint venture in China. In 2023  this revenue stream included a one-off payment of $2.5m. The anticipated offset through product sales to the JV and additional milestone payments did not materialize  despite contractual obligations  due to the suspension of the JV’s activities following a change in control of Tasly’s ownership during 2024.In addition  product sales were impacted by adverse pricing conditions in the United States  stemming from a temporary reduction in Medicare reimbursement rates.Other revenueOther revenue totaled €0.8m  representing a 39% year-over-year increase. This growth reflects a higher research tax credit  driven by increased investment in R&D  particularly in artificial intelligence (AI) initiatives focused on the development of proprietary dataset solutions.Cost of goods soldCost of goods sold came to €1.2m  reflecting a total gross margin of 78% over sales excluding license  an increase by 12 pts compared to 66% recorded last year. This strong gross margin reflects the end of the depreciation period for old generation Cellvizio systems mainly used under PPU and rents  and a one-off accounting impact.Research and development expensesResearch and development costs were down by 5% over the period at €3.6m  primarily driven by changes in headcount during the year.Sales and marketing expensesSales and marketing expenses declined by 16% over the period  totaling €4.7m. This reduction reflects the impact of cost-saving initiatives and a downsizing of the sales team  which was reduced from eight to five representatives by the end of 2024  primarily due to unsolicited departures.General and administrative expensesGeneral and administrative expenses decreased by 11% over the period  totaling €4.4m. This reduction reflects the Group’s disciplined cost-cutting efforts  despite a one-off increase in legal fees associated with the renegotiation of bank loan maturities  particularly with the EIB. The decline also results from the absence of variable remuneration for members of the Executive Committee and a voluntary base salary reduction by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.Share-based paymentsIn line with its commitment to align employee interests with those of shareholders and to incentivize performance  the Group continued to grant stock options and free shares to its employees in 2024. The total expense related to these grants amounted to €549K  compared with €113K in 2023. The lower cost in the prior year reflected the significant cancellation of instruments following the departure of U.S.-based employees amid the Group’s strategic reorientation.Current Operating Income (loss)The Group’s current operating loss increased slightly by 6% to €6.0m  compared to €5.7m in 2023. The implementation of rigorous cost-saving plans and a significant reduction in operating expenses enabled the Company to offset nearly 90% of the revenue decline over the period.Operating Income (loss)The Group recorded an operating loss of €6.1m in 2024  compared to an operating profit of €1.2m in 2023. The prior year’s result was favorably impacted by a €6.9m capital gain from the sale of patents to the joint venture in China.Net ProfitNet profit came to a loss of €10.4m in 2024  compared with a loss of €3.7m in 2023.About Mauna Kea TechnologiesMauna Kea Technologies is a global medical device company that manufactures and sells Cellvizio®  the real-time in vivo cellular imaging platform. This technology uniquely delivers in vivo cellular visualization which enables physicians to monitor the progression of disease over time  assess point-in-time reactions as they happen in real time  classify indeterminate areas of concern  and guide surgical interventions. The Cellvizio® platform is used globally across a wide range of medical specialties and is making a transformative change in the way physicians diagnose and treat patients. For more information  visit www.maunakeatech.com.Disclaimer can be found at the end of this document.DisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements about Mauna Kea Technologies and its business. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release  including  but not limited to  statements regarding Mauna Kea Technologies' financial condition  business  strategies  plans and objectives for future operations are forward-looking statements. Mauna Kea Technologies believes that these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions. However  no assurance can be given that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements will be achieved. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including those described in Chapter 3 of Mauna Kea Technologies' 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on June 28  2023 under number D-23-0545  which is available on the Company's website (www.maunakeatech.fr)  as well as the risks associated with changes in economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Mauna Kea Technologies operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks that are unknown to Mauna Kea Technologies or that Mauna Kea Technologies does not currently consider material. The occurrence of some or all of these risks could cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Mauna Kea Technologies to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe for  or the solicitation of an order to buy or subscribe for  shares of Mauna Kea Technologies in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The distribution of this press release may be restricted in certain jurisdictions by local law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to comply with all local regulations applicable to this document.1 Excluding license revenue2 EBITDA corresponds to current operating income before depreciation and amortization3 Cash variation excluding financing operations and payments from Tasly JV4 See press release dated July 25  2024. Available balance of 1 100 000 potential shares5 Delegation of capital increase with cancellation of shareholders' preferential subscription rights in favor of a category of persons meeting certain characteristics6 Based on the 70 202 127 shares comprising the share capital as of March 31  2025View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20250424847856/en/ContactsMauna Kea Technologiesinvestors@maunakeatech.comNewCap - Investor RelationsAurélie Manavarere / Thomas Grojean+33 (0)1 44 71 94 94maunakea@newcap.eu",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.2,0.7,True,English,"['Mauna Kea Technologies', 'Full Year 2024 Results', 'Business Update', 'needle-based confocal laser endomicroscopy', 'two significant external headwinds', 'larger food intolerance market', 'potential annual revenue opportunity', 'China Resources Sanjiu Medical', 'budgeted licensing revenue', 'sharp revenue decline', 'monthly cash burn', 'core GI indications', 'ongoing safeguard proceedings', 'Irritable Bowel Syndrome', 'additional resource deployment', 'longer implementation timeline', 'compelling clinical data', 'Haute Autorité de', 'disciplined, value-driven leadership', 'upper endoscopy procedures', 'formal evaluation process', 'new AI capabilities', 'Main Financial Highlights', 'minimum contractual orders', 'Mauna Kea Technologies', 'significant operational progress', 'Mauna Kea team', 'The Gen 3 platform', 'Medicare reimbursement rates', 'Cellvizio Gen 3 platform', 'significant progress', 'new leadership', 'full potential', 'medical community', 'potential reimbursement', 'regulatory process', 'Gastrointestinal Endoscopy', 'financial structure', 'new brand', 'reference shareholder', 'joint venture', 'controlling stake', 'strong start', 'slow activity', 'United States', 'Sacha Loiseau', 'Ph.D.', 'challenging period', 'complete absence', 'commercial activity', 'turning point', 'gross margin', '12 percentage points', 'full-year EBITDA', 'same time', 'long-term growth', 'positive momentum', 'constructive discussions', 'strategic partners', 'solid foundation', 'unwavering contribution', 'Euronext Growth', 'multidisciplinary probe', 'business update', 'procedure costs', 'Medicaid Services', 'procedure volumes', 'pricing adjustment', 'comprehensive measures', 'macroeconomic pressures', 'global population', 'cash-pay model', 'initial stage', 'healthcare providers', 'major milestone', 'European Society', 'best-practice guidelines', 'pancreatic cysts', 'operating income', 'Net profi', 'reimbursement cuts', 'reimbursement front', 'reimbursement adjustment', 'financial results', 'Cellvizio platform', 'The Company', 'Tasly Pharmaceuticals', 'Board meeting', 'possible options', 'current contract', 'future growth', 'IFRS FY', 'Total sales', 'full year', 'CellTolerance program', 'Cellvizio ®', 'August', 'change', 'activities', 'disruption', 'loss', 'shortfall', 'acquisition', 'March', 'JV', 'April', 'parties', 'collaboration', 'meantime', 'clearance', 'commercialization', 'reduction', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'history', 'payments', 'fact', 'response', 'challenges', 'expectations', 'improvements', 'areas', 'launch', 'France', 'means', 'creditors', 'efforts', 'stakes', 'ALMKT', 'inventor', 'nCLE', 'inaccuracies', 'hospitals', 'Centers', 'CMS', '48% increase', 'revenues', 'advocacy', 'IBS', 'Q3', 'phased', 'rollout', 'interest', 'ESGE', 'characterization', 'endorsement', 'support', 'pathway', 'Santé', '2024', '2022']",2025-04-24,2025-04-24,finance.yahoo.com
50262,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/04/25/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/atos-completes-reverse-stock-split/2098951,Atos completes reverse stock split,"Paris  France - April 24  2025 - Atos SE (the "" Company ”) announces today the completion of the reverse stock split of the shares comprising its share capital  as decided by the Board of Directors on March 6  2025  following the delegation of powers by the shareholders' combined General Meeting of January 31  2025 (29 th resolution).","Press releaseAtos completes reverse stock splitParis  France - April 24  2025 - Atos SE (the ""Company”) announces today the completion of the reverse stock split of the shares comprising its share capital  as decided by the Board of Directors on March 6  2025  following the delegation of powers by the shareholders' combined General Meeting of January 31  2025 (29th resolution).The reverse stock split is a purely technical exchange transaction with no direct impact on the total value of the Company's shares held by each shareholder.Terms and conditions of the reverse stock splitGet the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyThe main terms of this reverse stock split  as detailed in the notice of reverse stock split published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on March 10  2025 and in the press release published by the Company on March 7  2025  are as follows:Basis of the reverse stock split : exchange of 10 000 old shares with a par value of €0.0001 for 1 new share with a par value of €1. Advertisement: exchange of 10 000 old shares with a par value of €0.0001 for 1 new share with a par value of €1. Number of old shares subject to the reverse stock split : 190 358 728 519 shares with a par value of 0.0001€.: 190 358 728 519 shares with a par value of 0.0001€. Number of new shares resulting from the reverse stock split : 19 035 872 shares with a par value of 1€. Advertisement: 19 035 872 shares with a par value of 1€. Centralization: the new shares resulting from the reverse stock split were admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris from April 24  2025  the first day of trading  under ISIN code FR001400X2S4.AdvertisementThe new shares resulting from the reverse stock split are eligible for the DSS (Deferred Settlement Service) with effect from today.Shareholders holding a multiple of 10 000 shares do not need to take any action. These shares were automatically consolidated by their financial intermediary on the basis of 1 new share (€1 par value) for each block of 10 000 old shares (€0.0001 par value).Shareholders who were unable to obtain a number of old shares forming a multiple of 10 000 will be compensated for their fractional rights by their financial intermediary within 30 days of April 24  2025  i.e.  until May 25  2025 inclusive. Shareholders are invited to contact their financial intermediary if they have any questions on this subject.Adjustment of the exercise parity for the Warrants issued by the CompanyOn March 6  2025  the Board of Directors  using the delegation of powers granted by the shareholders' combined General Meeting of January 31  2025 (29th resolution)  decided to adjust the exercise parity of the share subscription warrants issued by the Company on December 18  2024 (the ""Warrants”) in accordance with the terms set out below  which are included in the reverse stock split notice published in the BALO on March 10  2025.AdvertisementAs a result of the reverse stock split  the exercise parity of the Warrants corresponds to the product of (i) the exercise parity in force before the start of the reverse stock split and (ii) the ratio between the number of new shares comprising the Company's share capital after the reverse stock split and the number of old shares comprising the Company's share capital before the reverse stock split  i.e. 1/10 000  i.e. a maximum number of new ordinary shares to which the Warrants give entitlement in the event of exercise after this reverse stock split  of 1 107 589 new ordinary shares in the Company with a par value of one euro each on exercise of the Warrants.Adjustment of the rights of beneficiaries of free allocations of sharesBy decision of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of April 24  2025  the rights of beneficiaries of free share allocations under the Company's current free share allocation plans were adjusted to take account of reverse stock split transactions.As a result  the number of rights allocated to each plan beneficiary will correspond to the product of (i) the number of rights allocated to each plan beneficiary before the start of the reverse stock split  and (ii) the ratio between the number of new shares comprising the Company's share capital after the reverse stock split and the number of existing shares comprising the Company's share capital before the reverse stock split  i.e. 1/10 000  it being specified that where the number of rights calculated in this way is not a whole number  the number of rights allocated to the beneficiary will  for each holder  be rounded down to the nearest whole number  in accordance with the doctrine of the tax authorities.AdvertisementTimetable of upcoming operationsApril 24  2025 Effective date of the reverse stock split and first day of trading of new shares (ISIN code: FR001400X2S4) From April 24 to May 25  2025 Compensation period for shareholders with fractional rights through their financial intermediaries April 28  2025 Restart of the period of suspension of exercise of the Warrants***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with circa 74 000 employees and annual revenue of circa €10 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 68 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.AdvertisementThe purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsInvestor relations:David Pierre-Kahn | [email protected] | +33 6 28 51 45 96Sofiane El Amri | [email protected] | +33 6 29 34 85 67Individual shareholders: +33 8 05 65 00 75Press contact: [email protected]Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,positive,0.61,0.39,0.0,True,English,"['reverse stock split', 'Atos', 'current free share allocation plans', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', ""shareholders' combined General Meeting"", 'reverse stock split transactions', 'reverse stock split notice', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'free share allocations', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'technical exchange transaction', 'new ordinary shares', 'share subscription warrants', 'free allocations', '1 new share', 'share capital', 'Press release', '29th resolution', 'direct impact', 'total value', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'Bulletin des', 'regulated market', 'first day', 'ISIN code', 'financial intermediary', 'one euro', 'nearest whole', 'tax authorities', 'upcoming operations', 'Effective date', 'Compensation period', 'fractional ri', 'new shares', 'par value', '10,000 old shares', 'existing shares', 'exercise parity', 'plan beneficiary', 'Atos SE', 'main terms', 'Advertisement Timetable', 'maximum number', '1 par', '190,358,728,519 shares', '19,035,872 shares', '10,000 shares', 'rights', 'Paris', 'France', 'April', 'Company', 'completion', 'Board', 'Directors', 'March', 'delegation', 'powers', 'January', 'conditions', 'inbox', 'BALO', 'Basis', 'Centralization', 'Euronext', 'trading', 'DSS', 'today', 'multiple', 'block', '30 days', 'May', 'questions', 'subject', 'Adjustment', 'December', 'accordance', 'result', 'product', 'force', 'start', 'entitlement', 'event', 'beneficiaries', 'decision', 'Chairman', 'account', 'way', 'doctrine']",2025-04-25,2025-04-24,manilatimes.net
50263,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/phaxiam-therapeutics-receivership-procedure-160000993.html,PHAXIAM Therapeutics: Update on the Receivership Procedure,"PHAXIAM Therapeutics (Euronext: PHXM - FR001400K4B1)  a biopharmaceutical company (""the Company"" or ""PHAXIAM"") developing innovative treatments for severe and resistant bacterial infections  announces that it has received two bids as part of a disposal plan ","LYON  France  April 24  2025--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:PHAXIAM Therapeutics (Euronext: PHXM - FR001400K4B1)  a biopharmaceutical company (""the Company"" or ""PHAXIAM"") developing innovative treatments for severe and resistant bacterial infections  announces that it has received two bids as part of a disposal plan  following the bidding process (appel d’offres) launched within the framework of the receivership procedure opened on March 6  2025.At this stage  these two offers are not yet admissible.In this context  the court-appointed administrator (administrateur judiciaire) has filed a request to convert the proceedings into judicial liquidation.The coming days will determine whether the bids can be made admissible or whether judicial liquidation must be pronounced swiftly in order to avoid further deterioration of the Company’s cash position.As a reminder  whether or not a bid is accepted  the Commercial Court of Lyon will in any case soon pronounce the judicial liquidation of the Company. In this context  the Company will request the delisting of PHAXIAM shares from Euronext.Furthermore  PHAXIAM draws investors' attention to the fact that  given the Company's level of indebtedness  the proceeds from any disposal  should a takeover bid be accepted  will most likely not allow for any repayment to shareholders.About PHAXIAM TherapeuticsPHAXIAM is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for resistant bacterial infections  which are responsible for many serious infections. The company is building on an innovative approach based on the use of phages  natural bacteria-killing viruses. PHAXIAM is developing a portfolio of phages targeting 3 of the most resistant and dangerous bacteria  which together account for more than two-thirds of resistant hospital-acquired infections: Staphylococcus aureus  Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa.PHAXIAM is listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR001400K4B1  ticker: PHXM). PHAXIAM is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.phaxiam.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20250424848645/en/ContactsPHAXIAMThibaut du FayetCEO+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@phaxiam.comNewCapMathilde Bohin / Dušan OrešanskýInvestor RelationsArthur RouilléMedia Relations+33 1 44 71 94 94phaxiam@newcap.eu",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.06,0.36,0.58,True,English,"['PHAXIAM Therapeutics', 'Receivership Procedure', 'Update', 'Thibaut du Fayet CEO', 'Dušan Orešanský', 'Arthur Rouillé Media Relations', 'many serious infections', 'natural bacteria-killing viruses', 'Next Biotech indexes', 'resistant bacterial infections', 'resistant hospital-acquired infections', 'Euronext regulated market', 'Investor Relations', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'innovative treatments', 'bidding process', 'receivership procedure', 'two offers', 'court-appointed administrator', 'administrateur judiciaire', 'judicial liquidation', 'coming days', 'cash position', 'Commercial Court', ""investors' attention"", 'innovative approach', 'dangerous bacteria', 'Staphylococcus aureus', 'Escherichia coli', 'Pseudomonas aeruginosa', 'ISIN code', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'source version', 'Mathilde Bohin', 'two bids', 'disposal plan', 'takeover bid', 'CAC Healthcare', 'CAC Pharma', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'PHAXIAM Therapeutics', 'PHAXIAM shares', 'LYON', 'France', 'April', 'PHXM', 'severe', 'part', 'appel', 'offres', 'framework', 'March', 'stage', 'context', 'request', 'proceedings', 'order', 'deterioration', 'reminder', 'case', 'delisting', 'fact', 'level', 'indebtedness', 'proceeds', 'repayment', 'shareholders', 'phages', 'portfolio', 'two-thirds', 'Paris', 'ticker', 'information', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'NewCap']",2025-04-24,2025-04-24,finance.yahoo.com
50264,EuroNext,Bing API,https://tass.com/world/1948991,Ukraine has time until May 31 to reach deal with creditors  preventing default,Earlier  the Ukrainian Finance Ministry confirmed that Kiev had not yet reached a deal with foreign holders of GDP-linked government debt bonds but emphasized its commitment to constructive talks,"MOSCOW  April 24. /TASS/. Ukraine should reach an agreement with its creditors on debt restructuring by May 31  according to Verkhovna Rada lawmaker Yaroslav Zheleznyak.""There is still time until May 31 "" he wrote on his Telegram channel  adding that the correct wording at this stage is ""no agreement yet "" as negotiations are ongoing.Earlier  the Ukrainian Finance Ministry confirmed that Kiev had not yet reached a deal with foreign holders of GDP-linked government debt bonds (GDP warrants) but emphasized its commitment to constructive talks.According to a statement published by Euronext  Ukraine held consultations from April 15 to 23 with members of the Special Committee  which includes institutional investors holding about 30% of the GDP warrants. During these consultations  Ukraine presented restructuring proposals  but the parties failed to reach an agreement.As reported by RBC-Ukraine  the $2.6 billion in GDP warrants were issued in 2015 and are set to mature in 2041. Although Ukraine secured a deferral of foreign debt payments from private creditors last year  the GDP warrants were not included in that arrangement. The Financial Times notes that Kiev faces a $600 million payment on these warrants in late May  and failure to meet this obligation could lead to a declaration of default.",neutral,0.01,0.89,0.09,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['Ukraine', 'time', 'May', 'deal', 'creditors', 'default', 'GDP-linked government debt bonds', 'Verkhovna Rada lawmaker', 'Ukrainian Finance Ministry', 'The Financial Times', 'foreign debt payments', 'debt restructuring', 'foreign holders', 'Yaroslav Zheleznyak', 'Telegram channel', 'correct wording', 'constructive talks', 'Special Committee', 'institutional investors', 'restructuring proposals', '$600 million payment', 'GDP warrants', 'private creditors', 'late May', 'MOSCOW', 'April', 'TASS', 'Ukraine', 'agreement', 'stage', 'negotiations', 'Kiev', 'deal', 'commitment', 'statement', 'Euronext', 'consultations', 'members', 'parties', 'deferral', 'arrangement', 'failure', 'obligation', 'declaration', 'default']",2025-04-24,2025-04-24,tass.com
50265,EuroNext,Bing API,https://tass.com/world/1948973,Ukraine’s Finance Ministry ready for talks with investors to avoid defaulting,The Finance Ministry stated that Ukraine suggested two restructuring options but none of them suited the special committee,"MOSCOW  April 24. /TASS/. The Ukrainian Finance Ministry has confirmed that Kiev could not reach an agreement on a restructuring with foreign debt holders of some GDP warrants but insists that Kiev is ready for constructive talks  according to an official statement on the ministry’s website.Earlier  the Euronext stock exchange released a statement by the Ukrainian government revealing that from April 15-23  Kiev held consultations with members of the special committee  which consists of institutional investors holding approximately 30% of the GDP warrants. During these discussions  Ukraine put forward proposals on restructuring the debt  but the parties were unable to reach an agreement.RBC-Ukraine explained that this pertains to warrants totaling $2.6 billion  issued in 2015  with full repayment due in 2041. Last year  Ukraine managed to secure a deferment on external debt from private creditors  but the GDP warrants were not included in that arrangement. In turn  the Financial Times reported that by the end of May  Kiev must make a payment of around $600 million on this debt  or face the risk of default.The Finance Ministry stated that Ukraine suggested two restructuring options but none of them suited the special committee. Ukraine’s proposal ""has no prospect of approval by a requisite majority of holders of the warrants nor does it form the basis for a viable point of engagement with warrant holders""  the committee said on Thursday.The Ukrainian Finance Ministry insisted that ""the GDP warrants were designed for a world that no longer exists"" and ""Ukraine’s modest economic growth in 2023 was not a sign of surging prosperity but a fragile rebound from a nearly 30 per cent downturn."" The ministry assured that Ukraine remains intent on holding constructive talks with all holders of the GDP warrants to find a solution.",neutral,0.01,0.92,0.07,negative,0.0,0.37,0.63,True,English,"['Finance Ministry', 'Ukraine', 'talks', 'investors', 'The Ukrainian Finance Ministry', 'The Finance Ministry', 'Euronext stock exchange', 'modest economic growth', '30 per cent downturn', 'two restructuring options', 'foreign debt holders', 'Ukrainian government', 'constructive talks', 'institutional investors', 'full repayment', 'private creditors', 'Financial Times', 'requisite majority', 'viable point', 'surging prosperity', 'fragile rebound', 'external debt', 'warrant holders', 'GDP warrants', 'special committee', 'official statement', 'MOSCOW', 'April', 'TASS', 'Kiev', 'agreement', 'website', 'consultations', 'members', 'discussions', 'Ukraine', 'proposals', 'parties', 'deferment', 'arrangement', 'end', 'May', 'risk', 'default', 'none', 'prospect', 'approval', 'basis', 'engagement', 'Thursday', 'world', 'sign', 'solution']",2025-04-24,2025-04-24,tass.com
50266,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.dutchnews.nl/businesswire/wolters-kluwer-empowers-medical-research-in-india-with-ovid-as-part-of-one-nation-one-subscription-onos/,Wolters Kluwer Empowers Medical Research in India with Ovid as part of One Nation One Subscription (ONOS),A significant achievement for academic and research communities in India NEW DELHI  India–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Wolters Kluwer is pleased to announce it is collaborating with the Government of India as part of One Nation One Subscription (ONOS).,A significant achievement for academic and research communities in IndiaNEW DELHI  India–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Wolters Kluwer is pleased to announce it is collaborating with the Government of India as part of One Nation One Subscription (ONOS). This pivotal initiative is aimed at enhancing research accessibility and equity across the nation.Launched on January 1  2025  as part of its first phase  ONOS is designed to bolster research capacities by granting nationwide access to international journal publications from 30 distinguished publishers. This initiative caters to over 6 500 government institutions  benefiting approximately 1.8 crore (18 million) students  faculty  and researchers from higher education institutions and central government research institutions. The program is approved for the 2025-2027 calendar years  fostering interdisciplinary research across the country.Commenting on this development  Ruchi Tushir  VP & General Manager  GGM India  at Wolters Kluwer  expressed  “We are thrilled to announce this collaboration with the Government of India. This agreement represents our joint commitment to enhancing access to high-quality academic and research resources across the country. By providing access to Ovid  we aim to empower researchers  educators  and students with the tools they need to drive innovation and excellence in their respective fields.”A Ministry of Education spokesperson added  “The collaboration with Wolters Kluwer through their participation in the One Nation One Subscription (ONOS) initiative of the Government of India represents a significant advancement in enhancing academic research in India. Through ONOS  the widespread availability of top-tier international journals to Government Higher Education Institutions and R&D Institutions will enable students  faculty  and researchers to foster innovation and knowledge growth in diverse interdisciplinary and multidisciplinary areas  in line with the National Education Policy  2020.”Providing clinical  evidence-based content trusted across IndiaThe Ovid research platform provides a vast library of thousands of full-text journal articles  eBooks  database resources  and workflow tools in a single  integrated solution. Ovid is a globally recognized leader in providing customizable solutions of high-quality content fully integrated with best-in-class technology tools that enhance research  scholarship  and patient care.Learn more about Wolters Kluwer: http://www.wolterskluwer.com/en-inAbout Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2024 annual revenues of €5.9 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 600 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.ContactsMedia ContactApoorva SharmaExternal CommunicationsWolters Kluwerapoorva.sharma@wolterskluwer.com,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['One Nation One Subscription', 'Wolters Kluwer Empowers', 'Medical Research', 'India', 'Ovid', 'part', 'ONOS', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'One Nation One Subscription', 'The Ovid research platform', 'Government Higher Education Institutions', 'central government research institutions', 'R&D Institutions', 'international journal publications', '2025-2027 calendar years', 'top-tier international journals', 'National Education Policy', 'full-text journal articles', 'single, integrated solution', 'Contacts Media Contact', 'clinical, evidence-based content', 'deep domain knowledge', '1.8 crore (18 million) students', 'Wolters Kluwer apoorva', '6,500 government institutions', 'Education spokesperson', 'knowledge growth', 'high-quality content', 'research communities', 'research accessibility', 'research capacities', 'interdisciplinary research', 'research resources', 'significant achievement', 'NEW DELHI', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'first phase', '30 distinguished publishers', 'Ruchi Tushir', 'General Manager', 'joint commitment', 'respective fields', 'A Ministry', 'significant advancement', 'academic research', 'widespread availability', 'diverse interdisciplinary', 'multidisciplinary areas', 'vast library', 'database resources', 'customizable solutions', 'patient care', 'software solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2024 annual revenues', 'Apoorva Sharma', 'External Communications', 'pivotal initiative', 'high-quality academic', 'workflow tools', 'global leader', 'nationwide access', 'technology tools', 'GGM India', 'ONOS) initiative', 'part', 'equity', 'January', 'faculty', 'researchers', 'program', 'country', 'development', 'VP', 'collaboration', 'agreement', 'educators', 'innovation', 'excellence', 'line', 'thousands', 'eBooks', 'class', 'scholarship', 'wolterskluwer', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'information', 'services', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,600 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram']",2025-04-24,2025-04-24,dutchnews.nl
