UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
57301,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://dailyreckoning.com/you-dont-own-your-stocks/,You Don’t Own Your Stocks,This post You Don’t Own Your Stocks appeared first on Daily Reckoning.Do me a favor. Open your brokerage app. Look at your shares. Your Apple. Your silver miners. Your index funds. Now here’s the fun part: you don’t own them. Not the way you think you do. Th…,You Don't Own Your StocksDo me a favor. Open your brokerage app. Look at your shares. Your Apple. Your silver miners. Your index funds.Now here’s the fun part: you don’t own them. Not the way you think you do.The legal owner of nearly every share listed in America is a partnership you’ve never heard of. It’s called Cede & Co. It sits inside the Depository Trust Company in Lower Manhattan. On paper  and paper is what counts  Cede & Co. holds almost the entire US stock market.You own an IOU. The lawyers call it a “security entitlement.” Your broker owes you shares. Your broker’s custodian owes your broker. The Depository Trust Company (DTC) owes the custodian. You sit at the end of a long line of promises  3 ledgers away from the actual asset.It seems strange. Or is it?Let me tell you how we got here  who runs the machine  and why the firms that hold everything are the most powerful banks you never think about.The Day Wall Street Drowned in PaperUntil the late 1960s  stocks were paper certificates. Sell your shares and a courier physically hauled the certificate across Manhattan. Then trading volume exploded. Back offices buried themselves alive. Failed trades piled up. It got so bad the NYSE closed every Wednesday just to catch up on paperwork. Brokerages died of clerical error. They called it the Paperwork Crunch.The fix was elegant. All they did was lock the certificates in a single vault and register them under a single nominee  Cede & Co. Then ownership changes hands via bookkeeping entries. The Depository Trust Company opened in 1973. From that day on  the stock market stopped being a paper market and became a database.And somebody has to run the database.Enter the CustodianThat’s what a custodian bank does. It runs the database  or  more clearly  holds assets for investors. Safekeeping  settlement  dividend collection  recordkeeping  all the plumbing. It doesn’t lend your assets to condo developers. Client assets sit off the bank’s balance sheet  segregated  out of reach of the bank’s own creditors. The custodian isn’t betting your money. It’s charging tolls on it.The tolls are staggering. Alexander Hamilton’s bank  BNY  was founded in 1784 and is the oldest in America. It’s the custodian of about $62 trillion in assets. That’s roughly 20% of every investable asset on Earth. State Street  JPMorgan  and Citi  along with BNY  control the books for most of the world’s wealth.It gets better. BNY is the sole clearing bank for US Treasuries. Every day it runs the “tri-party repo” machine. That’s the overnight lending market where money funds lend cash to dealers against Treasury collateral  with BNY in the middle holding and valuing the collateral for both sides. That market is measured in trillions… every single day.If BNY’s systems went dark one morning  Wall Street’s short-term funding would seize up. We got a preview in 2023  when hackers hit the US arm of China’s biggest bank. Its operations staff had to settle Treasury trades the old school way  allegedly walking a USB stick full of trades across town. The financial system runs on a handful of pipes  and the custodians own the pipes.Custody Is PowerIf your ownership is an entry on someone else’s ledger  then your ownership is  at the limit  a permission slip. Just ask old Vlad Putin. After his tanks rolled in 2022  some $300 billion of Russia’s reserves were frozen with Western custodians  the largest share held by Euroclear in Brussels. Russia still “owns” those assets the way you “own” your shares.Gold investors have known this forever. Allocated gold means specific bars with your name on them. Unallocated means a claim on the bank’s pool.The crypto kids rediscovered it and made a bumper sticker: not your keys  not your coins. (They think they invented it  like everything else.) But it’s the oldest rule in finance  and the entire modern market is built on the other side of it.Finally  notice who sits closest to the ledger. The ledger’s keepers never lose. Custodians get paid per asset  trade  or corporate action  whether in a bull or bear market. They’re the tollbooths on the highway of capital. The market can crash 40%  and the tollbooth keeps ka-chinging along.Now that’s using The Cantillon Effect to great effect!Wrap UpI’m not telling you the vault is about to fail. The dull truth is that custody exists because it works. Segregation is why customers of a failed brokerage generally get their assets back. The machine settles trillions daily with boring reliability. Boring is the product.One more thing. If custodians are tollbooths that collect in every market weather  that’s worth remembering when you look at the banks everyone ignores because they don’t do anything exciting.Excitement is for the customers. The house prefers fees.,neutral,0.02,0.76,0.23,mixed,0.19,0.15,0.66,True,English,"['Stocks', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'The Day Wall Street', 'entire US stock market', 'The Cantillon Effect', 'entire modern market', 'old Vlad Putin', 'overnight lending market', 'tri-party repo” machine', 'sole clearing bank', 'State Street', 'US Treasuries', 'US arm', 'old school', 'great effect', 'bear market', 'silver miners', 'index funds', 'fun part', 'legal owner', 'long line', 'late 1960s', 'trading volume', 'Back offices', 'clerical error', 'single nominee', 'bookkeeping entries', 'dividend collection', 'balance sheet', 'Alexander Hamilton', 'middle holding', 'short-term funding', 'operations staff', 'USB stick', 'financial system', 'permission slip', 'specific bars', 'crypto kids', 'bumper sticker', 'oldest rule', 'other side', 'corporate action', 'dull truth', 'actual asset', 'Failed trades', 'investable asset', 'Treasury trades', 'biggest bank', 'paper market', 'brokerage app', 'Lower Manhattan', 'powerful banks', 'single vault', 'money funds', 'Treasury collateral', 'largest share', 'boring reliability', 'Western custodians', 'Client assets', 'Gold investors', 'paper certificates', 'custodian bank', 'Stocks', 'favor', 'shares', 'Apple', 'America', 'partnership', 'Cede', 'Co.', 'IOU', 'lawyers', 'entitlement', 'DTC', 'promises', 'firms', 'everything', 'courier', 'NYSE', 'paperwork', 'Brokerages', 'fix', 'ownership', 'hands', 'database', 'somebody', 'Safekeeping', 'settlement', 'recordkeeping', 'plumbing', 'developers', 'reach', 'creditors', 'tolls', 'BNY', 'Earth', 'JPMorgan', 'Citi', 'books', 'world', 'wealth', 'cash', 'dealers', 'sides', 'trillions', 'systems', 'preview', 'hackers', 'China', 'town', 'handful', 'pipes', 'Custody', 'entry', 'someone', 'ledger', 'limit', 'tanks', 'Russia', 'reserves', 'Euroclear', 'Brussels', 'name', 'claim', 'pool', 'keys', 'coins', 'finance', 'notice', 'keepers', 'bull', 'tollbooths', 'highway', 'capital', 'Wrap', 'Segregation', 'customers', 'product', 'weather', 'everyone', 'Excitement', 'house', 'fees']",2026-08-20,2026-08-21,dailyreckoning.com
57302,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ferrovial-selected-to-deliver-tennessees-i-24-choice-lanes-302855849.html,Ferrovial selected to deliver Tennessee's I-24 Choice Lanes,The project represents the largest private investment in the state's history  bringing essential infrastructure to the growing Nashville region AMSTERDAM  Aug. 19  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Ferrovial  a leading global infrastructure company  today announced it has…,"The project represents the largest private investment in the state's history  bringing essential infrastructure to the growing Nashville regionAMSTERDAM  Aug. 19  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Ferrovial  a leading global infrastructure company  today announced it has been selected to deliver Tennessee's I-24 Southeast Choice Lanes in Nashville  the largest single capital investment and first public-private partnership in Tennessee's history.""We are honored to be selected to deliver this landmark transportation project for Tennessee  which will enhance mobility and support the state's continued economic success "" said Ignacio Madridejos  Ferrovial CEO. ""As communities across the U.S. continue to grow  innovative infrastructure investment is essential to meeting future transportation needs. We look forward to delivering a project that improves connectivity and creates value for decades to come.""The 26-mile project will add choice lanes in both directions along I-24 between Nashville and Murfreesboro  improving mobility along one of the region's most congested corridors. The Ferrovial-led consortium  DriveTN  which includes Transurban and Tikehau Star Infra  will finance  design  build  operate and maintain the $9.2 billion project  while providing a projected $24.8 billion in concession value to Tennessee.The I-24 Southeast Choice Lanes project will provide a cost-effective transportation solution offering reliable travel times along a key corridor extending from I-40 east of downtown Nashville to I-840 near Murfreesboro. Drivers who choose to use the lanes will benefit from more consistent travel speeds  even during peak periods  while those remaining in the free general-purpose lanes will also experience reduced congestion.Ferrovial has successfully replicated this model in other growing U.S. metropolitan areas  including Dallas-Fort Worth  Charlotte and Washington  D.C. On Virginia's 66 Express Outside the Beltway corridor  similar express lanes have reduced peak travel times by as much as 50 percent while providing reliable trip conditions. By bringing that experience to Tennessee  the project will deliver lasting mobility benefits and support continued growth across the region.* This press release includes inside information in accordance with article 7 of the Market Abuse RegulationAbout FerrovialFerrovial is a leading global infrastructure company transforming highways  airports  and energy around the world. Its distinctive integrated business model supports the entire lifecycle of complex projects  from design and financing to construction  operation and maintenance. The company has a global presence and employs more than 22 500 people worldwide. North America is Ferrovial's growth engine  where it developed and is currently operating five Express Lanes across Texas  North Carolina and Virginia  and is managing the 407 ETR highway in Toronto  Canada. The company is also leading the development of the New Terminal One at JFK International Airport. Ferrovial shares trade under the ticker symbol FER on three stock markets: U.S. (Nasdaq100 Index)  Spain (IBEX35)  and the Netherlands. The company is included in globally recognized sustainability indices such as the Dow Jones Best-in-Class Index.Forward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  which include statements with respect to the steps of the planned delisting from Euronext Amsterdam. Any express or implied statements contained in this announcement that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  statements regarding estimates and projections provided by Ferrovial and certain other sources with respect to Ferrovial's financial position  business strategy  plans  and objectives of management for future operations  dividends  capital structure  as well as statements that include the words ""expect "" ""aim "" ""intend "" ""plan "" ""believe "" ""project "" ""forecast "" ""estimate "" ""may "" ""will""  ""should "" ""target "" ""anticipate"" and similar statements of a future or forward-looking nature  or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions  although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Such statements may reflect various assumptions by Ferrovial and are subject to significant business  regulatory  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  and known and unknown risks  many of which are beyond Ferrovial's control and may be impossible to predict. Ferrovial gives no representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such statements  expectations  estimates and projections contained in this press release or that any forecast made or contained herein will be achieved. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ include  without limitation: risks related to our diverse geographical operations and business divisions; general economic and political conditions and events and the impact they may have on us  including  but not limited to  impacts on demand or public fund allocation in the industries in which we operate  volatility or increases in inflation rates and rates of interest  exchange rate fluctuations  increased costs and availability of materials  and other ongoing impacts including from  for example  changes in tariff regimes  the Russia/Ukraine conflict  and the Middle East conflict; our legal and regulatory risks given that we operate in highly regulated environments  and the impact of any changes in governmental laws and regulations  including but not limited to tax regimes or regulations; the fact that our business is derived from a small number of major projects; risks related to government contracting; the impact of competitive pressures in our industries  including on bid success and pricing; risks related to our acquisitions  divestments and other strategic transactions that we may undertake; cyber threats or other technology disruptions; our ability accurately to develop estimates or the impact of changes in our underlying assumptions  with respect to project plans  including project timing and budgets  and our ability to meet contractual expectations with respect thereto; the impacts of accidents  disruptions  or other incidents at our project sites and facilities; our ability to obtain adequate financing or access to capital in the future as needed and the impact of reliance on joint venture and partnership arrangements; our reliance on and ability to locate  select  monitor  and manage subcontractors and service providers; the impact of certain swaps and hedging arrangements we enter into from time to time; limitations on our ability to declare and fund future dividends or other distributions  and distribution processes and timelines; our ability to maintain compliance with the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq Global Select Market and the Spanish Stock Exchanges; lawsuits and other claims by third parties or investigations by various regulatory agencies that we may be subject to; our ability to comply with our ESG commitments or other sustainability demands  including changing or conflicting expectations in connection with sustainability and ESG matters; physical and transitional risks in connection with the impacts of climate change; risks related to the adequacy or existence of our insurance coverage and any non-recoverable losses; and the other important factors discussed under the caption ""Risk Factors"" in our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC"") for the fiscal year ended December 31  2025 which is available on the SEC website at www.sec.gov  as such factors may be updated from time to time in our other filings with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements contained in this announcement speak only as of the date hereof and accordingly undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. We disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this announcement  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  other than to the extent required by applicable law. Forward-looking statements in this announcement are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions contained in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by relevant safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements (or their equivalent) of any applicable jurisdiction.SOURCE Ferrovial",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.13,0.22,0.65,True,English,"['I-24 Choice Lanes', 'Ferrovial', 'Tennessee', 'other growing U.S. metropolitan areas', 'The I-24 Southeast Choice Lanes project', 'largest single capital investment', 'significant business, regulatory, economic', 'distinctive integrated business model', 'leading global infrastructure company', 'The Ferrovial-led consortium', 'largest private investment', 'innovative infrastructure investment', 'other similar expressions', 'free general-purpose lanes', 'first public-private partnership', 'Tikehau Star Infra', 'cost-effective transportation solution', 'reliable travel times', 'consistent travel speeds', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'New Terminal One', 'JFK International Airport', 'three stock markets', 'public fund allocation', 'peak travel times', 'reliable trip conditions', 'diverse geographical operations', 'five Express Lanes', 'landmark transportation project', 'future transportation needs', 'growing Nashville region', 'similar express lanes', 'lasting mobility benefits', 'other sources', 'global presence', 'essential infrastructure', 'business strategy', 'capital structure', 'business divisions', 'economic success', 'general economic', 'peak periods', 'future operations', 'political conditions', 'similar statements', '26-mile project', '$9.2 billion project', 'Ignacio Madridejos', 'congested corridors', 'key corridor', 'reduced congestion', 'Dallas-Fort Worth', 'D.C.', 'Beltway corridor', 'continued growth', 'press release', 'entire lifecycle', 'complex projects', 'North America', 'growth engine', 'North Carolina', '407 ETR highway', 'ticker symbol', 'Nasdaq100 Index', 'sustainability indices', 'Dow Jones', 'Class Index', 'historical fact', 'financial position', 'forward-looking nature', 'various assumptions', 'actual results', 'downtown Nashville', 'Forward-looking statements', 'implied statements', 'Such statements', 'concession value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'competitive uncertainties', 'unknown risks', 'Ferrovial CEO', 'Ferrovial shares', '66 Express', 'history', 'PRNewswire', 'Tennessee', 'communities', 'connectivity', 'decades', 'directions', 'Murfreesboro', 'DriveTN', 'Transurban', 'Drivers', 'Charlotte', 'Washington', 'Virginia', '50 percent', 'experience', 'inside', 'information', 'accordance', 'article', 'highways', 'airports', 'energy', 'world', 'design', 'financing', 'construction', 'maintenance', '22,500 people', 'Texas', 'Toronto', 'Canada', 'development', 'Spain', 'IBEX', 'Netherlands', 'respect', 'steps', 'delisting', 'announcement', 'limitation', 'estimates', 'projections', 'plans', 'objectives', 'management', 'dividends', 'words', 'expect', 'aim', 'believe', 'forecast', 'target', 'terms', 'contingencies', 'control', 'representation', 'warranty', 'accuracy', 'completeness', 'events', 'impact', 'demand', 'industries']",2026-08-20,2026-08-21,prnewswire.com
57303,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/keymed-biosciences-announces-2026-h1-results-and-business-updates-302856519.html,Keymed Biosciences Announces 2026 H1 Results and Business Updates,CHENGDU  China  Aug. 20  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- On August 19  2026  Keymed Biosciences (HKEX: 02162) announced its interim results for the six months ended June 30  2026. Guided by a clear dual-engine driven strategy  the company demonstrated outstanding execut…,"CHENGDU  China  Aug. 20  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- On August 19  2026  Keymed Biosciences (HKEX: 02162) announced its interim results for the six months ended June 30  2026. Guided by a clear dual-engine driven strategy  the company demonstrated outstanding execution capabilities: In the domestic market  following the successful commercialization and implementation of medical insurance coverage for the core product Kangyueda  the company's highly qualified in-house marketing team rapidly stepped up its efforts  driving a robust breakthrough in domestic commercialization revenue from ""1 to N""  and providing the Company with a robust cash flow and a solid performance foundation. In the overseas market  the research and development capabilities of Keymed continued to be recognized by multinational pharmaceutical companies. Overseas out-licensing collaborations in respect of its key pipelines and their steady clinical advancement not only validated the Company's innovative capabilities  but also generated substantial upfront payments and milestone revenue. The steady increase in domestic sales and the continued advancement of overseas (BD) activities complemented each other  establishing a dual-engine driven growth model with exceptional resilience and explosive growth potential.Rapid Growth in Sales Revenue  and Cash Flows Contribution from Business DevelopmentIn the first half of 2026  the company achieved total revenue of RMB617 million  mainly boosted by the strong performance of our commercialization product  Kangyueda's revenue increased by 132% to RMB393 million. Collaboration revenue amounted to RMB224 million for the six months ended June 30  2026  primarily attributable to the milestone payment received under the exclusive license agreement with AstraZeneca AB  attesting to the robust potential of our pipeline. Profit for the period reached RMB1 220 million. The swing from loss to profit was primarily driven by the successful merger and acquisition of our NewCo by MNC and rapid revenue growth  alongside enhancement in operational efficiency. The Company's cash reserves (including cash and cash equivalents  time deposits  and financial assets at FVTPL) amounted to approximately RMB3.24 billion  providing a solid financial foundation for its sustainable growth and global innovation.Dual-wheel Drive Fully Launched  Pipeline Portfolio Gaining MomentumIn 2026  Kangyueda entered the first year of full-scale volume growth under medical insurance coverage. As of June 30  2026  the Company's commercialisation team comprised nearly 500 personnel  covering more than 1 600 hospitals and over 260 cities  with market access initiatives progressing rapidly. Kangyueda generated sales revenue of RMB393 million  representing a year-on-year increase of 132%. In July 2026  Kangyueda was officially included in the National Essential Medicines List (2026 Edition)  which took effect on September 1  2026. Pursuant to the relevant administrative requirements for essential medicines  public medical institutions at all levels nationwide are required to procure and give priority to the use of medicines included in the list. Such inclusion is conducive to enabling Kangyueda to overcome its previous limitations in Grade III Class A hospitals  accelerating its penetration into county-level and primary healthcare markets  broadening terminal prescription settings and further enhancing the accessibility of the medicine.In January and March 2026  the marketing applications for Stapokibart for the treatment of moderate-to-severe AD in adolescents and prurigo nodularis (PN) were accepted by the NMPA. Concurrently  we are advancing a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase III clinical study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Stapokibart in pediatric subjects with moderate-to-severe AD. As of the date of this announcement  patient enrollment is ongoing. In July 2026  we initiated a multicenter  randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase III clinical study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Stapokibart injection with background therapy for the treatment of adolescent patients with SAR.BD Milestone Realization Drives Further Acceleration of Global R&DCM336 (BCMA x CD3 bispecific antibody): On June 5  2026  the Group's NewCo partner  Ouro Medicines  was successfully acquired by Gilead and Lakefront (Euronext & Nasdaq: LKFT  formerly known as Galapagos)  and the transaction has been officially completed. The Group has received an upfront payment of US$257 million  and is entitled to receive milestone payments of up to approximately US$70 million. In addition  the exclusive license agreement entered into between the Group and Ouro Medicines in November 2024 remains in effect. The milestone payments of up to US$610 million will be fulfilled by Gilead and Lakefront  and the tiered royalties on net sales ranging from high single digits to mid-double digits will be fulfilled by Gilead. Through this transaction  Lakefront acquired substantially all of the team and operating assets of Ouro Medicines  and will collaborate with Gilead on the subsequent development of CM336/OM336. Lakefront will be responsible for the ongoing and future Phase I/II clinical studies of CM336/OM336  while Gilead will lead the pivotal registrational and late-stage studies. The exclusive global commercialisation rights (excluding the Greater China region) are solely owned by Gilead.On June 5  2026  the Group's NewCo partner  Ouro Medicines  was successfully acquired by Gilead and Lakefront (Euronext & Nasdaq: LKFT  formerly known as Galapagos)  and the transaction has been officially completed. The Group has received an upfront payment of US$257 million  and is entitled to receive milestone payments of up to approximately US$70 million. In addition  the exclusive license agreement entered into between the Group and Ouro Medicines in November 2024 remains in effect. The milestone payments of up to US$610 million will be fulfilled by Gilead and Lakefront  and the tiered royalties on net sales ranging from high single digits to mid-double digits will be fulfilled by Gilead. Through this transaction  Lakefront acquired substantially all of the team and operating assets of Ouro Medicines  and will collaborate with Gilead on the subsequent development of CM336/OM336. Lakefront will be responsible for the ongoing and future Phase I/II clinical studies of CM336/OM336  while Gilead will lead the pivotal registrational and late-stage studies. The exclusive global commercialisation rights (excluding the Greater China region) are solely owned by Gilead. CMG901/AZD0901 (Claudin 18.2 ADC): The CLDN18.2 ADC  in collaboration with AstraZeneca  is leading the global clinical development timeline among the first tier. CMG901/AZD0901 has obtained Fast Track Designation and Orphan Drug Designation from the FDA for second-line or later gastric cancer as well as Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the CDE  with OS demonstrating a statistically significant and highly clinically meaningful benefit (CLDN18.2 expression rate ≥25% for enrolled subjects). The global multi-center Phase III clinical trial for first-line gastric cancer completed its first patient enrollment in early 2026  and the perioperative gastric cancer study is in the Phase II clinical stage. The development is further differentiated by expanding into additional tumor types  including biliary tract cancer and pancreatic cancer.The CLDN18.2 ADC  in collaboration with AstraZeneca  is leading the global clinical development timeline among the first tier. CMG901/AZD0901 has obtained Fast Track Designation and Orphan Drug Designation from the FDA for second-line or later gastric cancer as well as Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the CDE  with OS demonstrating a statistically significant and highly clinically meaningful benefit (CLDN18.2 expression rate ≥25% for enrolled subjects). The global multi-center Phase III clinical trial for first-line gastric cancer completed its first patient enrollment in early 2026  and the perioperative gastric cancer study is in the Phase II clinical stage. The development is further differentiated by expanding into additional tumor types  including biliary tract cancer and pancreatic cancer. CM355/PRO-203 (CD20 x CD3 bispecific antibody): Prolium continues to advance an international multi-center Phase I/II clinical study of CM355/PRO-203 for SSc  and completed the dosing of the first patient with systemic sclerosis in June 2026  and will also initiate therapeutic studies for other B-cell-driven severe autoimmune diseases within 2026.Intensive Pipeline Breakthroughs  Next-generation blockbuster lead a new iterationCM512 (a TSLP/IL-13 bispecific antibody): Next-generation blockbuster CM512 is poised to succeed Kangyueda and lead a new iteration of autoimmune disease treatment. As the world's first IgG-like long-acting dual TSLP/IL-13 inhibitor  CM512 has a half-life of up to 70 days  has met all clinical endpoints in the Phase II clinical trial for CRSwNP. CM512 demonstrates a rapid onset of action  capable of rapidly shrinking nasal polyps at week 4 post-dosing while significantly improving nasal congestion and promoting the recovery of olfactory function. The efficacy of a single injection can be maintained for six months. At week 24  its change from baseline in the Nasal Polyp Score (NPS) was significantly superior to that of the control group  while overall inflammation of the sinus cavity was significantly reduced  and its Phase III clinical trial has been rapidly initiated. The Company has also established a presence in indications including moderate-to-severe asthma  moderate-to-severe COPD  moderate-to-severe AD in adults  perennial allergic rhinitis  and chronic spontaneous urticaria.Next-generation blockbuster CM512 is poised to succeed Kangyueda and lead a new iteration of autoimmune disease treatment. As the world's first IgG-like long-acting dual TSLP/IL-13 inhibitor  CM512 has a half-life of up to 70 days  has met all clinical endpoints in the Phase II clinical trial for CRSwNP. CM512 demonstrates a rapid onset of action  capable of rapidly shrinking nasal polyps at week 4 post-dosing while significantly improving nasal congestion and promoting the recovery of olfactory function. The efficacy of a single injection can be maintained for six months. At week 24  its change from baseline in the Nasal Polyp Score (NPS) was significantly superior to that of the control group  while overall inflammation of the sinus cavity was significantly reduced  and its Phase III clinical trial has been rapidly initiated. The Company has also established a presence in indications including moderate-to-severe asthma  moderate-to-severe COPD  moderate-to-severe AD in adults  perennial allergic rhinitis  and chronic spontaneous urticaria. CM336 (BCMA x CD3 bispecific antibody): In the field of autoimmune diseases  we continued to advance an open-label  multi-center Phase II clinical study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of CM336 injection for the treatment of relapsed or refractory primary light-chain amyloidosis in the first half of 2026  and this study is currently in the patient enrollment phase. In May 2026  CM336  intended for the treatment of relapsed or refractory light-chain amyloidosis in patients previously treated with bortezomib and CD38 monoclonal antibody (mAb)  was included in the Breakthrough Therapy Designation list.In the first half of 2026  we continued to advance a Phase I/II clinical study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of CM336 injection for the treatment of subjects with relapsed or refractory autoimmune cytopenias. As of the date of this announcement  patient enrollment for Phase I of the clinical study has been completed. In July 2026  an open-label Phase Ib study was initiated to evaluate CM336 injection in patients with active Sjögren's syndrome.In the field of oncology  the IND application for the Phase III clinical trial of CM336 in combination with CM313 (a CD38 mAb) for second-line or later-line RRMM was accepted by the National Medical Products Administration (the ""NMPA"") on July 3  2026. The study is divided into two parts: Part 1 is a non-randomized safety run-in phase  and Part 2 is a randomized controlled registration cohort  which will evaluate multiple dosing regimens compared to SOC. The trial will be initiated upon receipt of the clinical trial approval.Other Pipeline Programs Progressing Steadily:CM313: Continued to advance a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase II clinical study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of CM313 (SC) injection in subjects with IgA nephropathy. As of the date of this announcement  this study is in the patient enrollment phase.CM518D1: Continued to advance a multi-center  open-label Phase I/II clinical trial.To date  the Company has submitted Investigational New Drug (IND) applications for multiple pipeline candidates  including CM529D1 (a DLL3/SEZ6 bispecific ADC) for small cell lung cancer  CM583 (a long-acting CGRP/PACAP bispecific antibody) for migraine  and CM551 (a long-acting TL1A/IL-23 p19 bispecific antibody) for inflammatory bowel disease.We expect that multiple First-in-Class pipeline candidates will enter the IND and clinical stages  including long-acting bispecific antibodies  bispecific ADCs  siRNA and Protac  to address global unmet medical needs in chronic diseases and oncology.Sustained Momentum in R&D  Production  and Talent Solidifies the FoundationWe have built 6 fully-integrated platforms to enable our in-depth R&D in the areas of immunology and oncology including: Antibody Discovery Platform  KeyMedSTAR™ ADC Platform  TCE Bispecific Antibody Platform  VESIR™ Oligonucleotide Platform  Small Molecule Platform and KeyCND™ Blood-Brain Barrier-Penetrating Antibody Delivery Platform. Our platforms are integrated seamlessly to support key drug development functionalities  including antibody screening  small molecule lead compound discovery  antibody conjugation  functional evaluation  in vivo preclinical studies and biomarker identification. We have the expertise and capability to independently complete the entire drug development process from drug discovery to preclinical research to clinical development and to NDA/BLA application.To ensure production and supply of high-quality and affordable antibody drugs  we have always been committed to enhancing our in-house manufacturing capabilities. We have internally developed high-expressing cell lines to ensure high yield and low costs for our antibody drugs manufacturing. As of the date of this announcement  the production base in Chengdu has 3 pilot production lines and 3 commercial production lines  with a total production capacity of 21 800 litres. The stainless steel production lines with an additional production capacity of 24 000 litres have completed installation and commissioning and will soon be put into use. All such designs comply with the cGMP requirements of the NMPA and the FDA.As of June 30  2026  we had 1 768 full-time employees in total  including nearly 500 employees engaging in commercialization and nearly 420 employees engaged in drug discovery and clinical operations. We will continue to recruit talent to meet the growing needs of commercial sales of products  research and development  clinical  production and the Company's operations.Standing at the brand-new starting point of its tenth anniversary  Keymed will continue to uphold its ""patient-centric"" original aspiration. Leveraging the robust momentum of its dual-drive strategy  the Company will accelerate the research and development and commercialisation process of its global pipeline  committing to providing more high-quality and accessible innovative therapies for patients worldwide  and creating long-term  sustainable  and exceptional value for Shareholders.SOURCE Keymed Biosciences",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Keymed Biosciences', '2026 H1 Results', 'Business Updates', 'multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase III clinical study', 'Grade III Class A hospitals', 'clear dual-engine driven strategy', 'Global R&D CM336', 'dual-engine driven growth model', 'National Essential Medicines List', 'steady clinical advancement', 'medical insurance coverage', 'multinational pharmaceutical companies', 'exclusive license agreement', 'relevant administrative requirements', 'public medical institutions', 'primary healthcare markets', 'terminal prescription settings', 'CD3 bispecific antibody', 'full-scale volume growth', 'Overseas out-licensing collaborations', 'overseas (BD) activities', 'solid performance foundation', 'solid financial foundation', 'high single digits', 'outstanding execution capabilities', 'explosive growth potential', 'market access initiatives', 'Cash Flows Contribution', 'BD Milestone Realization', 'substantial upfront payments', 'robust cash flow', 'house marketing team', 'rapid revenue growth', 'domestic commercialization revenue', 'Rapid Growth', 'overseas market', 'global innovation', 'robust potential', 'sustainable growth', 'domestic market', 'milestone payments', 'steady increase', 'continued advancement', 'strong performance', 'financial assets', 'marketing applications', 'mid-double digits', 'successful commercialization', 'robust breakthrough', 'development capabilities', 'innovative capabilities', 'domestic sales', 'commercialization product', 'milestone revenue', 'cash reserves', 'cash equivalents', 'Ouro Medicines', 'Sales Revenue', 'total revenue', 'Collaboration revenue', 'interim results', 'six months', 'core product', 'key pipelines', 'exceptional resilience', 'Business Development', 'first half', 'AstraZeneca AB', 'successful merger', 'operational efficiency', 'time deposits', 'Dual-wheel Drive', 'first year', 'commercialisation team', 'year increase', 'Such inclusion', 'previous limitations', 'severe AD', 'prurigo nodularis', 'pediatric subjects', 'patient enrollment', 'background therapy', 'adolescent patients', 'Further Acceleration', 'net sales', 'operating assets', 'Keymed Biosciences', 'Pipeline Portfolio', 'NewCo partner', 'Stapokibart injection', 'The Group', 'The Company', '1,600 hospitals', 'CHENGDU', 'China', 'Aug.', 'PRNewswire', 'August', 'HKEX', 'June', 'implementation', 'Kangyueda', 'efforts', 'research', 'respect', 'Profit', 'period', 'swing', 'loss', 'acquisition', 'MNC', 'enhancement', 'FVTPL', 'Momentum', '500 personnel', '260 cities', 'July', '26 Edition', 'effect', 'September', 'levels', 'priority', 'penetration', 'county-level', 'accessibility', 'January', 'March', 'treatment', 'moderate', 'adolescents', 'PN', 'NMPA', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'date', 'announcement', 'SAR', 'BCMA', 'Gilead', 'Lakefront', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'LKFT', 'Galapagos', 'transaction', 'addition', 'November', 'royalties']",2026-08-20,2026-08-21,prnewswire.com
