UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
55253,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2026/03/04/market-infrastructure-firms-warn-tokenized-securities-face-higher-costs-split-liquidity-without-interoperability,Market infrastructure firms warn tokenized securities face higher costs  split liquidity without interoperability,The DTCC  Euroclear and Clearstream argue that the principle of “same asset  same rights  same outcome” must apply across both distributed ledger technology networks and traditional finance systems.,The world’s largest market infrastructure operators are warning that tokenized securities will struggle to scale unless the industry agrees on how blockchains and traditional finance systems connect.In a joint white paper  the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation (DTCC)  Euroclear and Clearstream  working with Boston Consulting Group  argued that “interoperability is a prerequisite for digital asset security (DAS) adoption at scale.” Without it  they wrote  assets risk being trapped on isolated networks  leaving “operational costs high” and liquidity fragmented as trading volumes grow.The group stopped short of endorsing any single technology. Instead  it framed the problem as structural. Dozens of public and permissioned blockchains now host pilots and live products. Each uses its own standards  smart contract logic and settlement design. That diversity  the paper says  makes integration harder and increases operational and regulatory risk.The authors rejected the idea that one dominant ledger will emerge. The operating model  they said  is shifting toward a “network-of-networks  with standards  gateways  and regulated service providers” linking digital and traditional systems. In that environment  assets must move across platforms while preserving what the paper calls “the asset’s integrity  ownership rights and lifecycle  with full legal and regulatory compliance.”They summarized the goal in a short phrase: “same asset  same rights  same outcome.”The warning comes as tokenization gains ground in repo markets and pilot programs across the U.S. and Europe. While onchain securities remain small compared with global equity and FX markets  the paper notes that large-scale infrastructure is already in motion  including more than $300 billion in daily repo activity across major platforms.Still  many workflows depend on legacy rails. Tokenized bonds may trade on-chain  but cash often settles through real-time gross settlement systems or bank payment networks. Custodians and central securities depositories still maintain books of record. The paper assumes this coexistence will last for years.The framework also extends beyond technical bridges. Interoperability  the authors argued  must cover assets and liabilities  ownership recognition  lifecycle events  ledger finality and legal enforceability. Without alignment across those layers  cross-chain or cross-border transactions may require extra reconciliation steps that erode promised efficiency gains.The group called on regulators and market participants to develop working groups focused on governance  standards and resilience. “Collective action today will shape resilient markets tomorrow ” the paper states.That push comes as major Wall Street firms argue tokenization could reshape financial markets by enabling 24/7 trading  faster settlement and more efficient use of collateral. Executives at large banks and asset managers have said blockchain-based rails may eventually reduce back-office costs and free up capital tied up in multi-day settlement cycles. Some have described tokenized assets as a path toward more integrated global markets  where cash and securities move in near real time.The paper does not dispute that vision. Instead  it suggests that achieving it depends less on launching new chains and more on aligning the rules that govern them.,negative,0.0,0.3,0.7,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,True,English,"['Market infrastructure firms', 'higher costs', 'securities', 'liquidity', 'interoperability', 'major Wall Street firms', 'largest market infrastructure operators', 'real-time gross settlement systems', 'regulated service providers', 'extra reconciliation steps', 'multi-day settlement cycles', 'traditional finance systems', 'one dominant ledger', 'daily repo activity', 'bank payment networks', 'central securities depositories', 'integrated global markets', 'Boston Consulting Group', 'joint white paper', 'digital asset security', 'traditional systems', 'large-scale infrastructure', 'market participants', 'settlement design', 'faster settlement', 'repo markets', 'global equity', 'major platforms', 'ledger finality', 'FX markets', 'resilient markets', 'financial markets', 'tokenized securities', 'Depository Trust', 'Clearing Corporation', 'DAS) adoption', 'isolated networks', 'trading volumes', 'single technology', 'live products', 'smart contract', 'regulatory risk', 'operating model', 'ownership rights', 'full legal', 'regulatory compliance', 'short phrase', 'same asset', 'same rights', 'same outcome', 'pilot programs', 'U.S.', 'onchain securities', 'many workflows', 'legacy rails', 'Tokenized bonds', 'technical bridges', 'ownership recognition', 'legal enforceability', 'cross-border transactions', 'efficiency gains', 'working groups', 'Collective action', '24/7 trading', 'efficient use', 'large banks', 'asset managers', 'blockchain-based rails', 'back-office costs', 'real time', 'new chains', 'operational costs', 'permissioned blockchains', 'lifecycle events', 'tokenized assets', 'world', 'industry', 'DTCC', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'interoperability', 'prerequisite', 'liquidity', 'problem', 'Dozens', 'public', 'pilots', 'standards', 'logic', 'diversity', 'integration', 'authors', 'idea', 'gateways', 'environment', 'integrity', 'goal', 'warning', 'tokenization', 'ground', 'Europe', 'motion', 'cash', 'Custodians', 'books', 'record', 'coexistence', 'years', 'framework', 'liabilities', 'alignment', 'layers', 'cross-chain', 'regulators', 'governance', 'resilience', 'push', 'collateral', 'Executives', 'capital', 'path', 'near', 'vision', 'rules']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,coindesk.com
55254,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/03/04/3249077/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Suominen-Corporation.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Suominen Corporation,Notice is given to the shareholders of Suominen Corporation to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  April 15  2026  at 1:00 p.m. (EEST)....,Suominen Corporation’s stock exchange release on March 4  2026  at 10:00 a.m. (EET)Notice is given to the shareholders of Suominen Corporation to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  April 15  2026  at 1:00 p.m. (EEST). The General Meeting will be held without a meeting venue using remote connection in real time  in accordance with Section 10 of the Articles of Association of the Company and Chapter 5  Section 16 Subsection 3 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. Instructions for participation are provided in section C of this notice.The shareholders can also exercise their right to vote by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are shown in this notice to the General Meeting under Section C. “Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting”.A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingThe General Meeting will discuss the following matters:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  which include the consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2025Review by the President & CEO.The financial statements including the consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors (including the sustainability statement)  the auditor’s report and the sustainability assurance report are available on the company’s website at www.suominen.fi/agm on March 25  2026  at the latest.7. Adoption of the financial statements and the consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividend be paid based on the adopted balance sheet regarding the financial year of 2025 and that the distributable funds be left in the company’s unrestricted equity.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Adoption of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the remuneration report for the governing bodies for 2025 in accordance with the remuneration policy adopted at the Annual General Meeting 2024. The resolution is an advisory resolution.The remuneration report for 2025 will be available on the company’s website at www.suominen.fi/agm on March 25  2026  at the latest.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board of Suominen Corporation proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the Board of Directors remains unchanged and would be as follows: the Chair would be paid an annual fee of EUR 74 000  the Deputy Chair an annual fee of EUR 45 000 and other Board members an annual fee of EUR 35 000. The Nomination Board also proposes that the additional fee paid to the Chair of the Audit Committee would remain unchanged and be EUR 10 000.Further  the Nomination Board proposes that the fees payable for each Board and Committee meeting would remain unchanged and be as follows: EUR 500 for each meeting held in the home country of the respective member  EUR 1 000 for each meeting held elsewhere than in the home country of the respective member and EUR 500 for each meeting attended by telephone or other electronic means. No fee is paid for decisions made without convening a meeting.75% of the annual fees is paid in cash and 25% in Suominen Corporation’s shares. The shares will be transferred out of the own shares held by the company by the decision of the Board of Directors within two weeks from the date on which the interim report of January–March 2026 of the company is published.Compensation for expenses will be paid in accordance with the company's valid travel policy.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members will be decreased from seven to six (6).However  should any number of the candidates proposed by the Shareholders’ Nomination Board not be available for election to the Board of Directors for any reason  the proposed number of Board members shall be decreased accordingly.13. Election of members of the Board of Directors and the Chairman of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Andreas Ahlström  Gail Ciccione  Maija Joutsenkoski  Nina Linander and Laura Remes would be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and that Ville Vuori would be elected as a new member of the Board of Directors.Out of the current Board members  Björn Borgman has informed that he is not available for re-election to the Board of Directors. Additionally  the current Chairman of the Board  Charles Héaulmé  has decided to step out from the Board of Directors due to his role as the President & CEO of the Company.Ville Vuori (b. 1973  B.Sc. (Mech. Eng.)  eMBA  Finnish citizen) currently acts as the Chairman of the Boards of Incap Oyj and Aspocomp Oyj. Prior to that  he served as the CEO of Kemppi Oy and Incap Oyj.All candidates have given their consent to the election. All candidates are independent of the company. All candidates are independent of the company’s significant shareholders  with the exceptions of Andreas Ahlström and Maija Joutsenkoski. The largest shareholder of Suominen Corporation  Ahlstrom Capital B.V.  is part of the A. Ahlström Group. Andreas Ahlström acts currently as the CEO of Ahlström Invest B.V.  which is an associated company of A. Ahlström Group. Maija Joutsenkoski acts as the Investment Director at A. Ahlström Corporation  which is the parent company of Ahlstrom Capital B.V.Further  the Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Ville Vuori would be elected as the Chair of the Board of Directors.With regard to the election procedure for the members of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board recommends that the shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting. In preparing its proposals the Nomination Board  in addition to ensuring that individual board member candidates possess the required competences  has determined that the proposed Board of Directors as a whole has the best possible expertise for the company and that the composition of the Board of Directors meets the other requirements of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code for listed companies.Should any of the candidates presented above not be available for election to the Board of Directors for any reason  the remaining available candidates are proposed to be elected in accordance with the proposal by the Shareholders’ Nomination Board.The presentation of the new person nominated for the Board of Directors is available on the company’s website at www.suominen.fi/agm. The presentation of the nominated current members of the Board of Directors is available on the company’s website at www.suominen.fi.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorOn the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the auditor’s fee be paid according to the invoice approved by the company.15. Election of auditorBased on the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab are elected as the auditor of the company for the term set out in the articles of association of the company. KPMG Oy Ab has informed that Anders Lundin  APA  authorised sustainability auditor (ASA) will act as the principally responsible auditor of the company if KPMG Oy Ab is elected as the company’s auditor.16. Resolution on the remuneration of the authorised sustainability auditorOn the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the authorised sustainability auditor be paid according to the invoice approved by the company for measures related to the review of sustainability reporting.17. Election of the authorised sustainability auditorOn the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab be elected as the company’s authorised sustainability auditor for a term that lasts until the end of the company's next Annual General Meeting. KPMG Oy Ab has stated that Anders Lundin  ASA  will act as the responsible authorised sustainability auditor if KPMG Oy Ab is elected as the company’s authorised sustainability auditor.18. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own shares on the following terms and conditions:By virtue of authorization  the Board of Directors is entitled to decide on repurchasing a maximum of 1 000 000 of the company’s own shares  which corresponds to approximately 1.7 per cent of the total number of the company's shares at the time of the proposal.The company’s own shares shall be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the holdings of the shareholders by using the unrestricted equity through trading on the regulated market organized by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price prevailing at the time of acquisition.The shares shall be repurchased and paid in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Euroclear Finland Ltd.The shares shall be repurchased to be used in the company’s share-based incentive programs  in order to disburse the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  for use as consideration in acquisitions related to the company’s business  or to be held by the company  to be conveyed by other means or to be cancelled.The Board of Directors shall decide on other terms and conditions related to the repurchase of the company’s own shares. The repurchase authorization shall be valid until June 30  2027  and it revokes all earlier authorizations to repurchase company’s own shares.19. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the share issue and granting of option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on the issuance of new shares  conveyance of the company’s own shares held by the company and/or granting of option rights and other special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Companies Act.By virtue of the proposed authorization  the Board of Directors may  by one or several resolutions  issue a maximum of 8 000 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 13.7 per cent of the total number of the company's shares at the time of the proposal. The shares granted by virtue of option rights and other special rights are included in the aforementioned maximum number. Option rights and other special rights may not be granted as a part of the company’s remuneration system.The share issue can be made either against payment or without payment and can also be directed to the company itself. The authorization entitles the Board of Directors to issue the shares also otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed share issue). The authorization can be used to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements related to the company’s business  to finance investments  to improve the company’s financial structure  as part of the company’s remuneration system or to pay the share proportion of the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.The authorization shall revoke all earlier authorizations regarding share issue and issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares. The Board of Directors shall decide on all other terms and conditions related to the authorization. The authorization shall be valid until June 30  2027.20. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThis notice including all proposals relating to the agenda of the Annual General Meeting are available on the company’s website at www.suominen.fi/agm. The annual report of Suominen Corporation  which includes the company’s financial statements  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors (including the sustainability statement) the auditor’s report and the sustainability assurance report  as well as the remuneration report are available on the above website on March 25  2026 at the latest. The proposals and other documents mentioned above are also available at the General Meeting.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above website on April 29  2026  at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerShareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register of Euroclear Finland Ltd. on the record date of the General Meeting April 1  2026 are entitled to participate in the General Meeting. Any shareholder whose company shares are recorded in their personal Finnish book-entry account is automatically included in the company's shareholders’ register. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder's voting rights.The registration period for the General Meeting commences on March 5  2026 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the company’s shareholders’ register and wishes to participate in the General Meeting must register for the meeting no later than April 7  2026  by 4:00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration must be received. A shareholder can register for the General Meeting:a) Via the company’s website at www.suominen.fi/agm.Electronic registration requires strong identification of the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy with a Finnish  Swedish  or Danish bank ID  or a mobile certificate.b) By e-mail.Shareholders registering by e-mail shall submit the registration form and advance voting form available on the company’s website www.suominen.fi/agm or equivalent information to agm@innovatics.fi.c) By mail.Shareholders registering by mail shall submit the registration form and advance voting form available on the company’s website www.suominen.fi/agm or equivalent information to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Suominen Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland.The shareholder and their representative are required to provide necessary information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth or business ID  phone number and/or e-mail  address  the name of any assistant or proxy representative and the proxy representative’s date of birth  phone number and/or e-mail. The personal data provided to Suominen Corporation is only used in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations related thereto.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the registration period of the General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time).2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares is entitled to participate in the General Meeting based on the shares which would entitle them entry into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. on the record date of the General Meeting April 1  2026. Participation also requires that the shareholder is temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. by April 10  2026  by 10.00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest. In the case of nominee-registered shares  this is considered as registration for the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of the shareholder's voting rights.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions from their custodian bank regarding temporary registration in the shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration and attendance at the General Meeting  and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register the holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the General Meeting temporarily in the shareholders’ register of the company by the aforementioned date and time at the latest and  if necessary  arrange for advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares before the end of the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares. Further information is also available on the company's website at www.suominen.fi/agm.A nominee-registered shareholder who has registered for the General Meeting may also  if they wish  participate in the meeting in real time via telecommunications connection and technical means. Real-time participation in the meeting requires  in addition to temporary registration in the company's shareholders' register  the submission of the shareholder's email address and telephone number and  if necessary  a power of attorney and other documents required to prove the right of representation by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Suominen Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period for nominee-registered shareholders in accordance with more detailed instructions received by the shareholder from their custodian  so that the shareholder can be sent a participation link and password for attending the meeting. If the holder of nominee-registered shares has authorized their custodian to vote in advance on their behalf  the votes thus submitted will be taken into account as advance votes of the holder of nominee-registered shares at the General Meeting  unless the holder of nominee-registered shares votes otherwise at the General Meeting.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may attend the General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting through a proxy representative. A shareholder’s proxy representative may also elect to vote in advance as described in this notice if they so wish. The proxy representative must authenticate to the electronic registration service and possible advance voting personally with strong authentication  after which they will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder who they represent. The shareholder’s proxy representative must present dated proxy documents  or otherwise in a reliable manner prove that they are entitled to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting.Proving the right to represent can be done by using the suomi.fi e-authorizations service available in the electronic registration service. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorization topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering for the General Meeting in the general meeting service on the company’s website  authorized representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is automatically verified. The strong electronic authentication works with personal banking codes or a mobile certificate. For more information on the electronic authorizations  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.Model proxy documents are available on the company’s website www.suominen.fi/agm. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting through several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares held in different securities accounts  the shares on the basis of which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Any proxy documents are requested to be submitted preferably as an attachment with the electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Suominen Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period. In addition to submitting the proxy documents  the shareholder or their proxy shall register for the General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.4. Participation instructionsShareholders entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting will attend and exercise their rights in full and in real time via a remote connection during the meeting.The remote connection to the Annual General Meeting will be implemented through Inderes Plc’s virtual meeting service on the Videosync platform  which provides video and audio access to the meeting. Using the remote connection does not require any paid software or downloads. Participation requires  in addition to an internet connection  a computer  smartphone or tablet equipped with speakers or headphones for audio and a microphone for asking questions or making statements orally. It is recommended to use one of the following browsers: Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari or Opera. Logging into the meeting system well before the scheduled start time is advisable.A participation link and password for remote attendance will be sent by e-mail and/or text message to the e-mail address and/or mobile phone number provided at registration to all registered participants no later than the day before the Annual General Meeting. Therefore  shareholders who have voted in advance may also  if they wish  participate remotely via a data connection. Votes cast in advance will be taken into account in the decision-making of the Annual General Meeting regardless of whether the shareholder participates remotely or not. If they do participate remotely  they will have the opportunity to change their advance votes during the meeting if a vote takes place.Detailed information about the meeting service  additional instructions for a proxy representing multiple shareholders  the service provider’s contact details  and guidance for potential technical issues can be found at https://vagm.fi/support. A link to test the compatibility of your computer  smartphone or tablet and internet connection is available at https://b2b.inderes.com/knowledge-base/compatibility-testing. It is recommended to review the detailed participation instructions before the start of the Annual General Meeting.5. Advance votingA shareholder whose shares in the company are registered in their personal Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance between March 5  2026  10:00 a.m. (EET) and April 7  2026  4:00 p.m. (EEST) on certain items on the agenda of the General Meetinga) via the company’s website at www.suominen.fi/agm. Login to the service is done in the same way as for registration in section C.1 of this notice;b) by e-mail by submitting the advance voting form available on the company’s website or equivalent information to Innovatics Oy by e-mail at agm@innovatics.fi; orc) by mail by submitting the advance voting form available on the company’s website or equivalent information to Innovatics Oy at Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Suominen Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland.Advance votes must be received by the time the advance voting ends  i.e. by April 7  2026 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST). The submission of votes by mail or e-mail before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall be considered as registration for the General Meeting  provided that the submission contains the above information required for registration.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise the right to ask questions or demand a vote under the Companies Act unless they participate in the General Meeting in person or through a proxy representative through a remote connection.With respect to nominee-registered shareholders  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares whom they represent in accordance with the voting instructions given by the holders of the nominee-registered shares during the registration period set for the nominee-registered shareholders.Proposals for resolution that are subject to advance voting are deemed to have been made at the General Meeting without any changes.6. Other instructions/informationThe language of the meeting is primarily Finnish  but some speeches may be given in English. At the meeting  there will be simultaneous interpretation into English and  for speeches given in English  into Finnish.A shareholder present at the General Meeting has a right to ask questions at the General Meeting about matters on the agenda of the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act.On the date of the notice to the General Meeting  i.e. on March 4  2026  Suominen Corporation has a total of 58 259 219 shares and votes. The company holds on March 4  2026 a total of 486 744 of its own shares which are not entitled to vote at the General Meeting.In Helsinki  March 4  2026SUOMINEN CORPORATIONThe Board of DirectorsSuominen manufactures nonwovens as roll goods for wipes and other applications. Our vision is to be the frontrunner for nonwovens innovation and sustainability. The end products made of Suominen’s nonwovens are present in people’s daily life worldwide. Suominen’s net sales in 2025 were EUR 412.4 million and we have almost 700 professionals working in Europe and in the Americas. Suominen’s shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. Read more at www.suominen.fi.Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMain mediawww.suominen.fi,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.02,0.26,0.72,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Suominen Corporation', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'stock exchange release', 'other electronic means', 'Andreas Ahlström', 'Björn Borgman', 'Charles Héaulmé', 'valid travel policy', 'consolidated financial statements', 'The General Meeting', 'The Nomination Board', 'Annual General Meeting', 'sustainability assurance report', 'other Board members', 'current Board members', 'The Board', 'sustainability statement', 'annual fee', 'remuneration policy', 'meeting venue', 'Committee meeting', 'remote connection', 'real time', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'unrestricted equity', 'governing bodies', 'Audit Committee', 'home country', 'respective member', 'two weeks', 'Gail Ciccione', 'Maija Joutsenkoski', 'Nina Linander', 'Laura Remes', 'Ville Vuori', 'new member', 'current Chairman', 'financial year', 'Suominen Corporation', 'additional fee', 'interim report', 'section C', 'advance voting', 'A. Matters', 'remuneration report', 'suominen.fi', 'Deputy Chair', 'January–March', 'advisory resolution', '10:00 a', 'fees', 'Notice', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'EEST', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Company', 'Chapter', 'Subsection', 'Instructions', 'participation', 'right', 'participants', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'website', 'agm', 'use', 'profit', 'distribution', 'dividend', 'discharge', 'telephone', 'decisions', 'cash', 'shares', 'Compensation', 'expenses', 'number', 'candidates', 'reason', '1:00']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,globenewswire.com
55255,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2026/03/04/market-infrastructure-firms-warn-tokenized-securities-face-higher-costs-split-liquidity-without-interoperability,Market infrastructure firms warn tokenized securities face higher costs  split liquidity without interoperability,The DTCC  Euroclear and Clearstream argue that the principle of “same asset  same rights  same outcome” must apply across both distributed ledger technology networks and traditional finance systems.,The world’s largest market infrastructure operators are warning that tokenized securities will struggle to scale unless the industry agrees on how blockchains and traditional finance systems connect.In a joint white paper  the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation (DTCC)  Euroclear and Clearstream  working with Boston Consulting Group  argued that “interoperability is a prerequisite for digital asset security (DAS) adoption at scale.” Without it  they wrote  assets risk being trapped on isolated networks  leaving “operational costs high” and liquidity fragmented as trading volumes grow.The group stopped short of endorsing any single technology. Instead  it framed the problem as structural. Dozens of public and permissioned blockchains now host pilots and live products. Each uses its own standards  smart contract logic and settlement design. That diversity  the paper says  makes integration harder and increases operational and regulatory risk.The authors rejected the idea that one dominant ledger will emerge. The operating model  they said  is shifting toward a “network-of-networks  with standards  gateways  and regulated service providers” linking digital and traditional systems. In that environment  assets must move across platforms while preserving what the paper calls “the asset’s integrity  ownership rights and lifecycle  with full legal and regulatory compliance.”They summarized the goal in a short phrase: “same asset  same rights  same outcome.”The warning comes as tokenization gains ground in repo markets and pilot programs across the U.S. and Europe. While onchain securities remain small compared with global equity and FX markets  the paper notes that large-scale infrastructure is already in motion  including more than $300 billion in daily repo activity across major platforms.Still  many workflows depend on legacy rails. Tokenized bonds may trade on-chain  but cash often settles through real-time gross settlement systems or bank payment networks. Custodians and central securities depositories still maintain books of record. The paper assumes this coexistence will last for years.The framework also extends beyond technical bridges. Interoperability  the authors argued  must cover assets and liabilities  ownership recognition  lifecycle events  ledger finality and legal enforceability. Without alignment across those layers  cross-chain or cross-border transactions may require extra reconciliation steps that erode promised efficiency gains.The group called on regulators and market participants to develop working groups focused on governance  standards and resilience. “Collective action today will shape resilient markets tomorrow ” the paper states.That push comes as major Wall Street firms argue tokenization could reshape financial markets by enabling 24/7 trading  faster settlement and more efficient use of collateral. Executives at large banks and asset managers have said blockchain-based rails may eventually reduce back-office costs and free up capital tied up in multi-day settlement cycles. Some have described tokenized assets as a path toward more integrated global markets  where cash and securities move in near real time.The paper does not dispute that vision. Instead  it suggests that achieving it depends less on launching new chains and more on aligning the rules that govern them.,negative,0.0,0.3,0.7,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,True,English,"['Market infrastructure firms', 'higher costs', 'securities', 'liquidity', 'interoperability', 'major Wall Street firms', 'largest market infrastructure operators', 'real-time gross settlement systems', 'regulated service providers', 'extra reconciliation steps', 'multi-day settlement cycles', 'traditional finance systems', 'one dominant ledger', 'daily repo activity', 'bank payment networks', 'central securities depositories', 'integrated global markets', 'Boston Consulting Group', 'joint white paper', 'digital asset security', 'traditional systems', 'large-scale infrastructure', 'market participants', 'settlement design', 'faster settlement', 'repo markets', 'global equity', 'major platforms', 'ledger finality', 'FX markets', 'resilient markets', 'financial markets', 'tokenized securities', 'Depository Trust', 'Clearing Corporation', 'DAS) adoption', 'isolated networks', 'trading volumes', 'single technology', 'live products', 'smart contract', 'regulatory risk', 'operating model', 'ownership rights', 'full legal', 'regulatory compliance', 'short phrase', 'same asset', 'same rights', 'same outcome', 'pilot programs', 'U.S.', 'onchain securities', 'many workflows', 'legacy rails', 'Tokenized bonds', 'technical bridges', 'ownership recognition', 'legal enforceability', 'cross-border transactions', 'efficiency gains', 'working groups', 'Collective action', '24/7 trading', 'efficient use', 'large banks', 'asset managers', 'blockchain-based rails', 'back-office costs', 'real time', 'new chains', 'operational costs', 'permissioned blockchains', 'lifecycle events', 'tokenized assets', 'world', 'industry', 'DTCC', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'interoperability', 'prerequisite', 'liquidity', 'problem', 'Dozens', 'public', 'pilots', 'standards', 'logic', 'diversity', 'integration', 'authors', 'idea', 'gateways', 'environment', 'integrity', 'goal', 'warning', 'tokenization', 'ground', 'Europe', 'motion', 'cash', 'Custodians', 'books', 'record', 'coexistence', 'years', 'framework', 'liabilities', 'alignment', 'layers', 'cross-chain', 'regulators', 'governance', 'resilience', 'push', 'collateral', 'Executives', 'capital', 'path', 'near', 'vision', 'rules']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,coindesk.com
55256,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/03/04/3249757/0/en/DBV-Technologies-to-Participate-in-Upcoming-March-Investor-Conferences.html,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming March Investor Conferences,Châtillon  France  March 4  2026  DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming March Investor Conferences  DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN:...,Châtillon  France  March 4  2026DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming March Investor ConferencesDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced the company will participate at the following investor conferences in March:Citizens Life Sciences Conference – March 10  2026Format: Fireside ChatTime: 1:40pm ETLeerink Partners Global Healthcare Conference – March 11  2026Format: 1 on 1 MeetingsSign up to watch the live webcast of the Citizens JMP presentation here. A replay will also be available on the Events section of the Company's website 90 days after the event.About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company developing treatment options for food allergies and other immunologic conditions with significant unmet medical need. DBV Technologies is currently focused on investigating the use of its proprietary VIASKIN® patch technology to address food allergies  which are caused by a hypersensitive immune reaction and characterized by a range of symptoms varying in severity from mild to life-threatening anaphylaxis. Millions of people live with food allergies  including young children. Through epicutaneous immunotherapy (EPIT)  the VIASKIN® patch is designed to introduce microgram amounts of a biologically active compound to the immune system through intact skin. EPIT is a new class of non-invasive treatment that seeks to modify an individual’s underlying allergy by re-educating the immune system to become desensitized to allergen by leveraging the skin’s immune tolerizing properties. DBV Technologies is committed to transforming the care of food allergic people. The Company’s food allergy programs include ongoing clinical trials of VIASKIN Peanut in peanut allergic toddlers (1 through 3 years of age) and children (4 through 7 years of age).DBV Technologies is headquartered in Châtillon  France  with North American operations in Warren  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing five ordinary shares) are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market (DBVT – CUSIP: 23306J309).For more information  please visit www.dbv-technologies.com and engage with us on X (formerly Twitter) and LinkedIn.VIASKIN is a registered trademark of DBV Technologies.Investor ContactJonathan NeelyDBV TechnologiesJonathan.neely@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactBrett WhelanDBV TechnologiesBrett.whelan@dbv-technologies.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.42,0.57,True,English,"['Upcoming March Investor Conferences', 'DBV Technologies', 'Leerink Partners Global Healthcare Conference', 'Citizens Life Sciences Conference', 'significant unmet medical need', 'proprietary VIASKIN® patch technology', 'Upcoming March Investor Conferences', 'Citizens JMP presentation', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'Fireside Chat Time', 'other immunologic conditions', 'ongoing clinical trials', 'North American operations', 'Nasdaq Capital Market', 'hypersensitive immune reaction', 'immune tolerizing properties', 'peanut allergic toddlers', 'five ordinary shares', 'food allergy programs', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'food allergic people', 'VIASKIN Peanut', 'Investor Contact', 'immune system', 'underlying allergy', 'food allergies', 'Châtillon', 'live webcast', 'Events section', 'treatment options', 'mild to', 'life-threatening anaphylaxis', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'microgram amounts', 'active compound', 'new class', 'non-invasive treatment', 'segment B', 'registered trademark', 'Media Contact', 'DBV Technologies', 'young children', 'intact skin', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'Jonathan Neely', 'Brett Whelan', 'The Company', 'France', 'DBVT', 'Format', '1:40pm', 'Meetings', 'replay', 'website', 'use', 'range', 'symptoms', 'severity', 'Millions', 'EPIT', 'individual', 'allergen', '3 years', '7 years', 'Warren', 'NJ.', 'ADSs', 'CUSIP', 'dbv-technologies', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Attachment']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,globenewswire.com
55257,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/03/04/3249566/0/en/STG-A-S-Annual-Report-2025.html,STG A/S – Annual Report 2025,Company Announcement – Euronext DublinNo. 01/2026  Copenhagen  4 March 2026  STG A/S – Annual Report 2025  On 4 March 2026  Scandinavian Tobacco Group A/S...,Company Announcement – Euronext DublinNo. 01/2026Copenhagen  4 March 2026STG A/S – Annual Report 2025On 4 March 2026  Scandinavian Tobacco Group A/S published its Annual Report 2025 and its consolidated interim report for 1 January – 31 December 2025.The Annual Report and company announcement of Scandinavian Tobacco Group A/S relating to the published reports are available at: https://www.st-group.com/investor/.For further information  please contact:Torben Sand  Director of IR & Communication  phone +45 5084 7222  torben.sand@st-group.com.Eliza Dabbagh  IR & Communications  phone +45 5080 7619  eliza.michael@st-group.com.Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['STG A/S', 'Annual Report', 'Scandinavian Tobacco Group A/S', 'The Annual Report', 'STG A/S', 'interim report', 'Company Announcement', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Eliza Dabbagh', 'Torben Sand', 'No.', 'Copenhagen', '4 March', '1 January', '31 December', 'reports', 'investor', 'information', 'Director', 'Communication', 'phone', 'michael', 'Attachments']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,globenewswire.com
55258,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/03/04/3249644/0/en/Voltalia-s-consensus-as-of-March-4-2026.html,Voltalia’s consensus as of March 4  2026,Voltalia’s consensus as of March 4  2026  Voltalia (Euronext Paris  code ISIN: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  publishes the...,Voltalia’s consensus as of March 4  2026Voltalia (Euronext Paris  code ISIN: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  publishes the equity analysts’ consensus  as of March 4  2026.in millions of euros 20251(average) 20262(average) 2026(maximum) 2026(minimum) 2026(median) Turnover 570 620 636 594 625 EBITDA 205 239 253 221 243 of which Energy Sales 194 235 267 215 224 of which Services and Corporate costs 11 11 19 -3 17 Depreciations  amort.  prov. and others -151 -137 -124 -145 -139 Non-recurring costs -66 12 35 0 0 EBIT -2 111 132 97 109 Financial result -89 -97 -82 -110 -98 Taxes -18 -12 0 -26 -11 Net income -112 3 32 -20 -2 Minority Interests 0 1 5 -1 0 Net income (group share) -112 4 32 -20 4 Capex 529 362 400 300 385 Free Cash-Flow -382 -158 -111 -207 -156 Gross debt 2 481 - - - - Cash and equivalents 199 - - - - Net debt 2 375 2 485 2 592 2 399 2 471 Capacity in operation and in construction (in MW) 3 683 3 921 4 140 3 702 3 921 ow in operation (in MW) 3 053 3 426 3 691 3 161 3 426 ow in construction (in MW) 600 496 542 450 496Precisions regarding the consensus:Regarding the 2025 financial results  equity analysts' estimates take into account the ongoing business review following the launch of the SPRING transformation plan and its associated costs (pipeline clearance  the impacts of the geographical and technological refocusing and the strengthening of the focus on Voltalia’s core activities)Regarding the 2026 financial results  Equity analysts' estimates take into account the following assumptions: a more conservative EUR/BRL exchange rate (note that the closing exchange rate as of December 31  2025 was 6.43) a level of curtailment that could have a potential impact between 25 million to 35 million euros on EBITDA the gradual commissioning to reach full capacity by 2026 of plants that began production at the end of 2025: Sarimay Solar (126 MW)  Bolobedu (148 MW)Analysts' forecasts will be updated following the publication of the 2025 annual results  scheduled for March 12  2026.Note: The consensus is established by Voltalia based on the estimates of equity analysts covering the company as of March 4  2026. These estimates reflect the opinions of analysts only and do not constitute a forecast or projection by Voltalia or its management. By publishing this consensus  Voltalia does not validate or adhere to the information  conclusions or recommendations derived from it.Next on the agenda: 2025 full year results  March 12  2026 (before market opening)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in renewable energies. The Group produces and sells electricity from its wind  solar  hydro  biomass and storage facilities. It has 3.6 GW of capacity in operation and under construction  and a portfolio of projects under development with a total capacity of 17.4 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider  supporting its renewable energy customers at every stage of their projects  from design to operation and maintenance.A pioneer in the business market  Voltalia offers a comprehensive range of services to businesses  from the supply of green electricity to energy efficiency services and the local production of its own electricity.With more than 1 900 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally on behalf of its customers.Voltalia is listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (FR0011995588 - VLTSA) and is included in the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid&Small indices. The company is also included  amongst others  in the MSCI ESG ratings and the Sustainalytics ratings. VoltaliaEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 Press Relations Seitosei.Actifin - Jennifer Julliajennifer.jullia@seitosei-actifin.comT. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191 2025 consensus based on seven equity analysts’ contributions.2 2026 consensus based on five equity analysts’ contributions.Attachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.0,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['Voltalia', 'consensus', 'March', 'CAC Mid&Small indices', 'conservative EUR/BRL exchange rate', '25 million to 35 million euros', 'seven equity analysts’ contributions', 'five equity analysts’ contributions', 'closing exchange rate', 'SPRING transformation plan', 'ongoing business review', 'MSCI ESG ratings', 'Press Relations Seitosei', 'Euronext regulated market', '2025 full year results', ""equity analysts' estimates"", 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy customers', 'business market', 'Energy Sales', ""Analysts' forecasts"", 'Sustainalytics ratings', 'renewable energies', 'market opening', '2025 financial results', '2026 financial results', '2025 annual results', 'Euronext Paris', 'international player', 'Corporate costs', 'Non-recurring costs', 'Net income', 'Minority Interests', 'group share', 'Free Cash-Flow', 'Gross debt', 'Net debt', 'associated costs', 'pipeline clearance', 'technological refocusing', 'core activities', 'following assumptions', 'potential impact', 'gradual commissioning', 'Sarimay Solar', 'The Group', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'comprehensive range', 'Enternext Tech', 'full capacity', 'analysts’ consensus', 'local production', 'total capacity', 'green electricity', 'Jennifer Jullia', '1 2025 consensus', '2 2026 consensus', 'Voltalia', 'March', 'code', 'ISIN', 'millions', 'average', 'minimum', 'Turnover', '625 EBITDA', 'Depreciations', 'amort.', 'prov.', 'others', 'Taxes', 'Capex', 'equivalents', 'operation', 'construction', 'MW', '426 ow', 'Precisions', 'account', 'launch', 'impacts', 'geographical', 'strengthening', 'December', 'level', 'curtailment', 'plants', 'end', 'Bolobedu', 'publication', 'Note', 'company', 'opinions', 'projection', 'management', 'information', 'conclusions', 'before', 'hydro', 'biomass', '3.6 GW', 'portfolio', 'projects', 'development', '17.4 GW', 'stage', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'businesses', 'supply', '1,900 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'VLTSA', 'Email', 'Actifin', 'Attachment', '98']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,globenewswire.com
55259,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/03/04/3249575/0/en/Touax-share-capital-and-voting-rights-at-28022026.html,Touax: share capital and voting rights at 28022026,REGULATED INFORMATION                Paris  4 March 2026 5:45 PM  YOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION  Disclosure of Share...,REGULATED INFORMATION Paris  4 March 2026 5:45 PMYOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATIONDisclosure of Share Capital and Voting RightsDisclosure of Share Capital and Voting Rights pursuant to Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.Register name of the issuer: TOUAX SCA (Euronext Growth Paris: ALTOU)Date Total shares outstanding Total voting rights Total exercisable voting rights* February 28  2026 7 011 547 8 256 224 8 222 894* excluding rights attached to shares held in treasury****************TOUAX Group leases out tangible assets (freight railcars  river barges and containers) on a daily basis throughout the world  for its own account and on behalf of third party investors. With €1.3 billion under management  TOUAX is one of the European leaders in the operational leasing of this type of equipment.TOUAX SCA is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code FR0000033003  ticker ALTOU) and on the Euronext Growth All-Share Index GR  Euronext Growth All-Share Index NR and Euronext Growth All-Share Index.For more information: www.touax.comContacts:TOUAX SEITOSEI ● ACTIFINFabrice & Raphaël WALEWSKI Ghislaine GASPARETTOManaging Partners ghislaine.gasparetto@seitosei-actifin.comtouax@touax.comwww.touax.com Tel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 11Tel: +33 (0)1 46 96 18 00Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['share capital', 'voting rights', 'Touax', 'Euronext Growth All-Share Index GR', 'Total exercisable voting rights', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'third party investors', 'French Commercial Code', 'Raphaël WALEWSKI', 'Managing Partners ghislaine', 'Total voting rights', 'Date Total shares', 'OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION', 'Marchés Financiers', 'ISIN code', 'SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION', 'Share Capital', 'Article L.', 'General Regulations', 'Autorité des', 'Register name', 'tangible assets', 'freight railcars', 'river barges', 'daily basis', 'European leaders', 'ACTIFIN Fabrice', 'Ghislaine GASPARETTO', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'TOUAX SCA', 'TOUAX Group', 'TOUAX SEITOSEI', '4 March', 'Disclosure', 'issuer', 'ALTOU', 'February', 'treasury', 'containers', 'world', 'account', 'behalf', 'management', 'type', 'equipment', 'ticker', 'NR', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '45', '33', '1 56']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,globenewswire.com
55260,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/03/04/3249070/0/en/Response-to-attacks-against-Carbios-and-its-executives.html,Response to attacks against Carbios and its executives,Clermont-Ferrand (France)  March 4  2026 (8:45 a.m. CET). Carbios (Euronext Growth Paris : ALCRB) denounces the destabilization operation to which it has been subjected for several months and formally contests all allegations made against the Company and its …,Clermont-Ferrand (France)  March 4  2026 (8:45 a.m. CET). Carbios (Euronext Growth Paris : ALCRB) denounces the destabilization operation to which it has been subjected for several months and formally contests all allegations made against the Company and its executives in proceedings initiated by its former executive.In response to the attempts by this former executive to instrumentalize the justice system  a criminal complaint for false accusation has been filed by Carbios with the Public Prosecutor at the Lyon Judicial Court.The executive management of Carbios and all members of the Board of Directors deplore the repeated attacks by this former executive who  for personal reasons related to the circumstances of his departure  has been multiplying threats and attempts at intimidation with the sole intention of harming the Company and its officers.The Board of Directors unanimously reaffirms its full and unequivocal support for the Company’s Executive Management and confirms its complete trust in the management team to continue the implementation of the strategy undertaken.###About Carbios:Carbios is a biotechnology company that develops and industrializes biological solutions to reinvent the lifecycle of plastics and textiles. Inspired by nature  Carbios designs enzyme-based biological processes to break down plastics  with the mission of preventing plastic and textile pollution and accelerating the transition to a circular economy. Its two innovative technologies—dedicated to PET biorecycling and PLA biodegradation—are currently scaling up to industrial and commercial levels. Carbios is supported by prestigious brands in the cosmetics  food  and apparel industries  aiming to improve the recyclability and circularity of their products. Nestlé Waters  PepsiCo  and Suntory Beverage & Food Europe are members of a packaging consortium founded by Carbios and L’Oréal. On  Patagonia  PUMA  PVH Corp.  and Salomon collaborate with Carbios in a textile consortium. Carbios is part of the global community of B Corp™ certified companies that are transforming their business models to serve the common good.Visit www.carbios.com to learn more about biotechnology for circular plastics and textiles.LinkedIn : carbios / Instagram : carbiosInformation on CARBIOS shares:ISIN Code FR0011648716Ticker Code Euronext Growth: ALCRBLEI 969500M2RCIWO4NO5F08Carbios is eligible for the PEA-PME  a government program allowing French residents investing in SMEs to benefit from income tax rebates.Disclaimer on forward-looking statements and risk factors:This press release contains forward-looking statements  not historical data  and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data stated will occur. These forward-looking statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by Carbios. Carbios operates in a competitive and rapidly evolving environment. It is therefore not in a position to anticipate all risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of a risk or combination of risks could lead to results that differ significantly from those mentioned in any forward-looking statement. Carbios draws your attention to the fact that forward-looking statements are in no way a guarantee of its future performance and that its actual financial position  results  cash flows  its partnerships and corporate agreements  and the development of the sector in which Carbios operates may differ significantly from those proposed or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this document. In addition  even if Carbios’ financial position  results  cash flows  its partnerships and corporate agreements  and developments in the industry in which it operates are consistent with the forward-looking information contained in this document  such results or developments may not be a reliable indication of Carbios’ future results or developments. Readers are also advised to carefully consider the risk factors described in the Universal registration document filed with the French Market Authority (“AMF”)  as well as in the half-year financial report available free of charge on the Company’s website. Should all or any part of these risk factors occur or others  in no case whatsoever will Carbios be liable to anyone for any decision made or action taken in conjunction with the information and/or statements in this press release or for any related damages. This information is given only as of the date of this press release. Carbios makes no commitment to publish updates to this information or on the assumptions on which it is based  except in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligation applicable to it.For additional information  please contact:CarbiosAgnès MathéCommunicationagnes.mathe@carbios.com+33 (0)6 72 46 10 27 CarbiosBenjamin AudebertRelations Investisseurscontact@carbios.com+33 (0)4 73 86 51 76 Maarc – Press RelationsBruno Arabianbruno.arabian@maarc.fr+33 (0)6 87 88 47 26Simon DulucqSimon.dulucq@maarc.fr+33 (0) 6 10 98 55 64Attachment,negative,0.0,0.35,0.64,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Response', 'attacks', 'Carbios', 'executives', 'Agnès Mathé Communication agnes', 'B Corp™ certified companies', 'Benjamin Audebert Relations Investisseurs', 'Lyon Judicial Court', 'two innovative technologies', 'L’Oréal', 'income tax rebates', 'half-year financial report', 'enzyme-based biological processes', 'French Market Authority', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Bruno Arabian bruno', 'Universal registration document', 'actual financial position', 'Carbios’ future results', 'PVH Corp.', 'Press Relations', 'biological solutions', 'French residents', 'future performance', 'destabilization operation', 'several months', 'former executive', 'justice system', 'criminal complaint', 'false accusation', 'Public Prosecutor', 'executive management', 'personal reasons', 'sole intention', 'unequivocal support', 'complete trust', 'management team', 'textile pollution', 'circular economy', 'PET biorecycling', 'PLA biodegradation', 'commercial levels', 'prestigious brands', 'apparel industries', 'Nestlé Waters', 'Suntory Beverage', 'packaging consortium', 'textile consortium', 'global community', 'common good', 'ISIN Code', 'Ticker Code', 'LEI 969500M2RCIWO4NO5F08', 'government program', 'press release', 'evolving environment', 'other factors', 'potential impact', 'forward-looking statement', 'cash flows', 'corporate agreements', 'reliable indication', 'related damages', 'regulatory obligation', 'looking statements', 'risk factors', 'The Board', 'Food Europe', 'business models', 'circular plastics', 'historical data', 'forward-looking information', 'additional information', 'CARBIOS shares', 'biotechnology company', 'Clermont-Ferrand', 'France', 'March', 'ALCRB', 'allegations', 'executives', 'proceedings', 'response', 'attempts', 'members', 'Directors', 'attacks', 'circumstances', 'departure', 'threats', 'intimidation', 'officers', 'full', 'implementation', 'strategy', 'lifecycle', 'textiles', 'nature', 'mission', 'transition', 'industrial', 'cosmetics', 'recyclability', 'circularity', 'products', 'PepsiCo', 'Patagonia', 'PUMA', 'Salomon', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'PEA-PME', 'SMEs', 'Disclaimer', 'guarantee', 'facts', 'assumptions', 'estimates', 'competitive', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'extent', 'materialization', 'combination', 'attention', 'way', 'partnerships', 'development', 'sector', 'industry', 'Readers', 'AMF', 'charge', 'website', 'others', 'case', 'decision', 'action', 'conjunction', 'date', 'commitment', 'accordance', 'legal', 'Maarc', '45']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,globenewswire.com
55261,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/03/04/3249046/0/en/Cabka-Activates-Incident-Response-Following-Cybersecurity-Event.html,Cabka Activates Incident Response Following Cybersecurity Event,Amsterdam 4 March 2026. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries “Cabka”  or the “Company”)  specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging (RTP)  listed at Euronext Amsterdam  announces that it has id…,Amsterdam 4 March 2026. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries “Cabka”  or the “Company”)  specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging (RTP)  listed at Euronext Amsterdam  announces that it has identified a cybersecurity incident affecting certain IT systems.The incident was detected over the weekend. The Company has immediately activated its incident response protocol  isolated affected systems  and engaged external cybersecurity specialists to conduct a forensic investigation.At this stage  the investigation is ongoing and the full scope and impact of the incident has not yet been determined.The Company is assessing whether any personal or commercially sensitive data has been accessed or exfiltrated. Relevant authorities have been notified in accordance with applicable regulations.Cabka takes this event seriously and is working closely with its suppliers and customers.The Company will provide a further update as soon as material information becomes available. In the meantime  Cabka is continuing to operate normally.For more information  please contact:investor-affairs@cabka.comhttps://investors.cabka.com/Commercial contact:info@cabka.comwww.cabka.comAbout CabkaCabka is in the business of recycling plastics from post-consumer and post-industrial waste into innovative reusable transport packaging (RTP)  like pallets- and large container solutions enhancing logistics chain sustainability. ECO product are mainly construction and road safety products produced exclusively out of post-consumer waste.Cabka is leading the industry in its integrated approach closing the loop from waste  to recycling  to manufacturing. Backed by its own innovation center it has the rare industry knowledge  capability  and capacity of making maximum use bringing recycled plastics back in the production loop at attractive returns. Cabka is fully equipped to exploit the full value chain from waste to end-products.Cabka is listed at Euronext Amsterdam as of 1 March 2022 under the CABKA ticker with international securities identification number NL00150000S7.DisclaimerAll results in the press release are based on regular operations excluding extraordinary items  unless mentioned otherwise. The qualification extraordinary item is a management accounting term to indicate this is not part of regular operations. The financial statements in the appendix are based on IFRS and do not distinguish between operational or extraordinary items. See appendix I. for definitions of operational items by management.The content of this press release may include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ‘’forward-looking statements’’. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ‘’believes’’  ‘’estimates’’  ‘’plans’’  ‘’projects’’  ‘’anticipates’’  ‘’expects’’  ‘’intends’’  ‘’may’’  ‘’will’’ or ‘’should’’ or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company’s business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth  or strategies.Readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.This document contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on market abuse.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Incident Response', 'Cybersecurity Event', 'Cabka', 'innovative Reusable Transport Packaging', 'international securities identification number', 'commercially sensitive data', 'large container solutions', 'logistics chain sustainability', 'road safety products', 'external cybersecurity specialists', 'full value chain', 'qualification extraordinary item', 'rare industry knowledge', 'management accounting term', 'incident response protocol', 'Cabka N.V.', 'full scope', 'extraordinary items', 'cybersecurity incident', 'Relevant authorities', 'applicable regulations', 'Commercial contact', 'ECO product', 'integrated approach', 'innovation center', 'attractive returns', 'press release', 'forward-looking terminology', 'other variations', 'comparable terminology', 'future events', 'current view', 'financial position', 'future performance', 'undue reliance', 'EU) No', 'market abuse', 'financial statements', 'looking statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'regular operations', 'plastic waste', 'post-industrial waste', 'The Company', 'IT systems', 'forensic investigation', 'maximum use', 'recycled plastics', 'production loop', 'appendix I.', 'operational items', 'other risks', 'material information', 'inside information', 'actual results', 'CABKA ticker', 'post-consumer waste', 'subsidiaries', 'RTP', 'weekend', 'stage', 'impact', 'personal', 'accordance', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'update', 'meantime', 'investor', 'affairs', 'business', 'construction', 'recycling', 'manufacturing', 'capability', 'capacity', 'end-products', '1 March', 'Disclaimer', 'part', 'IFRS', 'definitions', 'content', 'terms', 'plans', 'projects', 'case', 'negative', 'discussions', 'strategy', 'objectives', 'goals', 'intentions', 'respect', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'Readers', 'guarantees', 'publication', 'obligation', 'law', 'document', 'meaning', 'Article']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,globenewswire.com
55262,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/03/04/3249751/0/en/Monthly-information-on-share-capital-and-company-voting-rights.html,Monthly information on share capital and company voting rights,(Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority) (Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority),PARIS  March 04  2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Listing market: Euronext GrowthISIN code: FR0010425595Date Total number of sharesin the capital Total number of votingrights 02/28/2026 100 590 994 105 825 561For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contacts:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  + 33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comPatricia Sosa Navarro  Chief of Staff to the CEO  +33 (0)7 76 77 46 93Investor Relations contact:Arthur Stril  Chief Financial Officer & Chief Business Officer  investors@cellectis.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['company voting rights', 'Monthly information', 'share capital', 'Patricia Sosa Navarro', 'Investor Relations contact', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Chief Business Officer', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Listing market', 'Euronext Growth', 'ISIN code', 'Total number', 'voting rights', 'Media contacts', 'Pascalyne Wilson', 'Arthur Stril', 'PARIS', 'March', 'Date', 'shares', 'capital', 'information', 'Cellectis', 'Director', 'Communications', 'Staff', 'CEO', 'Attachment', '33', '7']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,globenewswire.com
55263,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/03/04/3249053/0/en/IMCD-releases-2025-Annual-Report.html,IMCD releases 2025 Annual Report,"Rotterdam  the Netherlands (4 March 2026) – IMCD N.V. (""IMCD"" or ""Company"")  a global leading partner for the distribution and formulation of speciality chemicals and ingredients  today releases its 2025 Annual Report. The report offers the Company’s stakehol…","Rotterdam  the Netherlands (4 March 2026) – IMCD N.V. (""IMCD"" or ""Company"")  a global leading partner for the distribution and formulation of speciality chemicals and ingredients  today releases its 2025 Annual Report. The report offers the Company’s stakeholders a comprehensive view of IMCD’s performance in 2025.The full annual report is available in the investor relations page of the Company’s website.Financial calendar:4 March 2026 Annual report 202530 April 2026 First three months 2026 results30 April 2026 Annual General Meeting5 May 2026 Ex-dividend date6 May 2026 Dividend record date8 May 2026 Dividend payment date29 July 2026 First half year 2026 results5 November 2026 First nine months 2026 resultsAbout IMCDIMCD  based in Rotterdam  The Netherlands  is a leading global partner for the distribution and formulation of speciality chemicals and ingredients. IMCD is an expert solutions provider and adds sustainable value to the supply chain. Every day professionals focus on providing the best service through commercial and operational excellence. The company is mindful of the role they play in creating a better planet for all and formulates with consciousness and executes with care  to address business challenges of tomorrow  in partnership and transparency.In 2025  with over 5 200 employees  IMCD realised revenues of EUR 4 779 million. IMCD N.V.’s shares are traded at Euronext Amsterdam (symbol: IMCD) and included in the Dutch ESG AEX index  as one of 25 companies within the AEX and AMX indices demonstrating best ESG practices.For further information  please visit www.imcdgroup.comMedia contactMuriel WerléCorporate Communications Director+31 10 290 86 14mediarelations@imcdgroup.comInvestor relations contactTosca HoltlandHead of Investor Relations+31 10 290 86 53ir@imcdgroup.comAssetsThis press release (PDF) format and high-resolution images are available hereAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['2025 Annual Report', 'IMCD', 'First three months 2026 results', 'First half year 2026 results', 'First nine months 2026 results', 'Dutch ESG AEX index', '30 April 2026 Annual General Meeting', 'global leading partner', 'leading global partner', 'expert solutions provider', 'best ESG practices', 'Corporate Communications Director', 'Dividend record date', 'Dividend payment date', 'investor relations page', 'full annual report', '4 March 2026 Annual report', 'Investor relations contact', 'IMCD N.V.', '2025 Annual Report', 'Ex-dividend date', 'best service', 'Media contact', 'speciality chemicals', 'comprehensive view', 'Financial calendar', 'sustainable value', 'supply chain', 'operational excellence', 'business challenges', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'AMX indices', 'Muriel Werlé', 'Tosca Holtland', 'press release', 'PDF) format', 'high-resolution images', 'The Netherlands', 'Rotterdam', 'Company', 'distribution', 'formulation', 'ingredients', 'stakeholders', 'performance', 'website', '5 May 2026', 'July', '5 November', 'professionals', 'commercial', 'role', 'planet', 'consciousness', 'care', 'tomorrow', 'partnership', 'transparency', '5,200 employees', 'revenues', 'shares', 'symbol', '25 companies', 'information', 'imcdgroup', 'mediarelations', 'Head', 'Assets', 'Attachment']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,globenewswire.com
55264,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/03/04/3249632/0/en/Press-Release-Filing-of-an-amendment-to-the-French-Document-d-Enregistrement-Universel-containing-the-Annual-Financial-Report.html,Press Release: Filing of an amendment to the French “Document d’Enregistrement Universel” containing the Annual Financial Report,Filing of an amendment to the French “Document d’Enregistrement Universel” containing the Annual Financial Report  Paris  March 4  2026. Sanofi announces...,Filing of an amendment to the French “Document d’Enregistrement Universel” containing the Annual Financial ReportParis  March 4  2026. Sanofi announces today the filing of an amendment to its “Document d’Enregistrement Universel” containing its Annual Financial Report with the French market regulator Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF).This amendment notably includes additions to the report on corporate governance established in accordance with French law.This document is available on the company’s website:https://www.sanofi.com/en/investors/reports-and-publications/financial-reports-and-regulated-information and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org).About SanofiSanofi is an R&D driven  AI-powered biopharma company committed to improving people’s lives and creating compelling growth. We apply our deep understanding of the immune system to invent medicines and vaccines that treat and protect millions of people around the world  with an innovative pipeline that could benefit millions more. Our team is guided by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives; this inspires us to drive progress and deliver positive impact for our people and the communities we serve  by addressing the most urgent healthcare  environmental  and societal challenges of our time.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comLéo Le Bourhis | + 33 6 75 06 43 81 | leo.lebourhis@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen |+ 44 7545 513 693 | thomas.larsen@sanofi.comAlizé Kaisserian | + 33 6 47 04 12 11 | alize.kaisserian@sanofi.comKeita Browne | + 1 781 249 1766 | keita.browne@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comNina Goworek | +1 908 569 7086 | nina.goworek@sanofi.comThibaud Châtelet | + 33 6 80 80 89 90 | thibaud.chatelet@sanofi.comYun Li | +33 6 84 00 90 72 | yun.li3@sanofi.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Annual Financial Report', 'Press Release', 'French “Document', 'Enregistrement Universel', 'Filing', 'amendment', 'R&D driven, AI-powered biopharma company', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Léo Le Bourhis', 'SNY Media Relations', 'Annual Financial Report', 'French market regulator', 'Thibaud Châtelet', 'Thomas Kudsk Larsen', 'Investor Relations', 'French law', 'Enregistrement Universel', 'corporate governance', 'compelling growth', 'deep understanding', 'immune system', 'innovative pipeline', 'one purpose', 'positive impact', 'societal challenges', 'French “Document', 'Alizé Kaisserian', 'Yun Li', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Keita Browne', 'Nathalie Pham', 'Nina Goworek', 'Filing', 'amendment', 'Paris', 'Sanofi', 'AMF', 'additions', 'accordance', 'website', 'investors', 'reports', 'publications', 'regulated', 'information', 'org', 'people', 'lives', 'medicines', 'vaccines', 'millions', 'world', 'team', 'miracles', 'science', 'progress', 'communities', 'time', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ', 'leo', 'lebourhis', 'alize', 'chatelet', 'Attachment']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,globenewswire.com
55265,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.elastic.co/blog/siem-orange-france-partnership,Why Orange France is using Elastic for SIEM,When Orange France replaced its SIEM  it wasn’t just selecting a new tool — it was choosing a long-term partner. The decision followed rigorous evaluation  candid internal debate  and careful alignment with technical and strategic priorities.,"Why Orange France is using Elastic for SIEMAn evaluation and partnership journeyMarch 4  2026Share on TwitterShare on LinkedIn Share on LinkedInShare on FacebookShare by Email Share by EmailPrint this page PrintSummary Orange France replaced its legacy SIEM with Elastic to secure a long-term  strategic technology partner aligned to evolving security and business needs.The evaluation included 500+ functional   security   and compliance requirements   followed by a rigorous Proof of Concept (POC) .Elastic differentiated on flexible deployment (on-prem and hybrid)  usability   transparent AI roadmap   and native SOAR integration .Strong technical support and an active internal Elastic user community reinforced strategic alignment and long-term adoption.When Orange France decided to replace its existing security information and event management (SIEM) solution for its internal needs  it wasn't simply a question of choosing a new tool but of finding a partner for the future. Antoine Le Calvez  an Orange project manager  and Marie Sigier  an engineering manager at SOC Orange France  tell us that the process was marked by rigorous evaluation  frank internal debate  and close attention to technical and strategic needs.Why change? The driving forces behind a call for tenders The decision to launch a new call for tenders was not taken lightly. “What triggers a call for tenders is the end of an existing contract  especially after acquisitions and changes in strategy ” explains Le Calvez. Sigier adds that “the players were evolving  including our own strategies  which allowed us to consider alternative solutions that were better suited to Orange France's business.""The main challenges and motivations Seeking innovation and evolution: In a constantly evolving market  Orange France wanted to find a solution capable of keeping pace in both functionality and deployment flexibility.Strategic and market considerations: Changes in the market and supplier strategies like a transition to all-SaaS were not aligned with Orange France's needs  particularly in on-prem deployment.Technical and operational requirements: There was a need for a resilient  flexible  and scalable platform that was deployable on site  including in isolated environments.Supplier relationship: Orange France needed a transparent  responsive  and supportive partnership.Alignment with the group's strategy: Orange France wanted to ensure alignment by pooling solutions and leveraging its internal community of users and expertise.A rigorous and transparent selection process The Orange team created an exhaustive requirements matrix  covering functional  non-functional  contractual  security  financial  and even environmental (CSR) criteria. ""We consolidated all this in a file with at least 500 requirements "" recalls Le Calvez. Each supplier was evaluated not only on its ability to meet these needs but also on its performance relative to competitors with specific weightings. The process was collaborative and transparent. “What we validated was an entry in the group's catalog to allow other entities to benefit from this project for their internal needs  so a company-wide choice ” explains Sigier.Technical and operational criteria: From specifications to POC The requirements were clear: resilience  flexibility  scalability  and the ability to deploy on-prem even in an isolated environment. “We really felt that the product was independent of the underlying layer ” notes Le Calvez  highlighting Elastic's support for virtual machines (VMs) and Kubernetes deployments. The team also considered operational impact  such as virtualization  carbon footprint  and storage optimization. The proof of concept (POC) phase was demanding and practical. The Orange team appreciated Elastic's openness to feedback and its ability to address the points raised.On the few topics where we identified areas for improvement  Elastic was able to demonstrate that it was in the roadmap and in development. Antoine Le Calvez  Project Manager at OrangeElastic's distinctive advantages Several factors allowed Elastic to stand out during the POC: Ease of use and flexibility: Elastic Security combines SIEM  endpoint  and cloud security into a single  intuitive interface  reducing tool sprawl while supporting on-prem  cloud  hybrid  and isolated environments. Its open architecture ingests data from any source with automatic import for customized telemetry.Rich and dynamic roadmap: Elastic is known for its continuous innovation with advanced capabilities  such as AI detection (retrieval augmented generation) and automation. ""We have seen in the roadmap that Elastic is constantly evolving "" explains Sigier.Transparency: Elastic is all about transparency from open detection rules to AI-augmented workflows and easier data anonymization.User experience and advanced features: With intuitive dashboards  flexible detection logic  API-first approach  federated search  timelines  case management  and graphical visualizations  the platform opened new possibilities. ""The team felt free to imagine any type of detection use case "" adds Sigier.Integration and ecosystem: Integrations  especially with SOAR  are straightforward. “I was surprised how easy it was to send alerts to SOAR using the Elastic connector ” says Le Calvez. Elastic Security integrates perfectly with existing stacks  thereby meeting Orange's needs.The human factor: Support and community The quality of support and partnership was a major asset  especially with Elastic technical resources available throughout the POC. The internal community of Elastic users at Orange is also a strategic asset. ""There is enthusiasm; many professionals are fans of Elastic "" notes Sigier. This community combined with the ability to partition spaces for different entities has strengthened the alignment with the group's strategy.Better together In the end  the decision was based on trust  reputation  technical excellence  and strategic alignment. ""We chose Elastic  which distinguished itself in many areas. Our teams are very demanding on the quality of detection and the relevance for our cyber activity "" concludes Sigier. Selecting Elastic as the primary SIEM for Orange’s internal needs reflects the strength of the partnership  transparency  and sustained technical and human commitment. As the deployment phase begins  both teams look forward to building together on this solid foundation.About OrangeAbout Orange Orange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators. The Group aims to be the trusted partner for everyday digital life by providing individuals  businesses and communities with reliable connectivity and innovative services. As of the end of 2025  Orange connects 340 million customers (including MasOrange) across 26 countries and generated 40.4 billion euros in revenues. As a trusted player  Orange leverages the excellence of its very high-speed broadband networks to deploy digital infrastructure in Europe  Africa and the Middle East. The Group is a European leader in fiber  with 100 million connectable households  and convergent offers. In France  Orange connects 34 million customers and was ranked No. 1 by the regulator Arcep for the quality of its mobile network for the 15th consecutive year. In Africa and the Middle East  the Group’s growth engine  Orange serves nearly 180 million customers and promotes digital and financial inclusion through its connected solutions. Under the Orange Business brand  the Group supports companies in transforming their networks as well as in AI  trusted cloud and cybersecurity. Orange is also a major player in the wholesale market  where it has a leading global telecom infrastructure and significant capabilities for deploying and operating submarine cables. A committed innovator  Orange relies on 700 researchers and holds a portfolio of 11 000 patents. Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA). More information: www.orange.com. Orange and any other Orange product or service names mentioned in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.The release and timing of any features or functionality described in this post remain at Elastic's sole discretion. Any features or functionality not currently available may not be delivered on time or at all.",neutral,0.0,0.97,0.02,positive,0.64,0.35,0.0,True,English,"['Orange France', 'Elastic', 'SIEM', 'active internal Elastic user community', 'native SOAR integration', 'retrieval augmented generation', 'environmental (CSR) criteria', 'single, intuitive interface', 'open detection rules', 'flexible detection logic', 'easier data anonymization', 'Antoine Le Calvez', 'exhaustive requirements matrix', 'transparent selection process', 'Summary Orange France', 'SOC Orange France', 'long-term, strategic technology', 'The Orange team', 'existing security information', 'transparent AI roadmap', 'Orange project manager', 'Strong technical support', 'internal community', 'User experience', 'AI detection', 'internal debate', 'flexible deployment', 'long-term adoption', 'existing contract', 'operational criteria', 'open architecture', 'intuitive dashboards', 'engineering manager', 'internal needs', 'partnership journey', 'event management', 'new tool', 'close attention', 'driving forces', 'main challenges', 'isolated environments', 'supportive partnership', 'specific weightings', 'other entities', 'company-wide choice', 'underlying layer', 'virtual machines', 'Kubernetes deployments', 'operational impact', 'carbon footprint', 'storage optimization', 'distinctive advantages', 'Several factors', 'tool sprawl', 'automatic import', 'advanced capabilities', 'AI-augmented workflows', 'advanced features', 'API-first approach', 'federated search', 'case management', 'graphical visualizations', 'new possibilities', 'compliance requirements', 'operational requirements', 'dynamic roadmap', 'strategic needs', 'market considerations', 'Supplier relationship', 'alternative solutions', 'scalable platform', 'continuous innovation', 'strategic alignment', 'new call', 'deployment flexibility', 'POC) phase', 'cloud security', 'legacy SIEM', 'Marie Sigier', 'prem deployment', 'Elastic Security', 'business needs', 'rigorous Proof', 'evolving market', 'supplier strategies', 'LinkedIn Share', 'rigorous evaluation', '500 requirements', 'March', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'Email', 'page', 'Concept', 'hybrid', 'usability', 'question', 'future', 'tenders', 'decision', 'acquisitions', 'changes', 'strategy', 'players', 'motivations', 'evolution', 'pace', 'functionality', 'transition', 'SaaS', 'site', 'group', 'users', 'expertise', 'financial', 'file', 'performance', 'competitors', 'entry', 'catalog', 'specifications', 'resilience', 'scalability', 'product', 'VMs', 'virtualization', 'openness', 'feedback', 'points', 'topics', 'areas', 'improvement', 'development', 'Ease', 'endpoint', 'source', 'customized', 'telemetry', 'Rich', 'automation', 'Transparency', 'timelines']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,elastic.co
55266,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/03/04/3249050/0/en/IMCD-nominates-Ruud-Joosten-as-Supervisory-Board-member.html,IMCD nominates Ruud Joosten as Supervisory Board member,"Rotterdam  the Netherlands (4 March 2026) – IMCD N.V. (""IMCD"" or ""Company"")  a global leading partner for the distribution and formulation of speciality chemicals and ingredients  is pleased to announce that its Supervisory Board nominates Ruud Joosten as mem…","Rotterdam  the Netherlands (4 March 2026) – IMCD N.V. (""IMCD"" or ""Company"")  a global leading partner for the distribution and formulation of speciality chemicals and ingredients  is pleased to announce that its Supervisory Board nominates Ruud Joosten as member of the Supervisory Board.Ruud Joosten is the CEO of Royal BAM Group NV since 2020 and is a non-executive board member at Altana AG since 2024. He started his career at Sigma Coatings (currently PPG) in 1988. He joined AkzoNobel in 1996 where he held several management roles and served as COO between 2017 and 2020.As announced in December 2025  it is the Supervisory Board’s intention to expand its composition with a sixth Board member  as part of its long-term succession planning. The proposal to appoint Ruud Joosten as member of the Supervisory Board will be submitted for approval at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 30 April 2026.Janus Smalbraak  Chair of the Supervisory Board: “With Ruud  the Supervisory Board nominates a seasoned and highly effective business leader. His extensive experience in speciality distribution and the chemical industry  both in the Netherlands and abroad  is a valuable contribution to the Supervisory Board’s composition.”- xxx-This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation and was issued on 4 March 2026  08:00 a.m. CET.About IMCDIMCD  based in Rotterdam  The Netherlands  is a leading global partner for the distribution and formulation of speciality chemicals and ingredients. IMCD is an expert solutions provider and adds sustainable value to the supply chain. Every day professionals focus on providing the best service through commercial and operational excellence. The company is mindful of the role they play in creating a better planet for all and formulates with consciousness and executes with care  to address business challenges of tomorrow  in partnership and transparency.In 2025  with over 5 200 employees  IMCD realised revenues of EUR 4 779 million. IMCD N.V.’s shares are traded at Euronext Amsterdam (symbol: IMCD) and included in the Dutch ESG AEX index  as one of 25 companies within the AEX and AMX indices demonstrating best ESG practices.For further information  please visit www.imcdgroup.comMedia contactMuriel WerléCorporate Communications Director+31 10 290 86 14mediarelations@imcdgroup.comInvestor relations contactTosca HoltlandHead of Investor Relations+31 10 290 86 53ir@imcdgroup.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.71,0.29,0.0,True,English,"['Supervisory Board member', 'Ruud Joosten', 'IMCD', 'Royal BAM Group NV', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Dutch ESG AEX index', 'global leading partner', 'several management roles', 'long-term succession planning', 'Annual General Meeting', 'leading global partner', 'expert solutions provider', 'best ESG practices', 'Corporate Communications Director', 'effective business leader', 'IMCD N.V.', 'Investor relations contact', 'executive board member', 'sixth Board member', 'best service', 'business challenges', 'Media contact', 'Supervisory Board', 'speciality chemicals', 'Altana AG', 'Sigma Coatings', 'Janus Smalbraak', 'extensive experience', 'chemical industry', 'valuable contribution', 'press release', 'sustainable value', 'supply chain', 'operational excellence', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'AMX indices', 'Muriel Werlé', 'Tosca Holtland', 'Ruud Joosten', 'speciality distribution', 'inside information', 'The Netherlands', 'Rotterdam', 'Company', 'formulation', 'ingredients', 'CEO', 'career', 'PPG', 'AkzoNobel', 'COO', 'December', 'intention', 'composition', 'proposal', 'approval', '30 April', 'Chair', 'seasoned', 'highly', 'meaning', 'Article', '4 March', 'professionals', 'commercial', 'planet', 'consciousness', 'tomorrow', 'partnership', 'transparency', '5,200 employees', 'revenues', 'shares', 'symbol', '25 companies', 'imcdgroup', 'mediarelations', 'Head', 'Attachment', '08:00']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,globenewswire.com
55267,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/03/04/3249621/0/en/Danone-publishes-its-2025-Universal-Registration-Document.html,Danone publishes its 2025 Universal Registration Document,Press Release – Paris  March 4  2026  at 6:00 pm CET  Danone publishes its 2025 Universal Registration Document  Danone filed its 2025 Universal...,Press Release – Paris  March 4  2026  at 6:00 pm CETDanone publishes its 2025 Universal Registration DocumentDanone filed its 2025 Universal Registration Document with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers) on March 4  2026.The 2025 Universal Registration Document includes notably:the annual financial report;the Board of Directors’ report on the corporate governance;the description of the share buyback program; andthe management report including sustainability information  the report on the certification of this information  as well as the vigilance plan.This 2025 Universal Registration Document is available to the public in accordance with applicable regulations and is also available on Danone’s website (www.danone.com)  section Investors / Financial and extra-financial reports.The draft resolutions presented at the Shareholders’ Meeting on April 23  2026 as well as the Board of Directors' report on those resolutions are also available on Danone’s website (www.danone.com)  section Investors / Shareholder’s meetings.About Danone (www.danone.com)Danone is a leading global food and beverage company operating in three health-focused  fast-growing and on-trend Categories: Essential Dairy & Plant-Based products  Waters and Specialized Nutrition. With a long-standing mission of bringing health through food to as many people as possible  Danone aims to inspire healthier and more sustainable eating and drinking practices while committing to achieve measurable nutritional  social  societal and environmental impact. Danone has defined its Renew strategy to restore growth  competitiveness  and value creation for the long-term. With c.90 000 employees  and products sold in over 120 markets  Danone generated €27.3 billion in sales in 2025. Danone’s portfolio includes leading international brands (Actimel  Activia  Alpro  Aptamil  Danette  Danio  Danonino  evian  Nutricia  Nutrilon  Volvic  among others) as well as strong local and regional brands (including AQUA  Blédina  Bonafont  Cow & Gate  Mizone  Oikos and Silk). Listed on Euronext Paris and present on the OTCQX platform via an ADR (American Depositary Receipt) program  Danone is a component stock of leading sustainability indexes including the ones managed by Moody’s and Sustainalytics  as well as MSCI ESG Indexes  FTSE4Good Index Series  Bloomberg Gender Equality Index  and Access to Nutrition Index. Danone achieved B CorpTM certification at global level in 2025.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['2025 Universal Registration Document', 'Danone', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'American Depositary Receipt) program', 'Bloomberg Gender Equality Index', 'The 2025 Universal Registration Document', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'share buyback program', 'MSCI ESG Indexes', 'FTSE4Good Index Series', 'leading international brands', 'leading sustainability indexes', 'B CorpTM certification', 'annual financial report', 'leading global food', 'Nutrition Index', 'regional brands', 'global level', 'Press Release', 'Directors’ report', 'corporate governance', 'management report', 'sustainability information', 'vigilance plan', 'applicable regulations', 'extra-financial reports', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', ""Directors' report"", 'beverage company', 'three health-focused', 'trend Categories', 'Essential Dairy', 'Specialized Nutrition', 'standing mission', 'many people', 'sustainable eating', 'drinking practices', 'environmental impact', 'Renew strategy', 'value creation', 'c.90,000 employees', 'strong local', 'Blédina', 'OTCQX platform', 'component stock', 'draft resolutions', 'Plant-Based products', 'Euronext Paris', '120 markets', 'CET', 'Danone', 'Board', 'description', 'public', 'accordance', 'website', 'section', 'Investors', 'April', 'meetings', 'Waters', 'long', 'healthier', 'societal', 'growth', 'competitiveness', 'sales', 'portfolio', 'Actimel', 'Activia', 'Alpro', 'Aptamil', 'Danette', 'Danio', 'Danonino', 'evian', 'Nutricia', 'Nutrilon', 'Volvic', 'others', 'AQUA', 'Bonafont', 'Cow', 'Gate', 'Mizone', 'Oikos', 'Silk', 'ADR', 'Moody', 'Sustainalytics', 'Access', 'Attachment', '6:00']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,globenewswire.com
55268,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/03/04/3249056/0/en/IMCD-nominates-Andreas-Igerl-as-CCO-and-member-of-the-Management-Board.html,IMCD nominates Andreas Igerl as CCO and member of the Management Board,"Rotterdam  the Netherlands (4 March 2026) – IMCD N.V. (""IMCD"" or ""Company"")  a global leading partner for the distribution and formulation of speciality chemicals and ingredients  is pleased to announce that its Supervisory Board nominates Andreas Igerl to be…","Rotterdam  the Netherlands (4 March 2026) – IMCD N.V. (""IMCD"" or ""Company"")  a global leading partner for the distribution and formulation of speciality chemicals and ingredients  is pleased to announce that its Supervisory Board nominates Andreas Igerl to become Chief Commercial Officer (CCO) and member of the Management Board.Andreas Igerl  in his role as CCO  will strengthen the Management Board with his international experience and will further drive commercial excellence within IMCD. In addition  he will continue to head the EMEA region and the Industrial Business Groups.Andreas Igerl (born 1980  German) joined IMCD in 2019 and he currently serves as Executive Committee member and President IMCD EMEA and Industrial Business Groups. Before  he held positions as President for IMCD Asia-Pacific  Managing Director IMCD China and Business Unit Manager Advanced Materials in Germany. He holds a master’s degree in business administration from the University of Applied Science for Economy and Management in Munich.Janus Smalbraak  Chair of the Supervisory Board: “Andreas is a pragmatic leader  with strong focus on execution and a collaborative style. This nomination supports IMCD’s increased focus on supplier relationships  customer centricity and commercial excellence.”The proposal to appoint Andreas Igerl as member of the Management Board will be submitted for approval at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 30 April 2026. With the proposed appointment  the Management Board of IMCD will consist of a total of three members  reflecting the current size of the company and the ambition for further long-term growth and market leadership.- xxx-This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation and was issued on 4 March 2026  08:00 a.m. CET.About IMCDIMCD  based in Rotterdam  The Netherlands  is a leading global partner for the distribution and formulation of speciality chemicals and ingredients. IMCD is an expert solutions provider and adds sustainable value to the supply chain. Every day professionals focus on providing the best service through commercial and operational excellence. The company is mindful of the role they play in creating a better planet for all and formulates with consciousness and executes with care  to address business challenges of tomorrow  in partnership and transparency.In 2025  with over 5 200 employees  IMCD realised revenues of EUR 4 779 million. IMCD N.V.’s shares are traded at Euronext Amsterdam (symbol: IMCD) and included in the Dutch ESG AEX index  as one of 25 companies within the AEX and AMX indices demonstrating best ESG practices.For further information  please visit www.imcdgroup.comMedia contactMuriel WerléCorporate Communications Director+31 10 290 86 14mediarelations@imcdgroup.comInvestor relations contactTosca HoltlandHead of Investor Relations+31 10 290 86 53ir@imcdgroup.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.59,0.41,0.0,True,English,"['Andreas Igerl', 'Management Board', 'IMCD', 'CCO', 'member', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Dutch ESG AEX index', 'global leading partner', 'Annual General Meeting', 'leading global partner', 'expert solutions provider', 'best ESG practices', 'Industrial Business Groups', 'Business Unit Manager', 'Corporate Communications Director', 'Chief Commercial Officer', 'Executive Committee member', 'IMCD N.V.', 'Investor relations contact', 'President IMCD EMEA', 'market leadership', 'business administration', 'business challenges', 'EMEA region', 'Managing Director', 'best service', 'Media contact', 'speciality chemicals', 'Supervisory Board', 'international experience', 'commercial excellence', 'Advanced Materials', 'Applied Science', 'Janus Smalbraak', 'pragmatic leader', 'collaborative style', 'supplier relationships', 'customer centricity', 'three members', 'current size', 'long-term growth', 'press release', 'sustainable value', 'supply chain', 'operational excellence', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'AMX indices', 'Muriel Werlé', 'Tosca Holtland', 'Andreas Igerl', 'Management Board', 'IMCD Asia-Pacific', 'IMCD China', 'strong focus', 'The Netherlands', 'inside information', 'Rotterdam', 'Company', 'distribution', 'formulation', 'ingredients', 'CCO', 'role', 'addition', 'positions', 'Germany', 'master', 'degree', 'University', 'Economy', 'Munich', 'Chair', 'execution', 'nomination', 'proposal', 'approval', '30 April', 'appointment', 'total', 'ambition', 'meaning', 'Article', '4 March', 'professionals', 'planet', 'consciousness', 'care', 'tomorrow', 'partnership', 'transparency', '5,200 employees', 'revenues', 'shares', 'symbol', '25 companies', 'imcdgroup', 'mediarelations', 'Head', 'Attachment', '08:00']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,globenewswire.com
55269,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/03/04/3249095/0/en/Director-PDMR-Shareholding.html,Director/PDMR Shareholding,The Magnum Ice Cream Company N.V.   (TMICC or the Company)  NOTIFICATION OF A TRANSACTION OF A PERSON DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES (PDMR)   The...,The Magnum Ice Cream Company N.V.(TMICC or the Company)NOTIFICATION OF A TRANSACTION OF A PERSON DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES (PDMR)The Company notifies the following acquisition of ordinary shares of €3.50 each (Shares) of a PDMR.PDMR Number of Shares Gerardo Rozanski 40 000This announcement is made in accordance with the requirements of the EU and UK version of the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014.1Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associateda)Name of natural person Gerardo Rozanski 2Reason for the notificationa)Position/statusPresident  Americas b)Initial notification/AmendmentInitial notification 3Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitora)NameThe Magnum Ice Cream Company N.V. b)Legal Entity Identifier code25490052LLF3XH6G9847 4Details of the transaction(s) summary table Date of Transaction Description of Instrument Identification Code Place of Transaction Currency 3-MAR-2026 Ordinary shares of €3.50 each ISIN: NL0015002MS2 New York Stock Exchange - XNYS USD Nature of TransactionPrice Volume Total Acquisition 14.92 20 000 298 400 Acquisition 15.09 10 000 150 900 Acquisition 15.1131 10 000 151 131 Aggregated 15.011 40 000 600 431Enquiries Media Relationsmedia.relations-tmicc@magnumicecream.comInvestor Relationsinvestor.relations-tmicc@magnumicecream.comAbout The Magnum Ice Cream CompanyWe are the world’s largest ice cream company  headquartered in Amsterdam  The Netherlands and listed on Euronext Amsterdam  the London Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange. Home to four of the world’s five largest ice cream brands  with a global team of 16 500 employees  operating thirty factories  twelve R&D centres and a fleet of three million freezer cabinets  we generated €7.9 billion in revenue in 2025. From Magnum and Ben & Jerry’s to Cornetto and the Heartbrand  our ice cream portfolio delights consumers in eighty markets around the world. TMICC’s legal entity identifier is 25490052LLF3XH6G9847. For more information  visit www.corporate.magnumicecream.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.59,0.41,0.0,True,English,"['Director/PDMR Shareholding', 'The Magnum Ice Cream Company N.V.', 'five largest ice cream brands', 'NL0015002MS2 New York Stock Exchange', 'Legal Entity Identifier code 25490052LLF3XH6G9847', 'Transaction Price Volume Total Acquisition', 'largest ice cream company', 'Instrument Identification Code Place', 'twelve R&D centres', 'three million freezer cabinets', 'emission allowance market participant', 'ice cream portfolio', 'PERSON DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'summary table Date', 'Enquiries Media Relations', 'Investor Relations investor', 'The Netherlands', 'following acquisition', 'Transaction Description', 'Transaction Currency', 'Gerardo Rozanski', 'UK version', 'natural person', 'Position/status President', 'Initial notification/Amendment', 'auction platform', 'auction monitor', 'XNYS USD', 'global team', 'thirty factories', 'eighty markets', 'ordinary shares', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'PDMR Number', '8,400 Acquisition', '900 Acquisition', 'TMICC', 'announcement', 'accordance', 'requirements', 'Details', 'Name', 'Reason', 'Americas', 'issuer', 'auctioneer', 'ISIN', 'Nature', 'magnumicecream', 'world', '16,500 employees', 'fleet', 'revenue', 'Ben', 'Jerry', 'Cornetto', 'Heartbrand', 'consumers', 'information', 'corporate']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,globenewswire.com
55270,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/03/04/3249576/0/en/Participation-notifications-by-The-Goldman-Sachs-Group.html,Participation notifications by The Goldman Sachs Group,Press release                                                                  Regulated information   Brussels  March 4  2026  17:45 CET   In line with...,"Press release Regulated informationBrussels  March 4  2026  17:45 CETIn line with Belgian transparency legislation (Law of May 2  2007)  The Goldman Sachs Group  Inc recently sent to Solvay the following transparency notifications.Here is a summary of the notifications:Date on which the threshold is crossed Voting rights after the transaction Equivalent financial instruments after the transaction Total February 18  2026 0.09% 7.55% 7.64% February 24  2026 0.28% 7.42% 7.71% February 26  2026 0.13% 7.00% 7.13%The latest notification  dated March 3  2026  contains the following information:Reason for the notification: Acquisition or disposal of financial instruments that are treated as voting securitiesNotified by: A parent undertaking or a controlling personDate on which the threshold is crossed: February 26  2026Threshold of direct voting rights crossed: 7.5% downwardsDenominator: 105 876 416Additional information: ""Call Warrants""  ""Swaps""  ""Call Option"" and ""Put Option"" mentioned in section B are held by the corresponding entities where Goldman Sachs has a long exposurePersons subject to the notification requirement: The Goldman Sachs Group  Inc  Corporation Truse Center  1209 Orange Street  Wilmimgton  DE 19801  USATransparency notifications and the full chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively held are available on the Investor Relations Section of Solvay's website.ContactsInvestor relationsGeoffroy d’Oultremont: +32 478 88 32 96Vincent Toussaint: +33 6 74 87 85 65Charlotte Vandevenne: +32 471 68 01 66investor.relations@solvay.comMedia relationsPeter Boelaert: +32 479 30 91 59Laetitia Van Minnenbruggen: +32 484 65 30 47media.relations@solvay.comAbout SolvaySolvay  a pioneering chemical company with a legacy rooted in founder Ernest Solvay's pivotal innovations in the soda ash process  is dedicated to delivering essential solutions globally through its workforce of around 8 400 employees. Since 1863  Solvay harnesses the power of chemistry to create innovative  sustainable solutions that answer the world’s most essential needs such as purifying the air we breathe and the water we drink  preserving our food supplies  protecting our health and well-being  creating eco-friendly clothing  making the tires of our cars more sustainable and cleaning and protecting our homes. Solvay’s unwavering commitment drives the transition to a carbon-neutral future by 2050  underscoring its dedication to sustainability and a fair and just transition. As a world-leading company with €4.3 billion in net sales in 2025  Solvay is listed on Euronext Brussels and Paris (SOLB). For more information about Solvay  please visit solvay.com or follow Solvay on Linkedin.Ce communiqué de presse est également disponible en français.Dit persbericht is ook in het Nederlands beschikbaar.Attachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['The Goldman Sachs Group', 'Participation notifications', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'Press release Regulated information', 'Corporation Truse Center', 'Laetitia Van Minnenbruggen', 'soda ash process', 'het Nederlands beschikbaar', 'Belgian transparency legislation', 'pioneering chemical company', 'innovative, sustainable solutions', 'Equivalent financial instruments', 'direct voting rights', 'founder Ernest Solvay', 'following transparency notifications', 'Investor Relations Section', 'following information', 'section B', 'essential solutions', 'world-leading company', 'voting securities', 'Additional information', 'parent undertaking', 'controlling person', 'Call Warrants', 'Call Option', 'Put Option', 'corresponding entities', 'long exposure', '1209 Orange Street', 'full chain', 'controlled undertakings', 'Vincent Toussaint', 'Charlotte Vandevenne', 'Peter Boelaert', 'pivotal innovations', 'essential needs', 'food supplies', 'eco-friendly clothing', 'unwavering commitment', 'carbon-neutral future', 'net sales', 'français', 'Media relations', 'latest notification', 'notification requirement', 'just transition', 'Euronext Brussels', 'communiqué de', 'Solvay Solvay', 'March', 'CET', 'line', 'Law', 'May', 'summary', 'Date', 'threshold', 'transaction', 'February', 'Reason', 'Acquisition', 'disposal', 'Denominator', 'Swaps', 'Persons', 'Wilmimgton', 'USA', 'holding', 'website', 'Contacts', 'Geoffroy', 'Oultremont', 'legacy', 'workforce', '8,400 employees', 'power', 'chemistry', 'air', 'water', 'health', 'well-being', 'tires', 'cars', 'homes', 'dedication', 'sustainability', 'Paris', 'SOLB', 'Linkedin', 'presse', 'persbericht', 'Attachments', '479', '2050']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,globenewswire.com
55271,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/03/04/3249608/0/en/ForFarmers-publishes-agenda-2026-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders.html,ForFarmers publishes agenda 2026 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders,Lochem  4 March 2026  ForFarmers publishes agenda 2026 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders  ForFarmers N.V. ('ForFarmers') publishes the agenda for the...,Lochem  4 March 2026ForFarmers publishes agenda 2026 Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersForFarmers N.V. ('ForFarmers') publishes the agenda for the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) today. This will take place on Thursday 16 April 2026 at 10:00 a.m. at Café-Restaurant-Zalencentrum “Witkamp”  Dorpsstraat 8  7245 AK Laren (Gelderland). The convocation notice and the agenda with explanatory notes for this meeting are available on ForFarmers’ website (www.forfarmersgroup.eu) under Investors / Annual General Meeting of Shareholders.Nominations and (re)appointments of Executive board member and Supervisory Board membersThe Supervisory Board ('SB') of ForFarmers submits binding nominations at the AGM on 16 April 2026 for (i) the reappointment of Mr Pieter Wolleswinkel as executive board member (CEO) of ForFarmers  (ii) the reappointment of Ms Marijke Folkers-in ‘t Hout and Mr Roger Gerritzen as members of the SB  and (iii) the appointment of Mr Walter Gerritsen and Ms Elma Vroege as members of the SB.The appointments of the new members of the SB will fill the vacancies arising from the resignation of Mr Erwin Wunnekink on 1 November 2025 and the end of Mr Vincent Hulshof’s term at the end of the AGM on 16 April 2026.Walter Gerritsen (1971) has been a Board member of Coöperatie FromFarmers U.A. ('Coöperatie') since 1 January 2023 and has held the position of chairman. In view of his appointment to the SB  the role of chairman of the Coöperatie will be assumed by another board member of the Coöperatie. In addition  Mr Gerritsen runs a youngstock rearing farm and has previously held relevant administrative positions within agricultural and social organisations  such as that of alderman of the municipality of Montferland.Elma Vroege (1990) has been a Board member of Coöperatie FromFarmers U.A. since 17 April 2025. She runs a mixed family business in agriculture and is actively involved in agricultural development  innovation and sectoral advocacy  including as treasurer of the local LTO. As a Board member of the Coöperatie  she focuses on representing member interests and contributes valuable knowledge in the field of sustainable energy and business optimisation  supported by her experience as an agricultural entrepreneur.With their knowledge and experience  Walter Gerritsen and Elma Vroege can make a strong contribution as members of the Supervisory Board to the further implementation of ForFarmers’ strategy and mission.Strategic transaction – ForFarmers PolskaOn 12 February 2026  ForFarmers announced that it had entered into an agreement for a strategic transaction in Poland consisting of the merger of ForFarmers' current Polish feed activities under the name Tasomix with the poultry  slaughterhouse and processing activities of KPS Food Group in a new joint venture. This strengthens ForFarmers' position in the Polish market  an important growth region within Europe. It also represents a further step in chain integration.As announced  this transaction is subject to approval by the Polish competition authority and ForFarmers' shareholders. This transaction will be submitted to the shareholders for approval at the AGM on 16 April 2026.Note for editors:ForFarmers  Ilse Niehof-Duivelshof  +31 (0) 573 288800Company profileForFarmers N.V. (‘ForFarmers’) is a company offering complete feed solutions for (organic) livestock farming. With its mission statement “For the Future of Farming”  ForFarmers is committed to future-proof farming and making the agricultural sector even more sustainable. Our goal is clear: to contribute to good returns and a robust long-term earnings model. How? By leading the way with knowledge  advice  support and products on farm. Close to the farmers  solution-oriented and with an open mind to the future. The result: a contribution to affordable and sustainable food  For the Future of Farming.With annual sales of over 10 million tonnes of animal feed  ForFarmers is a leading player in Europe. The company has production operations in the Netherlands (head office)  Germany  Poland and the UK and exports to various countries within and outside Europe. ForFarmers has around 3 000 employees. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V. - Postbus 91 - 7240 AB LochemT: +31 (0)573 28 88 00 - info@forfarmers.eu  www.forfarmersgroup.eu,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.73,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['2026 Annual General Meeting', 'ForFarmers', 'agenda', 'Shareholders', 'Coöperatie FromFarmers U.A.', 'robust long-term earnings model', 'current Polish feed activities', 'Ms Marijke Folkers', 'relevant administrative positions', 'important growth region', 'Polish competition authority', 'complete feed solutions', 'Mr Pieter Wolleswinkel', 'Mr Roger Gerritzen', 'Mr Erwin Wunnekink', 'Mr Vincent Hulshof', 'mixed family business', 'KPS Food Group', 'new joint venture', '2026 Annual General Meeting', 'The Supervisory Board', 'youngstock rearing farm', 'organic) livestock farming', 'Executive board member', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'Ms Elma Vroege', 'Mr Walter Gerritsen', 'Supervisory Board members', 'Mr Gerritsen', 'processing activities', 'Polish market', 'animal feed', 'annual sales', 'business optimisation', 'sustainable food', 'member interests', 'new members', 'Café-Restaurant-Zalencentrum', '7245 AK Laren', 'convocation notice', 'explanatory notes', 'social organisations', 'sectoral advocacy', 'local LTO', 'sustainable energy', 'chain integration', 'Ilse Niehof-Duivelshof', 'good returns', 'open mind', '10 million tonnes', 'leading player', 'production operations', 'head office', 'various countries', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'agricultural development', 'agricultural entrepreneur', 'future-proof farming', 'agricultural sector', 'ForFarmers’ website', 'ForFarmers’ strategy', 'ForFarmers Polska', 'forfarmers.eu', '10:00 a', 're)appointments', 'binding nominations', 'strong contribution', 'Strategic transaction', 'mission statement', 'Lochem T', 'valuable knowledge', 'Company profile', ""ForFarmers' position"", ""ForFarmers' shareholders"", '4 March', 'agenda', 'AGM', 'place', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Witkamp', 'Dorpsstraat', 'Gelderland', 'forfarmersgroup', 'Investors', 'reappointment', 'CEO', 'Hout', 'SB', 'vacancies', 'resignation', '1 November', '1 January', 'chairman', 'view', 'role', 'addition', 'alderman', 'municipality', 'Montferland', 'agriculture', 'innovation', 'treasurer', 'field', 'experience', 'implementation', '12 February', 'agreement', 'Poland', 'merger', 'name', 'Tasomix', 'poultry', 'slaughterhouse', 'Europe', 'step', 'approval', 'editors', 'goal', 'way', 'advice', 'support', 'products', 'result', 'affordable', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'UK', 'exports', '3,000 employees', 'Postbus', 'info', '31', '573']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,globenewswire.com
55272,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/03/04/3249655/0/en/Weekly-share-repurchase-program-transaction-details.html,Weekly share repurchase program transaction details,Amsterdam  March 4  2026  SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR227 million (US$270 million1) share repurchase program for the...,"Amsterdam  March 4  2026SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR227 million (US$270 million1) share repurchase program for the period February 27  2026 through March 4  2026.The repurchases were made under the EUR227 million share repurchase program announced on February 26  2026 and effective from February 27  2026. The objective of the program is to reduce share capital and  in addition  to provide shares for regular management and employee share programs. Information regarding the progress of the share repurchase program and the aggregate of the transactions (calculated on a daily basis) for the period February 27  2026 through March 4  2026 can be found in the top half of the table below. Further detailed information regarding both the progress of the share repurchase program and all individual transactions can be accessed via the Investors section of the Company’s website.Share Repurchase Program Overall progress Share Repurchase Program: Total Repurchase Amount EUR 226 633 158 Cumulative Repurchase Amount EUR 3 583 944 Cumulative Quantity Repurchased 113 012 Cumulative Average Repurchase Price EUR 31.71 Start Date February 27  2025 Percentage of program completed as of March 4  2026 1.58% Overview of details of last 4 trading days: Trade Date Quantity Repurchased Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount February 27  2026 27 642 32.41 EUR 895 993 March 2  2026 27 773 32.26 EUR 895 976 March 3  2026 28 971 30.93 EUR 895 989 March 4  2026 28 626 31.30 EUR 895 985 Total 113 012 EUR 31.71 EUR 3 583 944All shares purchased via Euronext Amsterdam  CBOE DXE  Turquoise Europe and or Aquis Europe.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under the Market Abuse Regulation (nr. 596/2014). The information concerns a regular update of the transactions conducted under SBM Offshore’s current share repurchase program  as announced by the Company on February 26  2026  details of which are available on its website.Corporate ProfileSBM Offshore is a global leader in deepwater ocean infrastructure  delivering floating production solutions across the full asset lifecycle—from design and construction to installation and operation. Supported by a global team of more than 8 000 professionals  the Company operates a long-term  asset-backed business model that delivers high-availability assets and predictable cash flows. SBM Offshore combines engineering expertise  operational reliability  and selective innovation to support safe  efficient  and lower-carbon energy production  while extending its capabilities into new opportunities across the blue economy.For further information  please visit our website at www.sbmoffshore.com.Financial Calendar Date Year Annual General Meeting April 15 2026 First Quarter 2026 Trading Update May 7 2026 Half Year 2026 Earnings August 6 2026 Third Quarter 2026 Trading Update November 12 2026 Full Year 2026 Earnings February 18 2027For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsWouter HoltiesCorporate Finance & Investor Relations ManagerMobile: +31 (0) 2 02 36 32 36 E-mail: wouter.holties@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMedia RelationsGiampaolo ArghittuHead of External RelationsPhone: +31 (0) 6 212 62 333 / +39 33 494 79 584 E-mail: giampaolo.arghittu@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMarket Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.DisclaimerSome of the statements contained in this release that are not historical facts are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements based on management’s current views  expectations and various assumptions regarding the financial and non-financial position of SBM Offshore N.V.  anticipated developments and other factors  and involve known and unknown risks  dependencies and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those in such statements. These statements may be identified by words such as ‘expect’  ‘should’  ‘could’  ‘shall’ and / or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The principal risks which could affect the future operations of SBM Offshore N.V. are described in the ‘Impacts  Risks and Opportunities’ section of the 2025 Annual Report.Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results and performance of the Company’s business may vary materially and adversely from the forward-looking statements described in this release. SBM Offshore N.V. does not intend and does not assume any obligation to update any industry information or forward-looking statements set forth in this release to reflect new information  subsequent events or otherwise.Data underpinning certain disclosures – particularly sustainability-related - may be subject to inherent limitations. These limitations include but are not limited to reliance on third party data providers whose data quality  completeness and integrity may differ; the use of estimates and assumptions where actual data is unavailable or incomplete; and dependencies on value chain partners for timely and accurate information provision. Methodologies  standards and regulatory requirements for measuring and reporting information—especially sustainability related information—continue to evolve. As a result  our measurement approaches and reported figures may be refined over time as more accurate  granular or standardized data becomes available. Accordingly  all data  and emissions data in particular  should be interpreted in light of these limitations and the ongoing maturation of sustainability reporting practices across our value chain.This release contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs) as defined by the ESMA guidelines which are not defined under IFRS. Further information on these APMs is included in 2025 Annual Report  available on our website Annual Reports - SBM Offshore.Nothing in this release shall be deemed an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities. The companies in which SBM Offshore N.V. directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this release “SBM Offshore” and “SBM” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to SBM Offshore N.V. and its subsidiaries in general. These expressions are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular company or companies.""SBM Offshore®""  the SBM logomark  “Fast4Ward®”  and “F4W®” and “Imodco®” are proprietary marks owned by SBM Offshore.1 Based on the EUR/US$ forward exchange rate on February 18  2026.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['repurchase program transaction details', 'Weekly share', 'Financial Calendar Date Year Annual General Meeting', 'Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount', 'Overall progress Share Repurchase Program', 'EUR227 million share repurchase program', '113,012 Cumulative Average Repurchase Price', 'Trade Date Quantity Repurchased', 'long-term, asset-backed business model', 'million1) share repurchase program', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'SBM Offshore N.V.', 'Investor Relations Manager Mobile', 'current share repurchase program', 'Cumulative Repurchase Amount', 'Total Repurchase Amount', 'Cumulative Quantity Repurchased', 'employee share programs', 'deepwater ocean infrastructure', 'floating production solutions', 'predictable cash flows', 'lower-carbon energy production', 'full asset lifecycle', 'last 4 trading days', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'other forward-looking statements', '2025 Annual Report', 'Start Date', 'Full Year', 'Half Year', 'share capital', 'current views', 'Media Relations', 'External Relations', 'other factors', 'Trading Update', 'daily basis', 'top half', 'Investors section', 'CBOE DXE', 'Turquoise Europe', 'Aquis Europe', 'regular update', 'Corporate Profile', 'global leader', 'global team', 'high-availability assets', 'engineering expertise', 'operational reliability', 'selective innovation', 'new opportunities', 'blue economy', 'First Quarter', 'Third Quarter', 'Corporate Finance', 'historical facts', 'various assumptions', 'non-financial position', 'actual results', 'similar expressions', 'future operations', 'Opportunities’ section', 'underlying assumptions', 'third party', 'unknown risks', 'various risks', 'principal risks', 'regular management', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'future expectations', 'subsequent events', 'inherent limitations', 'press release', 'transaction details', 'detailed information', 'individual transactions', 'industry information', 'new information', 'Wouter Holties', 'Giampaolo Arghittu', 'March', 'period', 'February', 'repurchases', 'objective', 'addition', 'shares', 'aggregate', 'Further', 'Company', 'website', 'Percentage', 'Overview', 'nr', 'design', 'construction', 'installation', '8,000 professionals', 'capabilities', 'sbmoffshore', 'April', 'Earnings', 'November', 'mail', 'Head', 'Phone', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Disclaimer', 'developments', 'dependencies', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'words', 'Impacts', 'obligation', 'Data', 'disclosures', 'reliance', '31']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,globenewswire.com
55273,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/03/04/3249336/0/en/The-Conscious-Consumer-Is-Everyone-Income-and-Political-Affiliation-No-Longer-Predict-Who-Shops-Ethically.html,The Conscious Consumer Is Everyone: Income and Political Affiliation No Longer Predict Who Shops Ethically,New Report Finds 40% of North American purchases influenced by social and environmental Factors  adapting claims to emphasize present day  personal benefit increases purchase motivation New Report Finds 40% of North American purchases influenced by social and…,New York and Toronto  March 04  2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Toronto and New York – March 4  2026 – At a time when headlines suggest sustainability and social impact principles are fading and “woke business” is in retreat  new data tells a different story. The 2026 Conscious Consumer Report from Public Inc.  in partnership with Ipsos and Engage for Good  unveils findings that conscious consumerism is expanding  not shrinking  and now represents an ethos tied to 40% of North American purchases  up from 38% last year.This growth occurred despite inflation  heightened price sensitivity  and intensifying political pushback around ESG and corporate purpose.“Ethical shopping is not a niche preference ” said Phil Haid  Founder & CEO  Public Inc. “It’s becoming a normalized purchasing driver. The backlash narrative has been loud and constant  but consumer behavior continues to tell a different story and brands should pay attention.”The Myth of the ‘Woke’ Shopper. One of the report’s most surprising findings: values-driven purchasing transcends both income and political affiliation.Higher income no longer predicts conscious consumerism. Contrary to long-held assumptions  sustainable shopping today does not correlate consistently with wealth. Income fluctuates across segments rather than declining steadily from highly engaged “Sustainability Stewards” to less engaged consumers.In fact  “Sustainability Stewards” were nearly 2x more likely than disengaged shoppers to say price had a “much greater” impact on their purchasing decisions over the last year  making them the most price-sensitive segment.Conservatives shop sustainably too. In the United States  conscious consumerism is only marginally more associated with Democrats than Republicans. In both markets  values-driven purchasing spans party lines. The implication is clear: the conscious consumer is not ideological. It is mainstream.“If brands are worried about how to speak to divided audiences  this data is clarifying ” added Haid. “The claims that resonate most unify consumers rather than polarize them.”The Messaging Breakthrough: “Me Now  We Later”Last year’s Conscious Consumer report identified claims confusion as the single biggest barrier to conscious consumerism. Nearly half of consumers walked away from products with confusing sustainability claims. Among the most conscious shoppers  that number rose to 87%.In 2026  researchers tested the most common sustainability claims in the market and evolved them using one core principle: emphasize immediate human benefit. Applying this “me now” principle drove positive growth in 71% of evolved consumable claims and 67% of evolved wearable claims. Claim preferences were remarkably consistent across market segments  reinforcing the idea that effective sustainability messaging is not demographic-specific  but human-specific and centered.The Cost of Corporate Silence & The Confidence GapAs regulatory scrutiny and cultural tensions around ESG continue  many companies have over-rotated on what not to say. The unintended consequence: a deepening sustainability silence  compounding greenhushing and reinforcing the false narrative that responsible business is collapsing. According to the research  62% of Canadians and Americans are somewhat or very interested in learning about a company’s social and environmental actions  indicating consumer appetite remains strong. However  nearly three in four consumers report low or no trust in business impact communications  despite high interest in learning more. This “confidence gap” presents both risk and opportunity  as consumers are lacking a belief in products’ and organizations’ actual ability to drive impact.A Clear Path Forward for BrandsThe 2026 Conscious Consumer Report provides practical guidance for navigating today’s complex environment  including:Who to target: Conscious consumerism spans income levels and party lines. The market is larger and more politically agnostic than assumed.What to say: Human-centered  benefit-driven claims outperform abstract sustainability language.Where to say it: Consumers are actively seeking information  and brands that show up clearly and consistently can close the confidence gap.Across the industry  from agencies to research institutions  leaders are arriving at similar conclusions: sustainability must be reframed in human terms in order to scale and spark action.“The future of sustainable growth isn’t quieter messaging  it’s clearer  more human communication  delivered where trust is built ” said Caleigh Farrell  VP of Research  Public Inc. “Consumers respond to sustainability and purpose when it feels practical  personal  and grounded in everyday benefit. If we want to grow a sustainable economy  we have to meet people where they are  not where we wish they were.”Methodology: The 2026 Conscious Consumer Report is based on a survey of more than 2 100 U.S. and Canadian adults conducted in partnership with Ipsos. The study examines evolving attitudes toward sustainability  corporate responsibility  and ethical purchasing  offering actionable insights for brands navigating economic uncertainty and cultural complexity. The survey was conducted online with a nationally representative sample of n=1 003 consumers ages 18+ in the US and n=1 007 in Canada. The survey was conducted October 22-28  2025. The data has been weighted by age  gender  and region using the latest available census data for each country.The full report is available at: https://publicinc.com/our-services/#reportAbout Public Inc.: Public Inc. is an independent creative impact agency helping courageous companies across North America put purpose at the top of the business agenda since 2008. A certified B Corp  Public Inc. believes that companies everywhere can – and should – be a greater force for good in the world and that everyone can #ProfitWithPurpose.About Ipsos: Ipsos is one of the largest market research companies globally  operating in 90 markets and employing nearly 20 000 people. Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 business solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques. “Game Changers” – our tagline – summarizes our ambition to help our 5 000 clients navigate with confidence our rapidly changing world. Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120  Mid-60 indices  and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).About Engage for Good: For more than two decades  Engage for Good (EFG) has been the trusted home for corporate and nonprofit leaders building partnerships that deliver real results. EFG has equipped leaders shaping cause marketing  CSR  ESG  and nonprofit partnership strategy with the connections  best practices  and community they need to build high-impact partnerships that drive both business and social value. With a community of over 19 000 impact leaders  EFG's programs include the annual Engage for Good Conference  The Halo Awards  membership for impact professionals  and consulting services for nonprofits and companies. Learn more at engageforgood.com .,neutral,0.07,0.88,0.05,negative,0.0,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['The Conscious Consumer', 'Political Affiliation', 'Everyone', 'Income', 'The 2026 Conscious Consumer Report', 'North American purchases', 'single biggest barrier', 'Human-centered, benefit-driven claims', 'normalized purchasing driver', 'abstract sustainability language', 'one core principle', 'immediate human benefit', 'effective sustainability messaging', 'deepening sustainability silence', 'The Messaging Breakthrough', 'less engaged consumers', 'confusing sustainability claims', 'common sustainability claims', 'business impact communications', 'social impact principles', 'consumer behavior', 'consumer appetite', 'quieter messaging', 'Corporate Silence', 'everyday benefit', 'conscious consumerism', 'woke business', 'responsible business', 'human terms', 'human communication', 'claims confusion', 'consumable claims', 'wearable claims', 'values-driven purchasing', 'purchasing decisions', 'ethical purchasing', 'Sustainability Stewards', 'New York', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'different story', 'Public Inc.', 'political pushback', 'Ethical shopping', 'niche preference', 'backlash narrative', 'Woke’ Shopper', 'political affiliation', 'sustainable shopping', 'last year', 'price-sensitive segment', 'United States', 'party lines', 'divided audiences', 'Claim preferences', 'Confidence Gap', 'regulatory scrutiny', 'cultural tensions', 'many companies', 'unintended consequence', 'false narrative', 'environmental actions', 'high interest', 'actual ability', 'Clear Path', 'practical guidance', 'complex environment', 'similar conclusions', 'Caleigh Farrell', 'sustainable economy', '2,100 U.S.', 'Canadian adults', 'evolving attitudes', 'corporate responsibility', 'conscious shoppers', 'The Cost', 'positive growth', 'sustainable growth', 'new data', 'price sensitivity', 'corporate purpose', 'Phil Haid', 'surprising findings', 'Higher income', 'income levels', 'four consumers', 'research institutions', 'market segments', 'Toronto', 'March', 'time', 'headlines', 'retreat', 'partnership', 'Ipsos', 'Good', 'ethos', 'inflation', 'ESG', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'brands', 'attention', 'Myth', 'assumptions', 'wealth', 'fact', 'greater', 'Conservatives', 'Democrats', 'Republicans', 'markets', 'implication', 'most', 'half', 'products', 'number', 'researchers', 'idea', 'greenhushing', 'Canadians', 'Americans', 'company', 'three', 'trust', 'risk', 'opportunity', 'belief', 'today', 'information', 'industry', 'agencies', 'leaders', 'order', 'future', 'VP', 'people', 'Methodology', 'survey', 'study']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,globenewswire.com
55274,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/03/04/3249396/0/en/Thales-updates-and-enhances-Naranja-X-s-payment-security.html,Thales updates and enhances Naranja X’s payment security,Thales enables a secure and frictionless payment experience for Naranja X through the integration of Entersekt into its D1 platform Thales enables a secure and frictionless payment experience for Naranja X through the integration of Entersekt into its D1 plat…,Atlanta  March 04  2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Thales  a global leader in advanced technologies and digital security  announces that Naranja X has selected and expanded its use of the Thales D1 Platform to strengthen the security of its online payments ecosystem. This strategic implementation integrates Entersekt’s industry-leading banking and payment authentication technology to elevate fraud-protection standards across the region.Through this technology partnership  Thales delivers a cloud-based infrastructure to Naranja X that enables wallet tokenization for Apple Pay and Google Pay  while also extending advanced e-commerce security through the 3-D Secure (3DS) protocol powered by Entersekt’s Access Control Server (ACS).Cutting-edge technology powering digital bankingThe solution delivered by Thales enables fintechs like Naranja X to deploy high-level  risk-based authentication protocols. By centralizing services within the Thales D1 Platform  the digital bank achieves:Proactive threat detection: Identifying fraudulent activity before it impacts the business.Operational optimization: Reducing false declines and lowering fraud-related costs.Higher conversion: Achieving more than 56% of fully authenticated transactions without user intervention.“The successful implementation at Naranja X underscores the immediate value of our Thales D1 Platform. It is a cloud-native solution designed for issuers and processors to launch new services with agility  achieving the critical balance between strong fraud protection and a seamless user experience ” said Juan Pepa  Sales Director for Banking and Payment Services for the Southern Cone at Thales.The technology deployed by Thales  powered by Entersekt  performs a silent background check. The system analyzes dynamic  real-time risk conditions such as device geolocation  user behavior  and historical transaction context.Only when the Thales platform detects an anomaly is an additional verification request triggered (step-up authentication). To do so  the solution leverages the unified D1 SDK  enabling methods such as one-time passwords (OTP) or out-of-band (OOB) biometric authentication  ensuring that security does not compromise transaction speed.“Thanks to the Thales D1 Platform and Entersekt’s tools  we were able to rapidly implement dynamic strong customer authentication. The platform acted as a technological ‘single point of integration ’ allowing us to connect issuance and transaction services in record time to offer our customers the safest possible experience ” said Miguel Schillaci  Head of IT at Naranja X.For his part  Schalk Nolte  CEO of Entersekt  highlighted the potency of synergy between providers. “This collaboration is a testament to how our 3DS ACS technology  combined with the power of the Thales D1 Platform  creates a safer and frictionless e-commerce environment for innovative financial institutions.”With this implementation  Thales reaffirms its position as a leader in modern card issuance and digital security in LATAM  with multiple financial institutions preparing to adopt the Thales D1 Platform in the coming months.About ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies for the Defence  Aerospace  and Cyber & Digital sectors. Its portfolio of innovative products and services addresses several major challenges: sovereignty  security  sustainability and inclusion.The Group invests more than €4 billion per year in Research & Development in key areas  particularly for critical environments  such as Artificial Intelligence  cybersecurity  quantum and cloud technologies. Thales has more than 83 000 employees in 68 countries. In 2024  the Group generated sales of €20.6 billion.About Thales in Latin AmericaWith six decades of presence in Latin America  Thales  a global tech leader for the Defence  Aerospace  Cyber & Digital sectors. The Group is investing in digital and “deep tech” innovations – Big Data  artificial intelligence  connectivity  cybersecurity and quantum technology – to build a future we can all trust.The company has 2 500 employees in the region  across 7 countries - Argentina  Bolivia  Brazil  Chile  Colombia  Mexico and Panama - with ten offices  five manufacturing plants  and engineering and service centres in all the sectors in which it operates.Through strategic partnerships and innovative projects  Thales in Latin America drives sustainable growth and strengthens its ties with governments  public and private institutions  as well as airports  airlines  banks  telecommunications and technology companies.About Naranja XAt Naranja X  we are celebrating 40 years of breaking barriers and expanding access for millions of people. We were born in 1985 as a store-branded card linked to a sporting goods shop in Córdoba  and we have since evolved into one of the most relevant fintech companies in the country—always with a clear purpose: making financial inclusion a part of everyday life.Today  more than 9 million customers use our fully digital solutions to manage their money with free accounts  credit and debit cards  loans  savings  payments  investments  and insurance. In addition:More than 16 million active cards (Credit: Naranja X  Naranja X Visa  Naranja X Mastercard  and Naranja X American Express. Debit: Visa Naranja X). A network of 150 000 merchants—small  medium  and large—accept Naranja X cards. We also offer payment solutions to thousands of entrepreneurs nationwide through QR  payment links  Cobro Tap  and PIX.More than 2 million customers have taken out loans with Naranja X.More than 23 million “Frascos” (savings jars) created by over 3 million customers.An average portfolio of over 2 million insurance policies and assistance plans.A team of 2 600 people  with two development centers (Córdoba and Buenos Aires).Por tercer año consecutivo  1° puesto en el ranking Employers for Youth dirigido por FirstJob en el que participan más de 7.000 jóvenes de 70 empresas de Argentina.For the third consecutive year  we have ranked #1 in the Employers for Youth index conducted by FirstJob which surveys more than 7 000 young professionals across 70 companies in Argentina.About EntersektEntersekt  The Financial Authentication Company  provides financial institutions with digital banking fraud prevention and payment security solutions through its cross-channel  Context Aware™ Authentication platform that secures digital transactions and optimizes user experiences. Founded in 2010  Entersekt serves financial institutions around the world  and holds 120+ patents for its security innovations. In 2023  Entersekt acquired the Modirum 3-D Secure software business from Modirum  a security technology firm based in Helsinki  Finland  positioning Entersekt as a global industry leader in authentication solutions for financial services. Entersekt processes 8 bn+ transactions for 250m+ cardholders and 450 000+ merchants from nearly 900 banks in 70+ countries. Backed by companies like Silicon Valley-based Accel KKR  one of the world’s top private equity firms  Entersekt continues to expand its footprint across key regions. For more information  visit www.entersekt.com.,neutral,0.29,0.71,0.0,positive,0.61,0.39,0.0,True,English,"['Naranja X', 'payment security', 'Thales', 'dynamic, real-time risk conditions', '3-D Secure (3DS) protocol', 'high-level, risk-based authentication protocols', 'dynamic strong customer authentication', 'strong fraud protection', 'OOB) biometric authentication', 'online payments ecosystem', 'Proactive threat detection', 'silent background check', 'unified D1 SDK', 'technological ‘single point', 'safest possible experience', 'frictionless e-commerce environment', 'several major challenges', 'deep tech” innovations', 'five manufacturing plants', 'sporting goods shop', 'relevant fintech companies', 'seamless user experience', 'historical transaction context', 'multiple financial institutions', 'Access Control Server', 'payment authentication technology', 'innovative financial institutions', '3DS ACS technology', 'modern card issuance', 'global tech leader', 'Thales D1 Platform', 'advanced e-commerce security', 'step-up authentication', 'private institutions', 'technology companies', 'store-branded card', 'global leader', 'advanced technologies', 'user intervention', 'user behavior', 'transaction speed', 'innovative products', 'innovative projects', 'Thales platform', 'financial inclusion', 'technology partnership', 'Cutting-edge technology', 'Payment Services', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Naranja X', 'fraud-protection standards', 'cloud-based infrastructure', 'wallet tokenization', 'Apple Pay', 'Google Pay', 'fraudulent activity', 'Operational optimization', 'false declines', 'fraud-related costs', 'Higher conversion', 'immediate value', 'critical balance', 'Juan Pepa', 'Southern Cone', 'device geolocation', 'additional verification', 'one-time passwords', 'record time', 'Miguel Schillaci', 'Schalk Nolte', 'coming months', 'Euronext Paris', 'key areas', 'critical environments', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'cloud technologies', 'Latin America', 'six decades', 'Big Data', 'ten offices', 'service centres', 'strategic partnerships', 'sustainable growth', 'Córdoba', 'clear purpose', 'everyday life', 'free accoun', 'transaction services', 'digital bank', 'digital solutions', 'strategic implementation', 'industry-leading banking', 'successful implementation', 'The Group', 'quantum technology', 'new services', 'digital security', 'Digital sectors', 'Sales Director', '9 million customers', 'cloud-native solution', 'Atlanta', 'Entersekt', 'region', 'fintechs', 'business', 'transactions', 'issuers', 'processors', 'agility', 'anomaly', 'methods', 'OTP', 'band', 'tools', 'integration', 'Head', 'CEO', 'potency', 'synergy', 'providers', 'collaboration', 'testament', 'power', 'safer', 'position', 'LATAM', 'Defence', 'Aerospace', 'Cyber', 'portfolio', 'sovereignty', 'sustainability', 'year', 'Research', 'Development', '83,000 employees', '68 countries', 'presence', 'connectivity', 'future', 'company', '2,500 employees', '7 countries', 'Argentina', 'Bolivia', 'Brazil', 'Chile', 'Colombia', 'Mexico', 'Panama', 'engineering', 'ties', 'governments', 'public', 'airports', 'airlines', 'banks', 'telecommunications', 'barriers', 'millions', 'people', 'country', 'money']",2026-03-04,2026-03-05,globenewswire.com
