UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
55655,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/daryl-byrne-its-time-for-ireland-to-launch-a-simple-savings-and-investment-account/a892021642.html,Daryl Byrne: It’s time for Ireland to launch a simple savings and investment account,A staggering amount of money  €170bn  is currently sitting in bank deposits in Ireland. A large share of this is generating little or no return. Savings are barely growing and are actually being eroded in periods of high inflation.,It’s not enough to learn about investing; individuals need to experience it for real. Image: GettyA staggering amount of money  €170bn  is currently sitting in bank deposits in Ireland. A large share of this is generating little or no return. Savings are barely growing and are actually being eroded in periods of high inflation.When we invest in shares  ETFs or other financial instruments  we are not only trying to build our own wealth. We are also providing businesses with access to new sources of funding  helping them grow  create jobs and compete internationally.So what is holding us back from investing and earning higher long-term returns than those offered by bank deposits?One important part of the answer lies in Ireland’s current tax regime. Instead of incentivising long-term investing  it often does the opposite.Retail investors pay 33pc Capital Gains Tax on profits from their sale of shares. Diversified investments such as Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) are subject to an even higher 38pc exit tax.Ireland also applies the unusual eight-year “deemed disposal” rule. After eight years  investors in ETFs must pay tax on gains as if they had sold their investment  even if they haven’t. So investors are taxed on gains they have not yet realised  weakening the power of long-term compounding  and penalising diversified investing.Some 78pc of all European ETF assets are domiciled here  amounting to €1.8tn. This is a remarkable achievement yet they are essentially closed to Irish citizens for investing.The issue is not that Ireland taxes investment gains – all economies do. The problem is how we do so. Many countries actively encourage retail investment through tax-advantaged savings and investment vehicles – the ISA in the UK  the PEA in France  the PIR in Italy  and Sweden’s ISK. These initiatives recognise that household savings can play an important role in supporting domestic investment and economic growth.It’s not enough to learn about investing; individuals need to experience it for real.There was really strong energy in the room to get this established as soon as possibleThe European Commission is encouraging member states to develop tax-efficient investment vehicles to strengthen the Savings and Investments Union  and finance the green and digital transitions  but Ireland lacks a comparable framework. The Government’s proposed retail investment roadmap provides an opportunity to modernise Ireland’s investment framework.Earlier this week  the Government held its first savings and investment forum. There was really strong energy in the room to get this established as soon as possible. Having now canvassed views  Ireland needs to move swiftly to plan  design and implement the key components of a new savings and investment account regime  including the specific product features  taxation incentives and distribution channels.There is broad support for a Swedish-style model  but we need to move fast to identify any local elements to be included before it goes live in 2027.When the Irish REITs regime was set up  the industry came together with a vision  energy and determination that went from concept to live product in record time. We need a rinse and repeat of this model. The good news is that not only is the political drive strong  but there’s also a huge swell of support from many parts of the economy behind getting a savings and investment account regime up and running.Let’s tap into this now. Start with something simple to get it off the ground  and implement a regime that will benefit Irish citizens and households and fuel the growth of domestic enterprise. If we get this right  we’ll create a product that not only delivers for our generation  but for many generations to follow.Daryl Byrne is CEO of Euronext Dublin,neutral,0.24,0.75,0.01,mixed,0.39,0.17,0.43,True,English,"['Daryl Byrne', 'simple savings', 'investment account', 'time', 'Ireland', 'unusual eight-year “deemed disposal” rule', 'higher 38pc exit tax', '33pc Capital Gains Tax', 'other financial instruments', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'European ETF assets', 'higher long-term returns', 'current tax regime', 'One important part', 'The European Commission', 'Irish REITs regime', 'investment account regime', 'tax-efficient investment vehicles', 'specific product features', 'retail investment roadmap', 'important role', 'long-term compounding', 'Irish citizens', 'investment gains', 'domestic investment', 'investment framework', 'investment forum', 'staggering amount', 'bank deposits', 'large share', 'high inflation', 'new sources', 'Diversified investments', 'eight years', 'remarkable achievement', 'Many countries', 'member states', 'Investments Union', 'digital transitions', 'comparable framework', 'The Government', 'key components', 'taxation incentives', 'distribution channels', 'local elements', 'record time', 'good news', 'political drive', 'huge swell', 'many parts', 'domestic enterprise', 'many generations', 'Daryl Byrne', 'Euronext Dublin', 'long-term investing', 'Retail investors', 'strong energy', 'tax-advantaged savings', 'household savings', 'first savings', 'new savings', 'diversified investing', 'economic growth', 'broad support', 'Swedish-style model', 'individuals', 'Image', 'Getty', 'money', 'Ireland', 'little', 'periods', 'shares', 'ETFs', 'wealth', 'businesses', 'access', 'funding', 'jobs', 'answer', 'opposite', 'profits', 'sale', 'power', '78pc', 'issue', 'economies', 'problem', 'ISA', 'UK', 'France', 'PIR', 'Italy', 'Sweden', 'ISK', 'initiatives', 'room', 'green', 'opportunity', 'views', 'industry', 'vision', 'determination', 'concept', 'rinse', 'repeat', 'economy', 'something', 'ground', 'households', 'CEO']",2026-04-04,2026-04-05,independent.ie
