UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
23221,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/decisions-taken-sanoma-corporation-annual-152000738.html,Decisions taken by Sanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting and Board of Directors,Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  19 April 2023 at 18:20 EET Decisions taken by Sanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting and Board of Directors ...,Sanoma CorpSanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  19 April 2023 at 18:20 EETDecisions taken by Sanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting and Board of DirectorsSanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting (AGM) was held on 19 April 2023 in Helsinki. For the purposes of expanding the opportunities for shareholders’ participation  the opportunity was reserved for the shareholders to exercise their rights by voting in advance.The meeting adopted the Financial Statements  the Board of Directors’ Report and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2022 as well as discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability for the financial year 2022. In addition  the meeting made an advisory decision on the adoption of the Remuneration Policy and the Remuneration Report of the governing bodies.DividendThe AGM resolved that a dividend on EUR 0.37 per share shall be paid. The dividend shall be paid in three instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date 21 April 2023. The payment date for this instalment is 28 April 2023.The second instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid in September 2023. The second instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 4 September 2023.The third instalment of EUR 0.11 per share shall be paid in November 2023. The third instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 25 October 2023.Story continuesComposition of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM resolved that the number of the members of the Board of Directors shall be set at nine. Pekka Ala-Pietilä  Julian Drinkall  Rolf Grisebach  Anna Herlin  Mika Ihamuotila  Nils Ittonen  Denise Koopmans and Sebastian Langenskiöld were re-elected as members  and Eugenie van Wiechen was elected as a new member of the Board of Directors. Pekka Ala-Pietilä was elected as the Chair of the Board and Nils Ittonen as the Vice Chair. The term of all Board members ends at the end of the AGM 2024.Remuneration of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM resolved that the remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors remains unchanged. The monthly remunerations are EUR 12 000 for the Chair of the Board of Directors  EUR 7 000 for the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  and EUR 6 000 for the members of the Board of Directors.The meeting fees of the Board of Directors are:For Board members who reside outside Finland: EUR 1 000 / Board meeting where the member was present;For members of the Board of Directors who reside in Finland: No separate fee is paid for attending Board meetingsFor the Chairs of Board of Directors’ Committees: EUR 3 500 / Committee meeting participated;For Committee members who reside outside Finland: EUR 2 500 / Committee meeting where the member was present and EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated; andFor Committee members who reside in Finland: EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated.The meeting fees of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee remain unchanged and are:For the Chair of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee: EUR 3 500 / Committee meeting participated;For members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee who reside outside Finland: EUR 2 500 / Committee meeting where the member was present and EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated; andFor members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee who reside in Finland: EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated.AuditorThe AGM appointed audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy as the auditor of the Company with Samuli Perälä  Authorised Public Accountant  as the auditor with principal responsibility. The Auditor shall be reimbursed against invoice approved by the Company.Authorisation to repurchase Company’s own sharesThe AGM authorised the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of a maximum of 16 000 000 of the Company’s own shares (approx. 9.8% of all shares of the Company) in one or several instalments. The shares shall be repurchased with funds from the Company's unrestricted shareholders’ equity  and the repurchases shall reduce funds available for distribution of profits. The authorisation will be valid until 30 June 2024 and it terminates the corresponding authorisation granted by the AGM 2022.The shares shall be repurchased to develop the Company’s capital structure  to carry out or finance potential corporate acquisitions or other business arrangements or agreements  to be used as a part of the Company’s incentive programme or to be otherwise conveyed further  retained as treasury shares  or cancelled.Authorisation to issue shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe AGM authorised the Board of Directors to decide on issuance of new shares and the conveyance of the Company's own shares held by the Company (treasury shares) and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as specified in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. Option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as specified in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act may not be granted as part of the Company’s incentive programme. The Board will be entitled to decide on the issuance of a maximum of 16 000 000 new shares (approx. 9.8% of all shares of the Company) as well as conveyance of a maximum of 21 000 000 treasury shares held by the Company in one or several instalments. The issuance of shares  the conveyance of treasury shares and the granting of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares may be done in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right (directed issue). The authorisation will be valid until 30 June 2024 and it will replace the corresponding authorisation granted by the AGM 2022.Amendments to the Articles of AssociationThe AGM resolved that § 10 of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended to enable holding a general meeting of shareholders entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting and that the notice to the meeting may be published only on the Company’s website. Furthermore  §§ 11−12 will be abolished (as the substantive contents is incorporate into the revised § 10).Decisions by the Board of DirectorsIn its organisation meeting held after the AGM  the Board of Directors decided to appoint from among its members the following members to its committees:Audit Committee: Denise Koopmans (Chair)  Mika Ihamuotila  Nils Ittonen  Sebastian LangenskiöldHuman Resources Committee: Julian Drinkall (Chair)  Rolf Grisebach  Anna Herlin  Sebastian LangenskiöldIn addition to the Audit Committee and Human Resources Committee  the Board of Directors has  according to its Charter  an Executive Committee. The Executive Committee consists of the Chair and Vice Chair of the Board  the President and CEO and at Chair’s invitation one or several members of the Board. In 2023  the Executive Committee will comprise Pekka Ala-Pietilä (Chair)  Nils Ittonen and Susan Duinhoven.Additional informationKaisa Uurasmaa  Head of Investor Relations and Sustainability  tel. +358 40 560 5601SanomaSanoma is an innovative and agile learning and media company impacting the lives of millions every day. Our Sustainability Strategy is designed to maximise our positive ‘brainprint’ on society and to minimise our environmental footprint. We are committed to the UN Sustainable Development Goals and signatory to the UN Global Compact.Our learning products and services enable teachers to develop the talents of every child to reach their full potential. We offer printed and digital learning content as well as digital learning and teaching platforms for primary  secondary and vocational education  and want to grow our business.Our Finnish media provide independent journalism and engaging entertainment also for generations to come. Our unique cross-media position offers the widest reach and tailored marketing solutions for our business partners.Today  we operate in twelve European countries and employ more than 5 000 professionals. In 2022  our net sales amounted to approx. 1.3bn€ and our operational EBIT margin excl. PPA was 14.6%. Sanoma shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. More information is available at sanoma.com .,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.38,0.34,0.28,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Sebastian Langenskiöld', 'Eugenie van Wiechen', 'Samuli Perälä', 'Authorised Public Accountant', 'potential corporate acquisitions', 'other business arrangements', 'unrestricted shareholders’ equity', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Committee', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'dividend record date', 'shareholders’ participation', 'Committee meeting', 'payment date', 'Sanoma Corp', 'Financial Statements', 'advisory decision', 'governing bodies', 'three instalments', 'Pekka Ala-Pietilä', 'Julian Drinkall', 'Rolf Grisebach', 'Anna Herlin', 'Mika Ihamuotila', 'Nils Ittonen', 'Denise Koopmans', 'monthly remunerations', 'separate fee', 'audit firm', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'principal responsibility', 'several instalments', 'capital structure', 'incentive programme', 'meeting fees', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'third instalment', 'Committee members', 'financial year', 'Remuneration Policy', 'shareholder register', 'Vice Chair', 'corresponding authorisation', 'The AGM', 'new member', 'Board meetings', 'Remuneration Report', 'Directors’ Committees', 'Directors’ Report', 'Board members', 'April', '18:20 EET', 'Decisions', 'Helsinki', 'purposes', 'opportunities', 'opportunity', 'rights', 'advance', 'Auditor', 'President', 'CEO', 'liability', 'addition', 'adoption', 'Company', 'September', 'November', '25 October', 'Story', 'Composition', 'number', 'term', 'Chairs', 'invoice', 'shares', 'repurchase', 'maximum', 'funds', 'distribution', 'profits', '30 June', 'agreements', '1,500']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23222,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-attend-2023-annual-general-110000661.html,Notice to attend the 2023 Annual General Meeting of Fingerprint Cards AB (publ),The shareholders of Fingerprint Cards AB (publ)  Corp. Reg. No. 556154-2381 (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”)  are hereby invited to attend the...,"Fingerprint Cards ABThe shareholders of Fingerprint Cards AB (publ)  Corp. Reg. No. 556154-2381 (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”)  are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting (“AGM"" or the “Meeting”) to be held at 3:00 p.m. on Wednesday  May 24  2023  in Celsiussalen  Citykonferensen  Malmskillnadsgatan 46  Stockholm  Sweden.The Board of Directors has decided  pursuant to the Company’s articles of association  that shareholders shall also have the right to exercise their voting rights by postal voting. Shareholders may therefore choose to exercise their voting rights at the Meeting by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting.A. Right to participate in the MeetingIn order to participate in the Meeting  a shareholder shall:be registered in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Monday  May 15  2023  and give notice of attendance at the Meeting to the Company in accordance with the instructions set out in the section “B. Notice of attendance for participating in person or through a proxy” no later than on Wednesday  May 17  2023  or submit a postal vote in accordance with the instructions set out in the section “C. Voting by post” no later than on Wednesday  May 17  2023.To be entitled to participate in the Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation or submit a postal vote  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register on Monday  May 15  2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed not later than Wednesday  May 17  2023  are taken into account when preparing the share register.B. Notice of attendance for participating in person or through a proxyStory continuesShareholders who wish to participate in the Meeting in person or through a proxy must notify the Company of their intention to attend the Meeting no later than Wednesday  May 17  2023  either via www.fingerprints.com/agm2023  by telephone +46 (0) 771-24 64 00  by e-mail to proxy@computershare.se or by mail to: Computershare AB  ""Fingerprint Cards AB AGM 2023""  P.O. Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden.On giving notice of attendance  shareholders must state their name  personal or corporate identity number  address  telephone number  e-mail address and details of their shareholdings and any attending advisors. A proxy form for shareholders wishing to participate via proxy will be available on the Company’s website  www.fingerprints.com/agm2023. Shareholders represented by proxy must issue a dated power of attorney authorizing the representation. If a power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a certified copy of the registration certificate or the equivalent for the issuing legal entity must be appended. To facilitate the entrance  the power of attorney and registration certificate must be sent by mail to the Company at the above-stated address in due time prior to the Meeting. A power of attorney must be presented in original. It is valid for no more than a year from issuance unless a longer period is stated in the power of attorney  however no more than five years from the issuance.C. Voting by postShareholders who wish to exercise their voting rights at the Meeting by postal voting shall use any of the methods listed below.Website Voting: Voting may be submitted electronically through signing with BankID on the Company’s website  www.fingerprints.com/agm2023.E-mail Voting: Voting may be submitted by completing the voting form available on the Company’s website  www.fingerprints.com/agm2023  and then e-mailing such form to the email address proxy@computershare.se  together with any power of attorney and/or other authorization documents (see below).Regular Mail: Voting may be submitted by completing the voting form available on the Company’s website  www.fingerprints.com/agm2023  and after completion sending a physical copy (i.e.  printed out) of such form  together with any power of attorney and/or other authorization documents (see below) to the following address: Computershare AB  ”Fingerprint Cards AGM 2023”  Box 5267  102 46 Stockholm  Sweden.A shareholder cannot give any other instructions than selecting one of the options specified at each point in the voting form. A vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid if the shareholder has modified the form to provide specific instructions or conditions or if pre-printed text is amended or supplemented.The voting form  together with any enclosed power of attorney and other authorization documentation  must have been received by Computershare AB no later than Wednesday  May 17  2023. If received later  the vote will be disregarded.Those who wish to withdraw a submitted postal vote and instead exercise their voting rights by participating in the Meeting in person or through a proxy must give notice thereof to the Meeting’s secretariat prior to the opening of the Meeting.If the shareholder votes by proxy  a power of attorney shall be enclosed with the voting form. A proxy form for shareholders wishing to participate via proxy will be available from the Company’s website  www.fingerprints.com/agm2023. If a power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a certified copy of the registration certificate or the equivalent for the issuing legal entity must be appended.For any questions regarding postal voting  please contact Computershare AB  telephone +46 (0) 771 24 64 00  weekdays between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. (CET).D. Matters to be addressed at the MeetingProposed agenda:1) Opening of the Meeting2) Election of Chairman of the Meeting3) Preparation and approval of the voting list4) Approval of the agenda5) Election of two persons to attest the minutes6) Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened7) The President’s presentation8) Presentation of the submitted Annual Report and the Auditor's Report  and the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Auditor's Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements9) Resolutions regarding:a) adoption of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet  and the Consolidated Income Statement and Consolidated Balance Sheetb) appropriation of the Company's profit/loss according to the adopted Balance Sheetc) discharge from liability of the Board of Directors and the President10) Approval av the remuneration report11) Determination of the number of Board members and Auditors12) Determination of remuneration of Board members13) Determination of remuneration of the Auditors14) Election of Board members and Chairman of the Board15) Election of Auditors16) Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization of the Board to decide on the repurchase and transfer of Class B treasury shares17) Board of Directors' proposal regarding authorization of the Board to decide on the issue of new shares with or without preferential rights for the shareholdersa) authorization of 20 per centb) authorization of 10 per cent18) Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization of the Board to execute minor adjustments19) Closing of the MeetingProposals for resolutionNomination Committee´s proposals concerning items 2  1 1 – 1 5 on the agendaThe Nomination Committee has been formed in accordance with the resolution passed by the 2022 AGM and comprises Christian Lagerling (Chairman of the Board of Directors)  Johan Carlström (shareholder)  Helen Fasth Gillstedt (appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder) and Tony Turujlija (shareholder).Item 2 – Election of Chairman of the MeetingThe Nomination Committee proposes that attorney-at-law Björn Kristiansson be appointed Chairman of the AGM.Item 11 – Determination of the number of Board members and AuditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Board of Directors comprise of six (6) regular members and no deputy members. The Nomination Committee proposes that the number of auditors shall be one registered firm of accountants and one auditor with no deputy auditor.Item 12 – Determination of remuneration of Board membersThe Nomination Committee proposes that the fees paid to each member of the Board are not increased compared to the previous term. This means that the Nomination Committee proposes that the Board of Directors be paid fees totaling SEK 2 150 000  of which SEK 675 000 to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 295 000 to each other member of the Board.Furthermore  fees for work on committees is proposed in an unchanged amount of SEK 450 000  to be distributed as follows.Audit Committee: SEK 135 000 to the Chairman and SEK 70 000 to each other member.Remuneration Committee: SEK 85 000 to the Chairman and SEK 45 000 to each other member.Item 13 – Determination of remuneration of the AuditorsRemuneration of auditors is to be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Item 14 – Election of Board members and Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes re-election of Christian Lagerling  Alexander Kotsinas  Dimitrij Titov and Juan Vallejo and election of Mario Shiliashki and Adam Philpott as Board members. It is proposed that Christian Lagerling is re-elected as Chairman of the Board. Ted Elvhage has declined re-election as Board member.Information on the members proposed for new election can be found in the Nomination Committee’s proposals and motivated opinion which is available on the Company’s website  www.fingerprints.com/agm2023. Information on the members proposed for re-election can be found in the corporate governance section on the Company’s website  www.fingerprints.com.Item 15 – Election of AuditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that  in accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  the registered firm of accountants BDO Mälardalen AB  with the Authorized Public Accountant Johan Pharmanson as Auditor-in-Charge  and the Authorized Public Accountant Carl-Johan Kjellman  BDO Mälardalen AB  are re-elected as auditors for a term of office of one year up until the end of the next AGM. Information about BDO Mälardalen AB  Johan Pharmanson and Carl-Johan Kjellman is available at www.bdo.se.Board of Directors' proposals concerning items 9 b  10   1 6 – 1 8 on the agendaItem 9b – Appropriation of the Company's profitsThe Board of Directors proposes that the net profit for the year and retained earnings be appropriated in accordance with the motion in the Annual Report. The proposal entails that no dividend will be paid.Item 10 – Approval of the remuneration reportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors’ report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 16 – Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization of the Board to decide on the repurchase and transfer of Class B treasury sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Meeting authorizes the Board to repurchase  on one or several occasions up until the next AGM  as many Class B shares in the Company as may be purchased without the Company's holding at any time exceeding ten (10) per cent of the total number of outstanding shares in the Company. The acquisitions shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm and only at a price per share within the share price interval registered at that time  which means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash.It is also proposed that the Board of Directors be authorized to resolve  on one or several occasions up until the next AGM  to transfer the Company's Class B shares  deviating from the shareholders' preferential rights. Transfers of Class B shares can take place on Nasdaq Stockholm. Transfer may also be made in other ways  against cash payment or against payment through set-off or contribution in kind  or otherwise with conditions. Transfers may be made of no more Class B shares than the number of such shares held by the Company at the time of the Board's decision regarding transfer. Transfers on Nasdaq Stockholm may only be carried out at a price per share within the share price interval registered at that time  which means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. If transferred otherwise than on Nasdaq Stockholm  the share price shall be established so that it is not below market terms. However  a discount to the stock market price may apply  in line with market practice.The purpose of the authorizations is to promote efficient capital usage in the Company and to create flexibility in the Company's ability to seize attractive business opportunities by wholly or partly financing acquisitions of companies or business operations through the transfer of own shares.Item 17 – Board of Directors' proposal regarding authorization of the Board to decide on the issue of new shares with or without preferential rights for the shareholdersa) authorization of 20 per centThe Board of Directors proposes that the Meeting authorizes the Board to resolve  on one or several occasions up until the next AGM  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  on new issues of Class B shares  warrants and/or convertibles entitling to subscription of Class B shares  corresponding to no more than twenty (20) per cent of the total number of outstanding shares in the Company on the day of publication of this notice. The authorization shall also include a right to resolve on a new issue of shares  warrants and/or convertibles against payment through set-off or contribution in kind or otherwise with conditions in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act.Issue of share against payment in cash or through set-off with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights shall be carried out on market terms.The purpose of the proposal and the option to deviate from the shareholders' preferential rights is to provide flexibility in connection with possible raise(s) of capital or acquisitions of companies or business operations.b) authorization of 10 per centIn the event that the Meeting does not approve the proposal for authorization of 20 per cent under item a) above  the Board of Directors proposes that the Meeting authorizes the Board to resolve  on one or several occasions up until the next AGM  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  on new issues of Class B shares  warrants and/or convertibles entitling to subscription of Class B shares  corresponding to no more than ten (10) per cent of the total number of outstanding shares in the Company on the day of publication of this notice. The authorization shall also include a right to resolve on a new issue of shares  warrants and/or convertibles against payment through set-off or contribution in kind or otherwise with conditions in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act.Issue of share against payment in cash or through set-off with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights shall be carried out on market terms.The purpose of the proposal and the option to deviate from the shareholders' preferential rights is to provide flexibility in connection with possible raise(s) of capital or acquisitions of companies or business operations.Item 18 – Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization of the Board to execute minor adjustmentsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Meeting authorizes the Board  or such person appointed by the Board  to make minor adjustments to the resolutions passed at the AGM should they be required in conjunction with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear Sweden AB.E. Majority requirementsA valid resolution under items 16 and 17 above requires the support of not less than two-thirds of both the votes cast and the number of shares represented at the AGM.F. Shareholders’ right to request informationShareholders are reminded of their right pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act to request that the Board of Directors and CEO provide information at the AGM in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda. The obligation to provide information also applies to the Company’s relationship to other group companies. Information must be provided if possible to provide such information without significant harm to the Company.G. Documentation and number of shares and votesDocumentation will be available at the Company and on its website  www.fingerprints.com/agm2023  no later than three weeks prior to the Meeting. These documents will also be sent to shareholders requesting such documentation and who have provided their postal address.On the date of publication of this official notification  the total number of shares in the Company is 424 492 719 (7 875 000 A-shares and 416 617 719 B-shares). The total number of votes is 495 367 719. The Company holds 3 800 000 own B-shares.H. Processing of personal dataFor information on how personal data is processed in connection with the Meeting  see the privacy notices of Euroclear Sweden AB and Computershare AB available on their respective websites  www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf and www.computershare.com/se/gm-gdpr.____________________Gothenburg  April 2023Fingerprint Cards AB (publ)Board of DirectorsAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.18,0.53,True,English,"['2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Fingerprint Cards AB', 'Notice', 'Fingerprint Cards AB AGM', 'Fingerprint Cards AGM', 'Corp. Reg. No.', 'other authorization documents', 'other authorization documentation', 'corporate identity number', 'P.O. Box', 'issuing legal entity', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Voting right registrations', 'Computershare AB', 'Such registration', 'registration certificate', 'other instructions', 'telephone number', 'attending advisors', 'certified copy', 'longer period', 'five years', 'physical copy', 'voting rights', 'postal voting', 'postal vote', 'share register', 'email address', 'following address', 'voting form', 'due time', 'a year', 'Regular Mail', 'specific instructions', 'C. Voting', 'mail Voting', 'Website Voting', 'dated power', 'B. Notice', 'proxy form', 'A.', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Company', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'Celsiussalen', 'Citykonferensen', 'Malmskillnadsgatan', 'Stockholm', 'Board', 'Directors', 'articles', 'association', 'person', 'order', 'Monday', 'attendance', 'accordance', 'section', 'shares', 'name', 'nominee', 'addition', 'notification', 'participation', 'procedures', 'advance', 'account', 'Story', 'intention', 'fingerprints', 'SE-102', 'details', 'shareholdings', 'attorney', 'representation', 'equivalent', 'entrance', 'original', 'issuance', 'methods', 'BankID', 'completion', 'options', 'point', 'entirety', 'conditions', 'text', '3:00']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23223,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAVOSOLAR-OYJ-39436098/news/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Savosolar-Plc-43539313/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Savosolar Plc,(marketscreener.com) Savosolar Plc Company Release                            19 April 2023 at 12.30 p.m. Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Savosolar Plc Notice is given to the shareholders of Savosolar Plc. to the Annual...https://www.marketscreener.co…,Savosolar PlcCompany Release 19 April 2023 at 12.30 p.m. (CEST)Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Savosolar PlcNotice is given to the shareholders of Savosolar Plc. to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  10 May 2023 at 14.00 (EET) at Rake-Sali Ball Room  address Erottajankatu 4C  Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 13.30 (EET).A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts that includes group annual accounts and annual report as well as the auditor's report for the year 2022- Review by the CEO7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Loss shown on the balance sheet and resolution on the payment of dividendsThe Board of Directors proposes that the net loss of EUR -4 998 487.33 be transferred to retained earnings / loss account and that no dividend be paid.9. Resolution on the discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO10. Resolution on remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 71 92% per cent of the company's shares and votes propose that the members of the Board of Directors to be elected be paid the following remuneration for the term that begins at the end of the Annual General Meeting and ends at the end of the next Annual General Meeting: EUR 21 600 for the Chairman of the Board and EUR 10 800 for each of the other members of the Board. Ms. Kati Ihamäki  who is proposed to the Board of Directors and whose membership would begin based on the proposal on 1 November 2023  would be entitled to 1/2 of the resolved Board remuneration.According to the proposal approximately 40 per cent of the remuneration to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors will be paid by giving to the Board members company's new shares based on the Board of Directors’ share issue authorization and approximately 60 per cent in cash. Cash portion of the remuneration is proposed to be paid in 12 monthly instalments to the extent it exceeds the amount of tax withholding from the remuneration. The number of remuneration shares will be determined on the basis of the value of the company's share in First North Growth Market Finland as follows: the volume weighted average price of the Savosolar Plc’s share within two (2) weeks following the publication of the half-year report for the period 1 January - 30 June 2023 will be used as the value of share.Alternatively  if so resolved by the Board of Directors  the remuneration shares can be purchased in the name of and on behalf of the Board members. In such case the company will pay any costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of the company shares.If the shares cannot be given due to insider regulations during the before mentioned time periods  the shares shall be given outright once it is possible in accordance with the insider regulations in force at that time. Members of the Board of Directors are not allowed to transfer the shares obtained as remuneration before their membership in the Board has endedIt is also proposed the members of the Board of Directors are reimbursed for reasonable travel and lodging costs. Travel and lodging costs are not compensated to those members of the Board of Directors who reside in the greater Helsinki area when the meetings are held in the greater Helsinki area.11. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 71 92% per cent of the company's shares and votes propose that six (6) members be elected to the Board of Directors.12. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 71 92% per cent of the company's shares and votes propose that Mr. Jussi Mälkiä and Mr. Ville Jussila of the current members of the Board of Directors be re-elected and existing CEO of the company Mr. Jari Varjotie (whose role as CEO will end on 11 May 2023)  Mr. Feodor Aminoff  Ms. Kati Ihamäki and Mr. Timi Hyppänen be elected as new members of the Board of Directors according to their consents. In deviation from the other members of the Board of Directors  Ms. Kati Ihamäki’s membership in the Board of Directors would begin on 1 November 2023. The term of office of the members of the Board of Directors ends at the closing of the Annual General Meeting following the election.Feodor Aminoff (Civil engineer  industrial  b. 1969)Feodor Aminoff acts as managing partner at Finnish Impact Investment Ltd and as acting chairman of Board of Oy Provator Ab and as Board member in several other companies. During 2012-2015 Aminoff acted as CEO of Cleantech Invest Oyj (publ.)  2005-2008 as CEO of Please User Experience Design Oy  200-2004 in the management team of IDO Group (part of Sanitec Oyj at the time) and 1994-1999 as project manager at KCI Konecranes Oyj (publ.). Aminoff also acts as Board member in  among other companies  Veho Oy and Nylund Group.Kati Ihamäki (BSc Business Administration and Economics  MSc Corporate Environmental Management  b. 1968)Kati Ihamäki works as VP Sustainability at Fiskars Group. Before Fiskars Group  she worked at OP Financial Group as VP Brand and corporate responsibility and in various positions at Finnair  where she was Director of Corporate Sustainability for the last few years and actively participated to the sustainability and advocacy work of international industry associations. In addition  Ihamäki is a Board member of St1 Nordic  member of Finnish Chambers of Commerce Corporate Responsibility council and Chair for Association for Finnish work.Timi Hyppänen (Paper technology  MSc and MBA  b. 1975)Timi Hyppänen is currently working in Metsä Fibre Oy as Senior Vice President Supply Chain and member of the company management board. Hyppänen has previously been working as Vice President Indirect Purchasing in Metsä Group corporation 2018-2019  Vice President Purhasing in Metsä Fibre 2013-2018  Omya Oy sales and technology manager 2008-2013 and technical service manager in Omya AG corporation in Switzerland.13. Resolution on remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor’s fees be paid according to the auditor’s reasonable invoice approved by the company.14. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that auditing firm KPMG Oy Ab be elected as the company's auditor. KPMG Oy Ab has informed that the principal auditor will be Mr. Henry Maarala  Authorised Public Accountant. The term of office of the auditor ends at the closing of the Annual General Meeting following the election.15. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the following changes be made to the company's Articles of Association:Section 1 of the Articles of Association (Business name and domicile) is amended to read as follows:§ 1 Business name and domicileThe company's business name is Meriaura Group Oyj  Meriaura Group Abp in Swedish and Meriaura Group Plc in English. The company’s domicile is Turku.Section 6 of the Articles of Association (Auditors) is amended to read as follows:§ 6 AuditorsThe company must have an auditor who is an audit firm approved by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office. The auditor's term of office ends at the end of the first annual general meeting following the election.16. Transfer of Savosolar Plc's business to a subsidiaryThe Board of Directors proposes that it be authorized to decide on a possible business transfer  in which the company's current solar heating business would be transferred in whole or in part to the company's wholly owned subsidiary Meriaura Energy Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that it be authorized to decide on all terms of a possible business transfer.17. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe annual accounts of Savosolar Plc. that includes group annual accounts and annual report  the auditor's report as well as this notice including the proposals made to the General Meeting are available on Savosolar Plc.’s website at www.savosolar.com. The documents mentioned above are also available at the meeting. Minutes of the General Meeting are available on the above-mentioned website as from 24 May 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on 28 April 2023 in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her/its personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than 5 May 2023 at 16.00  by which time the registration shall be received. The registration may take place:at Savosolar Plc.’s website at www.savosolar.com; by e-mail to address aulikki.hynonen@savosolar.com; by phone to number +358 10 271 0810 (Tue-Fri at 9 a.m.-3 p.m. (EET)) or by mail to Savosolar Plc.  General Meeting  Insinöörinkatu 7  50150 Mikkeli.In connection with the registration a shareholder shall notify his/her/its name  personal identification number  address  email address and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Savosolar Plc. is used only in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of related necessary registrations and for shareholder communication. Shareholder  his/her/its representative or proxy representative shall  when necessary  be able to prove his/her/its identity and/or right of representation.2. Nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of shares based on which he/she/it on the record date of the meeting  i.e. on 28 April 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder has on the basis of such shares been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. at the latest on 5 May 2023 by 10.00 (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised without delay to request necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholder’s register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from his/her/its custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest on the date and time mentioned above.3. Shares registered at Euroclear Sweden ABShareholder whose shares are registered in the securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB and who wants to participate in the General Meeting and use his/her/its voting right  shall be registered at the shareholder’s register held by Euroclear Sweden AB on 28 April 2023 at the latest.In order to be entitled to request for temporary registration in the shareholder’s register of Savosolar Plc. held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  a shareholder of nominee-registered shares shall request that his/her/its shares are temporarily registered under his/her/its own name in the shareholder’s register held by Euroclear Sweden AB and to ensure that the custodian bank will send the above-mentioned request for temporary registration to Euroclear Sweden AB. The registration shall be made on 28 April 2023at the latest  and therefore a shareholder shall give the request to his/her/its custodian bank in good time prior to the above date.Shareholder  whose shares are registered in the securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB and who intends to participate in the General Meeting and use his/her/its voting right  shall request for a temporary registration of his/her shares to the shareholder’s register of Savosolar Plc. held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The request to Savosolar Plc. shall be made in written at the latest on 1 May 2023 at 10.00 Swedish time. The temporary registration through Savosolar Plc. constitutes a due registration to the General Meeting.4. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her/its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise provide reliable evidence of the right to represent the shareholder. The authorization applies to one meeting  unless otherwise stated. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible proxy documents should be delivered to in originals to Savosolar Plc.  General Meeting  Insinöörinkatu 7  50150 Mikkeli  Finland before the end of the registration period.5. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5 Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be handled at the meeting.The language of the meeting is Finnish. Part of the material to be presented in the meeting may be in English.On the date of the notice to the General Meeting  19 April 2023  the total number of shares in Savosolar Plc. is 800 102 141. Each share carries one vote at General Meeting.In Helsinki  19 April 2023SAVOSOLAR PLCBoard of DirectorsFor more information:Savosolar PlcManaging Director Jari VarjotiePhone: +358 400 419 734E-mail: jari.varjotie@savosolar.comSavosolar in briefSavosolar has two business areas: Marine Logistics and Renewable Energy.Marine Logistics (Meriaura Oy) is a major provider of transport for bulk cargo and demanding project deliveries in Northern Europe  especially in the Baltic Sea and North Sea regions. The company provides its customers with competitive and environmentally sustainable marine transport services  which also reduce carbon emissions from marine transport. Its long-term affreightment agreements  modern fleet and strong market position in renewable energy construction projects enable freight that supports environmentally friendly solutions. As part of Marine Logistics  VG-EcoFuel Oy produces recycled biofuels from bio-oils and recycled oils generated as industrial by-products.The Renewable Energy (Savosolar Oyj) designs and delivers clean energy production systems as comprehensive deliveries. The systems are built around large-scale solar thermal systems implemented using high-performance solar heat collectors manufactured by the company. Other energy production and storage technologies can also be combined with the systems. The company has taken solar thermal technology to a new level  and its collectors have patented nano-coated direct flow absorbers. With this leading technology  Savosolar enables its customers to produce clean and competitive energy.Savosolar’s shares are listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden under the ticker symbol SAVOS and on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland under the ticker symbol SAVOH. www.savosolar.comThe company’s Certified Adviser is Augment Partners AB  info@augment.se  tel. +46 8-604 22 55.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Savosolar Plc', 'Notice', 'First North Growth Market Finland', 'Ms. Kati Ihamäki', 'volume weighted average price', 'Finnish Impact Investment Ltd', 'Mr. Jussi Mälkiä', 'Mr. Timi Hyppänen', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Directors’ share issue authorization', 'Savosolar Plc Company Release', 'Mr. Ville Jussila', 'Mr. Jari Varjotie', 'Rake-Sali Ball Room', 'Oy Provator Ab', 'Cleantech Invest Oyj', 'greater Helsinki area', 'several other companies', 'group annual accounts', 'Mr. Feodor Aminoff', 'Savosolar Plc.', 'annual report', 'Board members company', 'Erottajankatu 4C', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', '71,92% per cent', '40 per cent', '60 per cent', '12 monthly instalments', 'two (2) weeks', 'insider regulations', 'Civil engineer', 'managing partner', 'Please User', 'other members', 'net loss', 'loss account', 'half-year report', 'lodging costs', 'Cash portion', 'transfer tax', 'time periods', 'reasonable travel', 'acting chairman', 'six (6) members', 'current members', 'new members', 'following remuneration', 'new shares', 'existing CEO', 'company shares', 'remuneration shares', 'Board remuneration', 'April', 'CEST', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'address', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'Review', 'resolution', 'payment', 'dividends', 'earnings', 'discharge', 'liability', 'term', 'membership', 'proposal', '1 November', 'extent', 'amount', 'number', 'basis', 'value', 'publication', '1 January', '30 June', 'name', 'behalf', 'case', 'purchase', 'accordance', 'force', 'meetings', 'role', 'consents', 'deviation', 'office', 'closing', 'industrial', '12.30', '14.', '13.30']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23224,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2649821/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Savosolar-Plc.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Savosolar Plc,Savosolar Plc Company Release                            19 April 2023 at 12.30 p.m. (CEST) Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Savosolar Plc Notice...,English FinnishSavosolar PlcCompany Release 19 April 2023 at 12.30 p.m. (CEST)Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Savosolar PlcNotice is given to the shareholders of Savosolar Plc. to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  10 May 2023 at 14.00 (EET) at Rake-Sali Ball Room  address Erottajankatu 4C  Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 13.30 (EET).A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts that includes group annual accounts and annual report as well as the auditor's report for the year 2022- Review by the CEO7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Loss shown on the balance sheet and resolution on the payment of dividendsThe Board of Directors proposes that the net loss of EUR -4 998 487.33 be transferred to retained earnings / loss account and that no dividend be paid.9. Resolution on the discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO10. Resolution on remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 71 92% per cent of the company's shares and votes propose that the members of the Board of Directors to be elected be paid the following remuneration for the term that begins at the end of the Annual General Meeting and ends at the end of the next Annual General Meeting: EUR 21 600 for the Chairman of the Board and EUR 10 800 for each of the other members of the Board. Ms. Kati Ihamäki  who is proposed to the Board of Directors and whose membership would begin based on the proposal on 1 November 2023  would be entitled to 1/2 of the resolved Board remuneration.According to the proposal approximately 40 per cent of the remuneration to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors will be paid by giving to the Board members company's new shares based on the Board of Directors’ share issue authorization and approximately 60 per cent in cash. Cash portion of the remuneration is proposed to be paid in 12 monthly instalments to the extent it exceeds the amount of tax withholding from the remuneration. The number of remuneration shares will be determined on the basis of the value of the company's share in First North Growth Market Finland as follows: the volume weighted average price of the Savosolar Plc’s share within two (2) weeks following the publication of the half-year report for the period 1 January - 30 June 2023 will be used as the value of share.Alternatively  if so resolved by the Board of Directors  the remuneration shares can be purchased in the name of and on behalf of the Board members. In such case the company will pay any costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of the company shares.If the shares cannot be given due to insider regulations during the before mentioned time periods  the shares shall be given outright once it is possible in accordance with the insider regulations in force at that time. Members of the Board of Directors are not allowed to transfer the shares obtained as remuneration before their membership in the Board has endedIt is also proposed the members of the Board of Directors are reimbursed for reasonable travel and lodging costs. Travel and lodging costs are not compensated to those members of the Board of Directors who reside in the greater Helsinki area when the meetings are held in the greater Helsinki area.11. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 71 92% per cent of the company's shares and votes propose that six (6) members be elected to the Board of Directors.12. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 71 92% per cent of the company's shares and votes propose that Mr. Jussi Mälkiä and Mr. Ville Jussila of the current members of the Board of Directors be re-elected and existing CEO of the company Mr. Jari Varjotie (whose role as CEO will end on 11 May 2023)  Mr. Feodor Aminoff  Ms. Kati Ihamäki and Mr. Timi Hyppänen be elected as new members of the Board of Directors according to their consents. In deviation from the other members of the Board of Directors  Ms. Kati Ihamäki’s membership in the Board of Directors would begin on 1 November 2023. The term of office of the members of the Board of Directors ends at the closing of the Annual General Meeting following the election.Feodor Aminoff (Civil engineer  industrial  b. 1969)Feodor Aminoff acts as managing partner at Finnish Impact Investment Ltd and as acting chairman of Board of Oy Provator Ab and as Board member in several other companies. During 2012-2015 Aminoff acted as CEO of Cleantech Invest Oyj (publ.)  2005-2008 as CEO of Please User Experience Design Oy  200-2004 in the management team of IDO Group (part of Sanitec Oyj at the time) and 1994-1999 as project manager at KCI Konecranes Oyj (publ.). Aminoff also acts as Board member in  among other companies  Veho Oy and Nylund Group.Kati Ihamäki (BSc Business Administration and Economics  MSc Corporate Environmental Management  b. 1968)Kati Ihamäki works as VP Sustainability at Fiskars Group. Before Fiskars Group  she worked at OP Financial Group as VP Brand and corporate responsibility and in various positions at Finnair  where she was Director of Corporate Sustainability for the last few years and actively participated to the sustainability and advocacy work of international industry associations. In addition  Ihamäki is a Board member of St1 Nordic  member of Finnish Chambers of Commerce Corporate Responsibility council and Chair for Association for Finnish work.Timi Hyppänen (Paper technology  MSc and MBA  b. 1975)Timi Hyppänen is currently working in Metsä Fibre Oy as Senior Vice President Supply Chain and member of the company management board. Hyppänen has previously been working as Vice President Indirect Purchasing in Metsä Group corporation 2018-2019  Vice President Purhasing in Metsä Fibre 2013-2018  Omya Oy sales and technology manager 2008-2013 and technical service manager in Omya AG corporation in Switzerland.13. Resolution on remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor’s fees be paid according to the auditor’s reasonable invoice approved by the company.14. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that auditing firm KPMG Oy Ab be elected as the company's auditor. KPMG Oy Ab has informed that the principal auditor will be Mr. Henry Maarala  Authorised Public Accountant. The term of office of the auditor ends at the closing of the Annual General Meeting following the election.15. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the following changes be made to the company's Articles of Association:Section 1 of the Articles of Association (Business name and domicile) is amended to read as follows:§ 1 Business name and domicileThe company's business name is Meriaura Group Oyj  Meriaura Group Abp in Swedish and Meriaura Group Plc in English. The company’s domicile is Turku.Section 6 of the Articles of Association (Auditors) is amended to read as follows:§ 6 AuditorsThe company must have an auditor who is an audit firm approved by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office. The auditor's term of office ends at the end of the first annual general meeting following the election.16. Transfer of Savosolar Plc's business to a subsidiaryThe Board of Directors proposes that it be authorized to decide on a possible business transfer  in which the company's current solar heating business would be transferred in whole or in part to the company's wholly owned subsidiary Meriaura Energy Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that it be authorized to decide on all terms of a possible business transfer.17. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe annual accounts of Savosolar Plc. that includes group annual accounts and annual report  the auditor's report as well as this notice including the proposals made to the General Meeting are available on Savosolar Plc.’s website at www.savosolar.com. The documents mentioned above are also available at the meeting. Minutes of the General Meeting are available on the above-mentioned website as from 24 May 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on 28 April 2023 in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her/its personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than 5 May 2023 at 16.00  by which time the registration shall be received. The registration may take place:at Savosolar Plc.’s website at www.savosolar.com; by e-mail to address aulikki.hynonen@savosolar.com; by phone to number +358 10 271 0810 (Tue-Fri at 9 a.m.-3 p.m. (EET)) or by mail to Savosolar Plc.  General Meeting  Insinöörinkatu 7  50150 Mikkeli.In connection with the registration a shareholder shall notify his/her/its name  personal identification number  address  email address and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Savosolar Plc. is used only in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of related necessary registrations and for shareholder communication. Shareholder  his/her/its representative or proxy representative shall  when necessary  be able to prove his/her/its identity and/or right of representation.2. Nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of shares based on which he/she/it on the record date of the meeting  i.e. on 28 April 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder has on the basis of such shares been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. at the latest on 5 May 2023 by 10.00 (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised without delay to request necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholder’s register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from his/her/its custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest on the date and time mentioned above.3. Shares registered at Euroclear Sweden ABShareholder whose shares are registered in the securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB and who wants to participate in the General Meeting and use his/her/its voting right  shall be registered at the shareholder’s register held by Euroclear Sweden AB on 28 April 2023 at the latest.In order to be entitled to request for temporary registration in the shareholder’s register of Savosolar Plc. held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  a shareholder of nominee-registered shares shall request that his/her/its shares are temporarily registered under his/her/its own name in the shareholder’s register held by Euroclear Sweden AB and to ensure that the custodian bank will send the above-mentioned request for temporary registration to Euroclear Sweden AB. The registration shall be made on 28 April 2023at the latest  and therefore a shareholder shall give the request to his/her/its custodian bank in good time prior to the above date.Shareholder  whose shares are registered in the securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB and who intends to participate in the General Meeting and use his/her/its voting right  shall request for a temporary registration of his/her shares to the shareholder’s register of Savosolar Plc. held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The request to Savosolar Plc. shall be made in written at the latest on 1 May 2023 at 10.00 Swedish time. The temporary registration through Savosolar Plc. constitutes a due registration to the General Meeting.4. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her/its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise provide reliable evidence of the right to represent the shareholder. The authorization applies to one meeting  unless otherwise stated. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible proxy documents should be delivered to in originals to Savosolar Plc.  General Meeting  Insinöörinkatu 7  50150 Mikkeli  Finland before the end of the registration period.5. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5 Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be handled at the meeting.The language of the meeting is Finnish. Part of the material to be presented in the meeting may be in English.On the date of the notice to the General Meeting  19 April 2023  the total number of shares in Savosolar Plc. is 800 102 141. Each share carries one vote at General Meeting.In Helsinki  19 April 2023SAVOSOLAR PLCBoard of DirectorsFor more information:Savosolar PlcManaging Director Jari VarjotiePhone: +358 400 419 734E-mail: jari.varjotie@savosolar.comSavosolar in briefSavosolar has two business areas: Marine Logistics and Renewable Energy.Marine Logistics (Meriaura Oy) is a major provider of transport for bulk cargo and demanding project deliveries in Northern Europe  especially in the Baltic Sea and North Sea regions. The company provides its customers with competitive and environmentally sustainable marine transport services  which also reduce carbon emissions from marine transport. Its long-term affreightment agreements  modern fleet and strong market position in renewable energy construction projects enable freight that supports environmentally friendly solutions. As part of Marine Logistics  VG-EcoFuel Oy produces recycled biofuels from bio-oils and recycled oils generated as industrial by-products.The Renewable Energy (Savosolar Oyj) designs and delivers clean energy production systems as comprehensive deliveries. The systems are built around large-scale solar thermal systems implemented using high-performance solar heat collectors manufactured by the company. Other energy production and storage technologies can also be combined with the systems. The company has taken solar thermal technology to a new level  and its collectors have patented nano-coated direct flow absorbers. With this leading technology  Savosolar enables its customers to produce clean and competitive energy.Savosolar’s shares are listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden under the ticker symbol SAVOS and on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland under the ticker symbol SAVOH. www.savosolar.comThe company’s Certified Adviser is Augment Partners AB  info@augment.se  tel. +46 8-604 22 55.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Savosolar Plc', 'Notice', 'First North Growth Market Finland', 'Ms. Kati Ihamäki', 'volume weighted average price', 'Mr. Jussi Mälkiä', 'Mr. Timi Hyppänen', 'Finnish Impact Investment Ltd', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Directors’ share issue authorization', 'Savosolar Plc Company Release', 'Mr. Ville Jussila', 'Mr. Jari Varjotie', 'Rake-Sali Ball Room', 'Oy Provator Ab', 'Cleantech Invest Oyj', 'greater Helsinki area', 'several other companies', 'group annual accounts', 'Mr. Feodor Aminoff', 'English Finnish', 'Savosolar Plc.', 'annual report', 'Board members company', 'Erottajankatu 4C', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', '71,92% per cent', '40 per cent', '60 per cent', '12 monthly instalments', 'two (2) weeks', 'insider regulations', 'Civil engineer', 'managing partner', 'other members', 'net loss', 'loss account', 'half-year report', 'lodging costs', 'Cash portion', 'transfer tax', 'time periods', 'reasonable travel', 'acting chairman', 'six (6) members', 'current members', 'new members', 'following remuneration', 'new shares', 'The Board', 'existing CEO', 'company shares', 'remuneration shares', 'Board remuneration', 'April', 'CEST', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'address', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'Review', 'resolution', 'payment', 'dividends', 'discharge', 'liability', 'term', 'membership', 'proposal', '1 November', 'extent', 'amount', 'number', 'basis', 'value', 'publication', '1 January', '30 June', 'name', 'behalf', 'case', 'purchase', 'accordance', 'force', 'meetings', 'role', 'consents', 'deviation', 'office', 'closing', 'industrial', '12.30', '14.', '13.30']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23225,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/decisions-taken-boreo-plc-annual-150000321.html,Decisions taken by Boreo Plc’s Annual General Meeting and the organizing meeting of Board of Directors on 19 April 2023,BOREO PLC Stock exchange release 19 April at 18:00 EET Decisions taken by Boreo Plc’s Annual General Meeting and the organizing meeting of Board of Directors...,Boreo OyjBOREO PLC Stock exchange release 19 April at 18:00 EETDecisions taken by Boreo Plc’s Annual General Meeting and the organizing meeting of Board of Directors on 19 April 2023The General Meeting of Boreo Plc was held on 19 April 2023 at the company’s headquarter at Ansatie 5  Vantaa.23 shareholders representing 2 113 024 shares and votes (approximately 78.22 per cent of all the company’s shares) were represented at the General Meeting.The General Meeting took the following decisions:Adoption of the Financial StatementThe General Meeting adopted Boreo Plc’s and group’s financial statement for financial year 1 January 2022 – 31 December 2022.Use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe General Meeting resolved based on the board’s proposal to pay a dividend of EUR 0.22 per share for the financial year 2022. The dividend shall be paid to a shareholder who on the record date of the payment  21 April 2023 is registered as a shareholder in the shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The dividend shall be paid on 4 May 2023.The General Meeting resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a distribution of second dividend in the maximum amount of EUR 0.22 per share later during the year 2023. The Board of Directors shall resolve on the possible payment separately and shall confirm the record and payment dates.Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liabilityThe members of the Board of Directors and the CEO were discharged from liability for the financial year 2022.Presentation of the Remuneration ReportThe General Meeting resolved to approve the company’s remuneration report. The resolution on remuneration report is advisory.Story continuesResolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors and the remuneration of the Board members of the Board of DirectorsThe General Meeting resolved that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be six (6).The General Meeting resolved that the monthly fee payable to the Chair of the Board of Directors is EUR 4 000 and the monthly fee for the ordinary members of the Board of Directors is EUR 2 000. The General Meeting resolved that for the Chair of the Audit Committee a monthly fee of EUR 1 000 shall be paid in addition to the board fee and for the Chair of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee a monthly fee of EUR 500 shall be paid in addition to the board fee. The General Meeting further resolved that for participation in meetings of the Board of Directors and Committees of the Board of Directors  a fee of EUR 500 per each meeting shall be paid. It was resolved that 40 % of the total amount of the board fees payable to the ordinary members of the Board by the next annual general meeting shall be paid by company’s own shares and 60 % of the total amount of the fees payable shall be paid in cash. No share compensation shall be paid to the indirect majority shareholder of the company because it is not in the company’s interest to add the shareholding of the indirect majority shareholder by means of board fees.Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe General Meeting re-elected Simon Hallqvist  Ralf Holmlund  Jouni Grönroos  Camilla Grönholm and Michaela von Wendt as members of the Board of Directors and Noora Neilimo-Kontio was elected as a new member of the Board of Directors.Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe General Meeting resolved to pay the remuneration to the auditor elected against the auditor’s reasonable invoice.Election of the AuditorThe General Meeting resolved to elect Moore Idman Oy as the auditor of the company APA Jari Paloniemi as the auditor with principal responsibility.Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe General Meeting resolved to amend the Articles of Association to enable holding a general meeting in Helsinki or Espoo in addition to the company’s domicile or entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. In its amended form  the Article 9 § of the Articles of Association shall read as follows (unofficial translation from the Finnish wording):9. The notice of a General Meeting and other notices to the shareholders shall be delivered by publishing the notice of meeting as stock exchange release no more than three (3) months and no less than three (3) weeks prior to the General Meeting  however  always at least nine (9) days prior to the record date of the General Meeting. To use their right to attend to the General Meeting the shareholders shall register for the meeting by the date notified in the notice to the general meeting. The registration date may be earliest ten (10) days before the general meeting.The General Meeting shall be held in Vantaa  Helsinki or Espoo. In addition  the Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting is held without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.The Articles of Association shall remain unchanged in other respects.Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of option rights and special rights entitling to shares and transfer of company’s own sharesThe General Meeting resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to decide on one or several issuances of shares  stock options and related special rights entitling to the company’s shares in accordance with Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act as follows:The number of the shares issued based on the authorization shall be maximum 540 000 shares equalling approximately 20 percent of the company’s all shares at the date of the notice to the General Meeting.The authorization includes a right to decide an issuance of either new or the company’s own shares with or without payment. New shares and option and special rights entitling to the company’s shares or transfer of company’s own shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights if there are weighty financial reasons on the company’s part or in case of a share issue without a payment if there are especially weighty reasons both on the part of the company and the interest of all shareholders. The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all terms and conditions concerning the issuance of shares and the related special rights and transferring of the company’s own shares.The share issuance authorization may be used among other reasons for commitment of the personnel  carrying out share-based incentive programmes  development of the business and the capital structure  expanding the shareholding  implementation of the share purchase and business asset deals  or financing of acquiring assets for company’s business or other projects. The authorization concerning granting of stock options and special rights entitling to company’s shares may be used for the same purposes as the share issuance authorization save the commitment of the personnel and implementation of share-based incentive programmes.The authorization is effective until the end of the next annual general meeting  however no longer than until 30 June 2024.The authorization shall not have an effect on any earlier decisions or authorizations regarding share issues  option or other special rights to shares.Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe General Meeting resolved to authorise the Board of Directors to decide on one or several repurchase of the company’s own shares with the company’s unrestricted equity as follows:The number of own shares to be repurchased based on the authorization shall not exceed 270 000 shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 10 per cent of all the shares in the company at the date of the notice to General Meeting. The resolution on repurchasing of company’s own shares shall not be made in a manner that the company would possess more than ten per cent of all shares in the company. Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorization in order to develop the company’s capital structure  finance or carry out acquisitions  carry out share-based incentive programs  payment of the board fees or otherwise to transfer or to cancel the shares.The minimum share purchase price to be paid for the shares may be the lowest public trading price and the highest share purchase price may the highest public trading price of the company’s share during the validation of this authorization.Own shares can be repurchased in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights if there are weighty financial reasons on the company’s part.The authorization is effective until the end of the next annual general meeting  however no longer than until 30 June 2024.Decisions of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors elected in its first meeting after the General Meeting Simon Hallqvist as the Chair of the Board. The Board of Directors elected also members to its Committees. Jouni Grönroos (the Chair)  Noora Neilimo-Kontio and Ralf Holmlund were elected as the members of the Audit Committee. Camilla Grönholm (the Chair)  Simon Hallqvist and Michaela von Wendt were elected as the members of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.Minutes of the General MeetingThe minutes of the General Meeting will be available on company's websitewww.boreo.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 latest on 3 May 2023.In Vantaa  19 April 2023Boreo PlcKari NergCEODistribution:NASDAQ Helsinki LtdFIN-FSAPrincipal mediawww.boreo.comFurther information:CEO Kari Nerg+358 44 341 8514Boreo in brief:Boreo is a company listed on Nasdaq Helsinki that creates value by owning  acquiring and developing small and medium sized companies in Northern Europe. Boreo's business operations are organized into three business areas: Electronics  Technical Trade and Heavy Machines.Boreo’s main objective is to create shareholder value in the long-term. It aims to achieve this with an acquisition-driven strategy  creating optimal conditions for its businesses to increase sales and improve profitability  and by being a best-in-class home for its companies and personnel. ​The Group's net sales in 2022 were EUR 160 million and it employs over 300 people in seven countries. The company’s headquarter is in Vantaa.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.35,0.32,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'organizing meeting', 'Boreo Plc', 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Directors', '19 April', 'BOREO PLC Stock exchange release', 'next annual general meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Jouni Grönroos', 'Camilla Grönholm', 'Michaela von Wendt', 'Moore Idman Oy', 'APA Jari Paloniemi', 'The General Meeting', 'indirect majority shareholder', 'Boreo Oyj', 'organizing meeting', 'meeting venue', 'remote meeting', '78.22 per cent', 'Financial Statement', 'balance sheet', 'second dividend', 'maximum amount', 'Audit Committee', 'total amount', 'Simon Hallqvist', 'Ralf Holmlund', 'Noora Neilimo-Kontio', 'new member', 'reasonable invoice', 'principal responsibility', 'unofficial translation', 'Finnish wording', 'other notices', 'three (3) months', 'real time', 'telecommunication connection', 'monthly fee', 'financial year', 'registration date', 'Remuneration Report', 'Remuneration Committee', 'following decisions', 'possible payment', 'payment dates', 'record date', 'ordinary members', 'share compensation', 'shareholders’ register', 'board fee', 'Board members', 'fees', '23 shareholders', 'April', '18:00 EET', 'Directors', 'company', 'headquarter', 'Ansatie', 'Vantaa', '2,113,024 shares', 'votes', 'Adoption', 'group', 'January', '31 December', 'Use', 'profit', 'proposal', '4 May', 'distribution', 'Resolution', 'discharge', 'CEO', 'liability', 'Presentation', 'Story', 'number', 'Chair', 'addition', 'Nomination', 'participation', 'meetings', 'Committees', 'cash', 'interest', 'shareholding', 'means', 'Election', 'Auditor', 'Amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Helsinki', 'Espoo', 'domicile', 'amended', 'form', 'less', 'right', 'power', 'full']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23226,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sdiptech-ab-publ-notice-annual-153000848.html,Sdiptech AB (publ) - Notice of annual general meeting 2023,Press release19 April 2023  17:30 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023 OF SDIPTECH AB (PUBL) The shareholders of Sdiptech AB (publ)  reg. no. 556672-4893...,"Sdiptech ABPress release19 April 2023  17:30NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023 OF SDIPTECH AB (PUBL)The shareholders of Sdiptech AB (publ)  reg. no. 556672-4893 (the ""Company"") are hereby convened to the Annual General Meeting on 22 May 2023  at IVA (Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences)  Grev Turegatan 16  114 46 i Stockholm.The Board has decided  with the support of § 12 of the Company's Articles of Association  that those shareholders who are unable or unwilling to physically participate in the meeting shall be able to submit their votes in advance by so-called postal voting. More information about it below.General requirements for participationShareholders who wish to participate in the meeting  regardless of whether this is done physically or by postal vote  must be entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date  11 May 2023.Shareholders with nominee-registered shares must temporarily have the shares re-registered in their own name as of the record date and contact should be made with the bank / nominee well in advance. The nominee has the opportunity to make such voting rights retroactive  however  no later than 15 May 2023 in order for it to be taken into account when presenting the share register.Requirements for participation through physical presence in the meeting roomShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting in the meeting room  in person or by proxy  must also register with the Company no later than 15 May 2023.Registration for the meeting must be made either via a digital form available via the company's website www.sdiptech.se  or by e-mail to sdiptech@postrosta.se or by regular mail to Sdiptech AB  Att: Annual General Meeting  Nybrogatan 39  114 39 Stockholm.When registering  shareholders must state their name  telephone number during the day and personal or organization number. Shareholders or their representatives have the right to include a maximum of two assistants. The number of assistants must be pre-registered in the same way as the shareholder.Story continuesShareholders represented by proxy must issue a dated and signed power of attorney which should be sent to the Company before the meeting in the manner specified above together with registration certificates for owners who are legal persons  which show that those who signed the power of attorney are competent. The power of attorney may not be older than one year unless it states that it is valid for a longer period  but no longer than five years. Proxy forms are available on the company's website https://www.sdiptech.seRequirements for participation by postal voting in advanceThe shareholder who only refers to postal voting must send in their votes no later than 15 May 2023  through a digital form that is available on the company's website https://www.sdiptech.se. No separate registration is required for those who only wish to vote by mail  since a submitted postal voting form is considered a registration.Shareholders who vote by postal voting  represented by proxy  must issue a dated and signed power of attorney which is attached to the digital postal voting form together with proof of registration for owners who are legal persons  which shows that those who signed the power of attorney are authorized. The power of attorney may not be older than one year unless it states that it is valid for a longer period  but no longer than five years. Proxy forms are available on the company's website https://www.sdiptech.seProposed agendaOpening of the meeting Election of chairman of the meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes of the meeting Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened Approval of the agenda Presentation of the annual accounts and the auditors’ report and the consolidated accounts and the auditors’ report on the consolidated accounts Presentation by the CEO  and shareholders’ questions to the Board of Directors and management of the Company Resolution on: adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet and the groups’ income statement and balance sheet; allocation of the result of the Company in accordance with the adopted balance sheet; discharge of liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors Determination of fees for the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor Election of members of the Board of Directors Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors Election of Auditor until the end of the next annual general meeting Resolution on the Nomination Committee for the annual general meeting of 2024 Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to the senior management Resolution on authorization for the Board to issue shares  convertibles and warrants Resolution on warrant program for the company's employees Closing of the meetingProposals for resolutionsProposals from the Nomination Committee under item 2 and 10 - 1 52) Jan Samuelson is proposed to be appointed as chairman of the meeting.10) The Board of Directors is proposed to consist of five members with no deputy members.11) Total fees of SEK 1 990 000 (last year 1 920 000) are proposed to be paid to the Board of Directors  of which SEK 830 000 (800 000) is to be paid to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 290 000 (280 000) is to be paid to each member of the Board of Directors. For the Company’s Audit Committee  a fee of SEK 160 000 (160 000) is proposed to be paid to the chairman and a fee of SEK 55 000 (55 000) to be paid to each member (one to two members). For the Company’s Investment Committee  a fee of SEK 50 000 (50 000) is proposed to be paid to the chairman and a fee of SEK 50 000 (50 000) to be paid to each member (one to two members). For the Company’s Remuneration Committee a fee of SEK 40 000 (40 000) is proposed to be paid to the chairman and a fee of SEK 20 000 (20 000) to be paid to each member (one member). Auditors’ fees are proposed to be payable in accordance with approved invoice.12) Proposed re-election of Johnny Alvarsson  Jan Samuelson  Birgitta Henriksson  Urban Doverholt and Eola Änggård Runsten as members of the Board of Directors until the end of the next annual general meeting. Detailed description of the Board's members for re-election and election can be found on the company's website.The Nomination Committee's motivationThe Nomination Committee has  as a basis for its proposal  interviewed all members and taken note of the results of the external board evaluation. In addition  the Nomination Committee has analyzed the extent to which the current Board of Directors meets the requirements imposed on it  inter alia with regard to relevant experience and competence with regard to the company's operations and future development.The Nomination Committee has made the assessment that the current members  who stand for re-election  represent a broad experience from both business and corporate management competence  as well as experience in acquisition-related and financial issues. With the proposed number of members  five  the board is staffed for an effective dialogue.13) Proposed re-election of Jan Samuelson as Chairman of the Board of Directors until the end of the next annual general meeting.14) Proposed election of PwC Sweden as auditor of the Company until the end of the next annual general meeting  2024. Should the proposal be adopted  PwC intends to appoint Anna Rosendal as auditor in charge.15) The Nomination Committee proposes that the meeting resolves on the following principles for appointing the Nomination Committee for the next annual general meeting:General information about the nomination committeeThe nomination committee's term extends until a new nomination committee is appointed.The nomination committee's task shall be to submit proposals to the next annual general meeting regarding the number of board members  remuneration (including remuneration for committee work) to the chairman of the board and other members and to the auditor respectively  the composition of the board  chairman of the board  chairman of the annual general meeting  election of auditors and decisions on instructions for the nomination committee's work.The nomination committee must take into account that the board must have an appropriate composition with regard to the company's operations  stage of development and conditions in general  characterized by versatility and breadth regarding the competence  experience and background of the members elected by the general meeting. An even gender distribution must be pursued.The members of the nomination committee are subject to a duty of confidentiality regarding Sdiptech AB's affairs. At the Company's request  this obligation must be confirmed by the members by signing a confidentiality agreement.No remuneration shall be paid to the members of the nomination committee. The company must be responsible for reasonable costs for the nomination committee to be able to carry out its tasks.The composition of the selection committeeThe nomination committee shall have three members. The nomination committee is appointed by the Company's chairman of the board contacting the three largest shareholders/owner groups in terms of votes (""Largest Owners"") in the Company as of 30 September of the year before the annual general meeting is held  according to the owner information in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB (or that in another way are proved to be one of the Largest Owners). These three owners have the right to appoint one member each. If one of these waives this right  the next shareholder/owner group in order of voting size must be given the opportunity to appoint a member to the nomination committee. However  more than the ten largest shareholders do not need to be asked. The chairman of the board must be an adjunct member of the nomination committee and be the convener of the nomination committee's meetings.The CEO  or another person from the company's management  does not have the right to be a member of the nomination committee. The chairman of the nomination committee shall  unless the members agree otherwise  be the member appointed by the largest shareholder.The composition of the nomination committee must be announced no later than six months before the annual general meeting.Changes in the composition of the election committeeIf a new shareholder earlier than three months before the annual general meeting passes  in voting rights  one of the shareholders who have appointed a member to the nomination committee  this shareholder can contact the chairman of the nomination committee and request to appoint a member to the nomination committee. If that happens  the member appointed by the shareholder with the smallest number of votes must leave the nomination committee at the same time.If a shareholder who appointed a member to the nomination committee earlier than three months before the annual general meeting to the number of votes is no longer qualified to appoint such a member  this member must make his place available. The chairman of the nomination committee must then contact the shareholder with the largest number of votes who has not previously been offered a seat. If he does not want to appoint a member  the matter must be passed on to the next shareholder whose turn it is  as long as there is one within the scope of the ten largest shareholders in terms of votes.Shareholders who have appointed a member to the nomination committee have the right to dismiss such member and appoint a new member at any time.Changes in the composition of the nomination committee must be announced as soon as they have taken place.Other resolutionsItem 4 – Election of one or two persons to attest the minutesThe board of directors proposes that Caroline Sjösten is elected to attest the minutes from the general meeting. The attester’s assignment also includes checking the voting list and that received postal votes are correctly reproduced in the minutes of the meeting.Item 9 b) – Resolution on allocation of the result of the Company in accordance with the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that the meeting resolves upon a dividend to shareholders of preference shares in accordance with the articles of association. Of the funds available to the Meeting  SEK 2 301 605 133  eight SEK per preference share  i.e.. a total of SEK 14 000 000 shall be paid quarterly to the preference shareholders with one quarter of the total amount (i.e. two SEK per preference share) per occasion. The proposal is based on all outstanding preference shares as of the date of this notice (i.e. a total of 1 750 000 preference shares).Suggested record dates for the dividend are:June 15  2023  with estimated payment date on June 20  2023; September 15  2023  with estimated payment date on September 20  2023; December 15  2023  with estimated payment date on December 20  2023; and March 15  2024  with estimated payment date on March 20  2024.According to the Company's Articles of Association  as of the fourth anniversary of the initial issue (i.e.  as of March 4  2019) and for the period thereafter  the Company's preference shares may be redeemed in an amount corresponding to (i) SEK 105 plus (ii) any accrued portion of Preference Dividend together with (iii) any outstanding amount calculated with an amount corresponding to an annual interest. However  the redemption amount for each redeemed preference share shall never be less than the share's quota value.""Accrued portion of the Preference Dividend"" refers to the accrued Preference Dividend for the period beginning with the day after the last record date for dividends on preference shares up to and including the day of payment of the redemption amount. The number of days must be calculated based on the actual number of days in relation to 90 days.The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend be paid on ordinary shares of series A or ordinary shares of series B without balancing the remaining profit of SEK 2 287 605 133 in a new account  of which SEK 2 068 910 662 will be transferred to the premium fund and SEK 218 694 471 to retained earnings.Item 16 – Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to the senior managementThe executive management of Sdiptech AB (publ) (“Sdiptech” or the “Company”) fall within the provisions of these guidelines. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the Annual General Meeting 2023. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the General Meeting. Share-related incentive plans are decided  where appropriate  by the General Meeting.Sdiptech is a technology group focused on infrastructure. Sdiptech’s business concept is to provide niched solutions to the infrastructure sector. A prerequisite for the successful implementation of Sdiptech’s business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that Sdiptech is able to recruit and retain qualified senior executives. To this end  it is necessary that the Company offers competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable the Company to offer the senior executives a competitive total remuneration.The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Additionally  the general meeting may – irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration. Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the Company’s business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one or several years. The variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than 50 per cent of the total fixed cash salary under the measurement period for such criteria. In years when no long-term incentive program expires  however  the variable cash remuneration can amount to 100 per cent of the total fixed cash salary.For senior executives  pension benefits  including health insurance (Sw: sjukförsäkring)  shall be based on a premium defined pension plan unless the individual concerned is subject to defined benefit pension under mandatory law or collective agreement provisions. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits unless required by mandatory law or collective agreement provisions. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Other benefits may include  for example  company cars  occupational health services and medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring). Such benefits may amount to not more than 10 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives in accordance with the above  as well as supplementary information in Appendix §16  which is posted on the Company's website.Item 17 – Resolution on authorization for the Board to issue shares  convertibles and warrantsThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors to  until the next annual general meeting  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  on one or several occasions resolve to issue ordinary shares  convertible instruments and/or warrants. Payment may be made in cash and/or with in kind or by way of set-off  or other conditions.The total increase of the number of ordinary shares  which includes issuance  conversion or subscription for new shares  may – where it entails a deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights – correspond to a dilution of a maximum of 10 percent of the current number outstanding ordinary shares  adjusted for any splits or similar. The authorization shall primarily be used for the purpose of acquisitions or financing thereof.A valid resolution requires that shareholders holding not less than two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting vote in favor of the proposal.Item 18 - Resolution on warrant program for the company's employeesIn order for the Group to be able to retain and recruit competent and committed staff  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting  deviating from the shareholders' preferential rights  decide on the issue of Warrants and the introduction of a long-term incentive program for Group employees. Incentive programs for managers and senior executives in the group in the form of warrants for series B shares was introduced in 2018  divided into three series: series 2018/2021  series 2018/2022 and series 2018/2023. In 2021  a corresponding incentive program on warrants of series 2021/2024 was introduced. At the AGM in 2022  it was decided on another program  series 2022/2025  but this was not launched.The remaining 2021/2024 series currently has 337 625 options outstanding.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to introduce an incentive program for the company's employees through the issue of a total of a maximum of 350 000 warrants of series 2023/2026  in accordance with Appendices §18  18a and §18b  which are posted on the Company's website. In short  the proposal means that:The Company shall issue no more than 350 000 Warrants of series 2023/2026. Each Warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one new common share of series B (“B-shares”) in the Company during the following periods: (i) a period of 10 banking days from and including 8 June 2026  (ii) a period of 10 banking days from and including the banking day following the publication of the Company’s interim report for the second quarter of 2026  and (iii) a period of 10 banking days from and including the banking day following the publication of the Company’s interim report for the third quarter of 2026  however not later than 30 November 2026 (each a “Subscription Period”).Upon full subscription  by virtue of all of the Warrants  a maximum of 350 000 new common shares of series B may be issued  corresponding to a dilution of approximately 0.9 per cent of the total amount of common shares of series A and series B and approximately 0.6 per cent of the total amount of votes in the Company that the common shares of series A and series B represent (based on the number of such outstanding shares as of the date of the notice).The subscription price for new B-shares subscribed for through Warrants shall be equal to an amount corresponding to 126 per cent of the volume-weighted average of the quoted price paid for the B-share on Nasdaq Stockholm (or another corresponding trading facility or regulated market on which the Company’s shares are traded) from and including 23 May 2023 up to and including 5 June 2023 (the “Calculation period”).The increase of the Company’s share capital will  upon exercise of the Warrants  amount to not more than SEK 8 750  subject to such increase that may occur due to recalculation of the subscription price and the number of shares which each Warrant entitles to subscription for in the event of issues etcetera. If the subscription price exceeds the quota value  the excess amount shall be allotted to the non-restricted statutory reserve.Employees of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Company and its subsidiaries are referred to collectively as the “Group”) shall be entitled to acquire Warrants from the Subsidiary. Application to acquire Warrants shall be made not later than on 16 June 2023. The board of directors of the Company shall however be entitled to prolong the application period. Future new employees may also be entitled to acquire Warrants  whereby the application to acquire Warrants may take place at a later occasion. For any such acquisitions  the acquisition shall be made at the prevailing market value and that the board of directors shall apply a corresponding application period for employees whose acquisition is made following the initial application period. The board of directors is authorised to extend each Subscription Period and the time for payment in the event that any participant is restricted from subscribing to new shares pursuant to insider or market abuse regulations.If not all Warrants are acquired  the remaining number of Warrants may be allotted to participants independently of category. No participant may  however  acquire additional Warrants that correspond to more than 50 per cent of the number of Warrants which each respective participant is entitled to acquire.Transfer of Warrants to the participants shall be made at a price corresponding to the market value  which shall be calculated in accordance with the Black & Scholes formula by an independent valuation institution. At an estimated future volatility level of 30 per cent during the term of the Warrants and assuming that the average value of the Company’s share during the valuation period amounts to SEK 250  whereby the subscription price for the Warrants will amount to SEK 315 for each Warrant  the preliminary calculated market value per warrant will amount to SEK 38 for each Warrant.The general meeting’s resolution under this item is valid only if supported by shareholders holding no less than nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.OtherComplete proposals for resolutions  accounting documents  auditor's report and other documents prior to the Annual General Meeting are available at the Company's office at Nybrogatan 39  114 39 Stockholm and on the Company's website https://www.sdiptech.se no later than 28 April 2023. The documents are sent free of charge to the shareholders who specifically request it and state their postal address.The Annual General Meeting share register will be kept available at the Company's offices.The total number of shares in the Company as of the date of the notice amounts to 39 741 938 shares  divided into 1 750 000 preference shares with one vote each  2 000 000 A shares with ten votes each and 35 991 938 Class B shares with one vote each. The total number of votes in the company is 57 741 938. As of the date of this notice  the company does not hold any own shares.The Board of Directors and the President shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board considers that this can be done without significant damage to the Company  provide information at the Annual General Meeting on matters that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda and circumstances that may affect the Company's assessment. or subsidiary's financial situation and the Company's relationship with another group company.The information will be available on the company's website and office no later than five days before the meeting. The information is also sent to the shareholder who requested it and provided his address.A general description of how your personal data is handled prior to the Annual General Meeting can be found on Euroclear's website https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf._____________Stockholm April 2023Sdiptech AB (publ)Board of DirectorsFor additional information  please contact:Bengt Lejdström  CFO  +46 702 74 22 00  bengt.lejdstrom@sdiptech.comSdiptech’s common shares of series B are traded on Nasdaq Stockholm under the short name SDIP B with ISIN code SE0003756758. Sdiptech’s preferred shares are traded under the short name SDIP PREF with ISIN code SE0006758348. Further information is available on the company's website: www.sdiptech.seSdiptech is a technology group that acquires and develops market-leading niche operations that contribute to creating more sustainable  efficient and safe societies. Sdiptech has approximately SEK 3 500 million in sales and is based in Stockholm.The information was provided by the above contact persons for publication 19 April 2023  at 17:30 CEST.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.47,0.27,0.26,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Sdiptech AB', 'Notice', 'next annual general meeting Resolution', 'digital postal voting form', 'Royal Swedish Academy', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'groups’ income statement', 'voting list Election', 'senior management Resolution', 'digital form', 'annual accounts', 'voting rights', 'General requirements', 'postal vote', 'Sdiptech AB', 'Press release', 'Engineering Sciences', 'Grev Turegatan', 'More information', 'share register', 'record date', 'physical presence', 'same way', 'legal persons', 'longer period', 'five years', 'two persons', 'auditors’ report', 'consolidated accounts', 'balance sheet', 'Nomination Committee', 'warrant program', 'Jan Samuelson', 'meeting room', 'CEO Resolution', 'one year', 'telephone number', 'organization number', 'two assistants', 'auditor Election', 'Company Resolution', 'registration certificates', 'Proxy forms', 'separate registration', 'nominee-registered shares', 'regular mail', 'Directors Election', 'shareholders’ questions', 'agenda Presentation', '2024 Resolution', '19 April', 'NOTICE', 'PUBL', '22 May', 'IVA', 'Stockholm', 'Board', 'support', 'Articles', 'Association', 'votes', 'advance', 'participation', 'name', 'contact', 'opportunity', '15 May', 'order', 'website', 'Att', 'Nybrogatan', 'day', 'personal', 'representatives', 'maximum', 'Story', 'power', 'manner', 'owners', 'signed', 'proof', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'accordance', 'discharge', 'liability', 'members', 'fees', 'guidelines', 'remuneration', 'authorization', 'convertibles', 'warrants', 'employees', 'Proposals', 'resolutions', 'item']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23227,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FASTIGHETS-AB-BALDER-PUB-6492486/news/Fastighets-Balder-13-Resolution-on-adoption-of-instructions-for-the-nomination-committee-43544556/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Fastighets Balder : 13 Resolution on adoption of instructions for the nomination committee,(marketscreener.com)   The English text is an unauthorized translation solely for convenience purposes. In case of inconsistencies between the Swedish and the English text  the Swedish text shall prevail.   Material to AGM  p. 13   Resolution on adopt…,The English text is an unauthorized translation solely for convenience purposes. In case of inconsistencies between the Swedish and the English text  the Swedish text shall prevail.Material to AGM  p. 13Resolution on adoption of instructions for the Nomination Committee (item 13)The Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting approves the following instructions for the Nomination Committee.The instructions for the Nomination Committee shall remain in force until resolutions concerning changes regarding the Nomination Committee's instructions is made by the Annual General Meeting.The Nomination Committee  which represents the Company's shareholders and is the General Meeting's body for the preparation of certain decisions concerning appointments to be made by the General Meeting  shall carry out its duties in accordance with the Swedish Corporate Governance Code. The Company shall have a Nomination Committee consisting of one member for each of the three largest shareholders in terms of voting rights in accordance with item 3 below  who wishes to appoint a director  as well as the Chairman of the Board. If any of the three largest shareholders in terms of voting rights waive their right to appoint a member to the Nomination Committee  the next shareholder in order of size shall be given the opportunity to appoint a member. The Nomination Committee for next year's Annual General Meeting shall be constituted based on the shareholders who  as of the last banking day in September  have been registered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  as well as other reliable information about shareholdings that has been provided to the Company at this time. The Chairman of the Board shall  as soon as information about ownership as described above is available  contact a representative of each of the three largest shareholders in the Company  who then has the right to appoint one member each to the Nomination Committee. The members of the Nomination Committee shall be announced no later than six months before each Annual General Meeting. If a member is appointed by a certain owner  the name of the owner must be indicated.1,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Fastighets Balder', 'nomination committee', '13 Resolution', 'adoption', 'instructions', 'Swedish Corporate Governance Code', 'last banking day', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'three largest shareholders', 'other reliable information', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Swedish text', 'English text', 'unauthorized translation', 'convenience purposes', 'voting rights', 'next shareholder', 'next year', 'share register', 'one member', 'following instructions', 'case', 'inconsistencies', 'Material', 'AGM', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'item', 'force', 'changes', 'Company', 'body', 'preparation', 'decisions', 'appointments', 'duties', 'accordance', 'terms', 'director', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'order', 'size', 'opportunity', 'September', 'shareholdings', 'time', 'ownership', 'representative', 'members', 'six', 'name']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23228,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2650334/0/en/Decisions-taken-by-Sanoma-Corporation-s-Annual-General-Meeting-and-Board-of-Directors.html,Decisions taken by Sanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting and Board of Directors,Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  19 April 2023 at 18:20 EET     Decisions taken by Sanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting and Board of......,English FinnishSanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  19 April 2023 at 18:20 EETDecisions taken by Sanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting and Board of DirectorsSanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting (AGM) was held on 19 April 2023 in Helsinki. For the purposes of expanding the opportunities for shareholders’ participation  the opportunity was reserved for the shareholders to exercise their rights by voting in advance.The meeting adopted the Financial Statements  the Board of Directors’ Report and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2022 as well as discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability for the financial year 2022. In addition  the meeting made an advisory decision on the adoption of the Remuneration Policy and the Remuneration Report of the governing bodies.DividendThe AGM resolved that a dividend on EUR 0.37 per share shall be paid. The dividend shall be paid in three instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date 21 April 2023. The payment date for this instalment is 28 April 2023.The second instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid in September 2023. The second instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 4 September 2023.The third instalment of EUR 0.11 per share shall be paid in November 2023. The third instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 25 October 2023.Composition of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM resolved that the number of the members of the Board of Directors shall be set at nine. Pekka Ala-Pietilä  Julian Drinkall  Rolf Grisebach  Anna Herlin  Mika Ihamuotila  Nils Ittonen  Denise Koopmans and Sebastian Langenskiöld were re-elected as members  and Eugenie van Wiechen was elected as a new member of the Board of Directors. Pekka Ala-Pietilä was elected as the Chair of the Board and Nils Ittonen as the Vice Chair. The term of all Board members ends at the end of the AGM 2024.Remuneration of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM resolved that the remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors remains unchanged. The monthly remunerations are EUR 12 000 for the Chair of the Board of Directors  EUR 7 000 for the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  and EUR 6 000 for the members of the Board of Directors.The meeting fees of the Board of Directors are:For Board members who reside outside Finland: EUR 1 000 / Board meeting where the member was present;For members of the Board of Directors who reside in Finland: No separate fee is paid for attending Board meetingsFor the Chairs of Board of Directors’ Committees: EUR 3 500 / Committee meeting participated;For Committee members who reside outside Finland: EUR 2 500 / Committee meeting where the member was present and EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated; andFor Committee members who reside in Finland: EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated.The meeting fees of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee remain unchanged and are:For the Chair of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee: EUR 3 500 / Committee meeting participated;For members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee who reside outside Finland: EUR 2 500 / Committee meeting where the member was present and EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated; andFor members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee who reside in Finland: EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated.AuditorThe AGM appointed audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy as the auditor of the Company with Samuli Perälä  Authorised Public Accountant  as the auditor with principal responsibility. The Auditor shall be reimbursed against invoice approved by the Company.Authorisation to repurchase Company’s own sharesThe AGM authorised the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of a maximum of 16 000 000 of the Company’s own shares (approx. 9.8% of all shares of the Company) in one or several instalments. The shares shall be repurchased with funds from the Company's unrestricted shareholders’ equity  and the repurchases shall reduce funds available for distribution of profits. The authorisation will be valid until 30 June 2024 and it terminates the corresponding authorisation granted by the AGM 2022.The shares shall be repurchased to develop the Company’s capital structure  to carry out or finance potential corporate acquisitions or other business arrangements or agreements  to be used as a part of the Company’s incentive programme or to be otherwise conveyed further  retained as treasury shares  or cancelled.Authorisation to issue shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe AGM authorised the Board of Directors to decide on issuance of new shares and the conveyance of the Company's own shares held by the Company (treasury shares) and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as specified in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. Option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as specified in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act may not be granted as part of the Company’s incentive programme. The Board will be entitled to decide on the issuance of a maximum of 16 000 000 new shares (approx. 9.8% of all shares of the Company) as well as conveyance of a maximum of 21 000 000 treasury shares held by the Company in one or several instalments. The issuance of shares  the conveyance of treasury shares and the granting of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares may be done in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right (directed issue). The authorisation will be valid until 30 June 2024 and it will replace the corresponding authorisation granted by the AGM 2022.Amendments to the Articles of AssociationThe AGM resolved that § 10 of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended to enable holding a general meeting of shareholders entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting and that the notice to the meeting may be published only on the Company’s website. Furthermore  §§ 11−12 will be abolished (as the substantive contents is incorporate into the revised § 10).Decisions by the Board of DirectorsIn its organisation meeting held after the AGM  the Board of Directors decided to appoint from among its members the following members to its committees:Audit Committee: Denise Koopmans (Chair)  Mika Ihamuotila  Nils Ittonen  Sebastian LangenskiöldHuman Resources Committee: Julian Drinkall (Chair)  Rolf Grisebach  Anna Herlin  Sebastian LangenskiöldIn addition to the Audit Committee and Human Resources Committee  the Board of Directors has  according to its Charter  an Executive Committee. The Executive Committee consists of the Chair and Vice Chair of the Board  the President and CEO and at Chair’s invitation one or several members of the Board. In 2023  the Executive Committee will comprise Pekka Ala-Pietilä (Chair)  Nils Ittonen and Susan Duinhoven.Additional informationKaisa Uurasmaa  Head of Investor Relations and Sustainability  tel. +358 40 560 5601SanomaSanoma is an innovative and agile learning and media company impacting the lives of millions every day. Our Sustainability Strategy is designed to maximise our positive ‘brainprint’ on society and to minimise our environmental footprint. We are committed to the UN Sustainable Development Goals and signatory to the UN Global Compact.Our learning products and services enable teachers to develop the talents of every child to reach their full potential. We offer printed and digital learning content as well as digital learning and teaching platforms for primary  secondary and vocational education  and want to grow our business.Our Finnish media provide independent journalism and engaging entertainment also for generations to come. Our unique cross-media position offers the widest reach and tailored marketing solutions for our business partners.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Sebastian Langenskiöld', 'Eugenie van Wiechen', 'Samuli Perälä', 'Authorised Public Accountant', 'potential corporate acquisitions', 'other business arrangements', 'unrestricted shareholders’ equity', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Committee', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'dividend record date', 'shareholders’ participation', 'Committee meeting', 'payment date', 'English Finnish', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'Financial Statements', 'advisory decision', 'governing bodies', 'three instalments', 'Pekka Ala-Pietilä', 'Julian Drinkall', 'Rolf Grisebach', 'Anna Herlin', 'Mika Ihamuotila', 'Nils Ittonen', 'Denise Koopmans', 'monthly remunerations', 'separate fee', 'audit firm', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'principal responsibility', 'several instalments', 'capital structure', 'incentive programme', 'meeting fees', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'third instalment', 'Committee members', 'financial year', 'Remuneration Policy', 'shareholder register', 'Vice Chair', 'corresponding authorisation', 'The AGM', 'new member', 'Board meetings', 'Remuneration Report', 'Directors’ Committees', 'Directors’ Report', 'Board members', '19 April', '18:20 EET', 'Decisions', 'Helsinki', 'purposes', 'opportunities', 'opportunity', 'rights', 'advance', 'Auditor', 'President', 'CEO', 'liability', 'addition', 'adoption', 'Company', '28 April', 'September', 'November', '25 October', 'Composition', 'number', 'term', 'Chairs', 'invoice', 'shares', 'repurchase', 'maximum', 'funds', 'distribution', 'profits', '30 June', 'agreements', '1,500']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23229,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOMA-OYJ-1412549/news/Decisions-taken-by-Sanoma-Corporation-s-Annual-General-Meeting-and-Board-of-Directors-43544486/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Decisions taken by Sanoma Corporation's Annual General Meeting and Board of Directors,(marketscreener.com) Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  19 April 2023 at 18:20 EET Decisions taken by Sanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting and Board of Directors Sanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting was held on 19 April 2023 in Helsinki…,Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  19 April 2023 at 18:20 EETDecisions taken by Sanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting and Board of DirectorsSanoma Corporation’s Annual General Meeting (AGM) was held on 19 April 2023 in Helsinki. For the purposes of expanding the opportunities for shareholders’ participation  the opportunity was reserved for the shareholders to exercise their rights by voting in advance.The meeting adopted the Financial Statements  the Board of Directors’ Report and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2022 as well as discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability for the financial year 2022. In addition  the meeting made an advisory decision on the adoption of the Remuneration Policy and the Remuneration Report of the governing bodies.DividendThe AGM resolved that a dividend on EUR 0.37 per share shall be paid. The dividend shall be paid in three instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date 21 April 2023. The payment date for this instalment is 28 April 2023.The second instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid in September 2023. The second instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 4 September 2023.The third instalment of EUR 0.11 per share shall be paid in November 2023. The third instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 25 October 2023.Composition of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM resolved that the number of the members of the Board of Directors shall be set at nine. Pekka Ala-Pietilä  Julian Drinkall  Rolf Grisebach  Anna Herlin  Mika Ihamuotila  Nils Ittonen  Denise Koopmans and Sebastian Langenskiöld were re-elected as members  and Eugenie van Wiechen was elected as a new member of the Board of Directors. Pekka Ala-Pietilä was elected as the Chair of the Board and Nils Ittonen as the Vice Chair. The term of all Board members ends at the end of the AGM 2024.Remuneration of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM resolved that the remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors remains unchanged. The monthly remunerations are EUR 12 000 for the Chair of the Board of Directors  EUR 7 000 for the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  and EUR 6 000 for the members of the Board of Directors.The meeting fees of the Board of Directors are:For Board members who reside outside Finland: EUR 1 000 / Board meeting where the member was present;For members of the Board of Directors who reside in Finland: No separate fee is paid for attending Board meetingsFor the Chairs of Board of Directors’ Committees: EUR 3 500 / Committee meeting participated;For Committee members who reside outside Finland: EUR 2 500 / Committee meeting where the member was present and EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated; andFor Committee members who reside in Finland: EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated.The meeting fees of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee remain unchanged and are:For the Chair of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee: EUR 3 500 / Committee meeting participated;For members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee who reside outside Finland: EUR 2 500 / Committee meeting where the member was present and EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated; andFor members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee who reside in Finland: EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated.AuditorThe AGM appointed audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy as the auditor of the Company with Samuli Perälä  Authorised Public Accountant  as the auditor with principal responsibility. The Auditor shall be reimbursed against invoice approved by the Company.Authorisation to repurchase Company’s own sharesThe AGM authorised the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of a maximum of 16 000 000 of the Company’s own shares (approx. 9.8% of all shares of the Company) in one or several instalments. The shares shall be repurchased with funds from the Company's unrestricted shareholders’ equity  and the repurchases shall reduce funds available for distribution of profits. The authorisation will be valid until 30 June 2024 and it terminates the corresponding authorisation granted by the AGM 2022.The shares shall be repurchased to develop the Company’s capital structure  to carry out or finance potential corporate acquisitions or other business arrangements or agreements  to be used as a part of the Company’s incentive programme or to be otherwise conveyed further  retained as treasury shares  or cancelled.Authorisation to issue shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe AGM authorised the Board of Directors to decide on issuance of new shares and the conveyance of the Company's own shares held by the Company (treasury shares) and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as specified in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. Option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as specified in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act may not be granted as part of the Company’s incentive programme. The Board will be entitled to decide on the issuance of a maximum of 16 000 000 new shares (approx. 9.8% of all shares of the Company) as well as conveyance of a maximum of 21 000 000 treasury shares held by the Company in one or several instalments. The issuance of shares  the conveyance of treasury shares and the granting of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares may be done in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right (directed issue). The authorisation will be valid until 30 June 2024 and it will replace the corresponding authorisation granted by the AGM 2022.Amendments to the Articles of AssociationThe AGM resolved that § 10 of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended to enable holding a general meeting of shareholders entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting and that the notice to the meeting may be published only on the Company’s website. Furthermore  §§ 11−12 will be abolished (as the substantive contents is incorporate into the revised § 10).Decisions by the Board of DirectorsIn its organisation meeting held after the AGM  the Board of Directors decided to appoint from among its members the following members to its committees:Audit Committee: Denise Koopmans (Chair)  Mika Ihamuotila  Nils Ittonen  Sebastian LangenskiöldHuman Resources Committee: Julian Drinkall (Chair)  Rolf Grisebach  Anna Herlin  Sebastian LangenskiöldIn addition to the Audit Committee and Human Resources Committee  the Board of Directors has  according to its Charter  an Executive Committee. The Executive Committee consists of the Chair and Vice Chair of the Board  the President and CEO and at Chair’s invitation one or several members of the Board. In 2023  the Executive Committee will comprise Pekka Ala-Pietilä (Chair)  Nils Ittonen and Susan Duinhoven.Additional informationKaisa Uurasmaa  Head of Investor Relations and Sustainability  tel. +358 40 560 5601SanomaSanoma is an innovative and agile learning and media company impacting the lives of millions every day. Our Sustainability Strategy is designed to maximise our positive ‘brainprint’ on society and to minimise our environmental footprint. We are committed to the UN Sustainable Development Goals and signatory to the UN Global Compact.Our learning products and services enable teachers to develop the talents of every child to reach their full potential. We offer printed and digital learning content as well as digital learning and teaching platforms for primary  secondary and vocational education  and want to grow our business.Our Finnish media provide independent journalism and engaging entertainment also for generations to come. Our unique cross-media position offers the widest reach and tailored marketing solutions for our business partners.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Sebastian Langenskiöld', 'Eugenie van Wiechen', 'Samuli Perälä', 'Authorised Public Accountant', 'potential corporate acquisitions', 'other business arrangements', 'unrestricted shareholders’ equity', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Committee', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'dividend record date', 'shareholders’ participation', 'Committee meeting', 'payment date', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'Financial Statements', 'advisory decision', 'governing bodies', 'three instalments', 'Pekka Ala-Pietilä', 'Julian Drinkall', 'Rolf Grisebach', 'Anna Herlin', 'Mika Ihamuotila', 'Nils Ittonen', 'Denise Koopmans', 'monthly remunerations', 'separate fee', 'audit firm', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'principal responsibility', 'several instalments', 'capital structure', 'incentive programme', 'treasury s', 'meeting fees', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'third instalment', 'Committee members', 'financial year', 'Remuneration Policy', 'shareholder register', 'Vice Chair', 'corresponding authorisation', 'new member', 'Board meetings', 'Remuneration Report', 'Directors’ Committees', 'The AGM', 'Directors’ Report', 'Board members', '19 April', '18:20 EET', 'Decisions', 'Helsinki', 'purposes', 'opportunities', 'opportunity', 'rights', 'advance', 'Auditor', 'President', 'CEO', 'liability', 'addition', 'adoption', 'Company', '28 April', 'September', 'November', '25 October', 'Composition', 'number', 'term', 'Chairs', 'invoice', 'shares', 'repurchase', 'maximum', 'funds', 'distribution', 'profits', '30 June', 'agreements', '500']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23230,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COPPERSTONE-RESOURCES-AB-39433156/news/Copperstone-Resources-Appendix-B-ndash-Terms-for-incentive-program-2023-43544181/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Copperstone Resources : Appendix B – Terms for incentive program 2023,(marketscreener.com)   APPENDIX B   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR WARRANTS OF SERIES 2023/2027:2 FOR THE EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS IN COPPERSTONE RESOURCES AB   1 DEFINITIONS   In these terms and conditions  the following terms shall …,"Copperstone Resources : Appendix B – Terms for incentive program 2023 04/19/2023 | 10:50am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields APPENDIX B TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR WARRANTS OF SERIES 2023/2027:2 FOR THE EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS IN COPPERSTONE RESOURCES AB 1 DEFINITIONS In these terms and conditions  the following terms shall have the meanings stated below: ""Share"" or ""Shares"" means share or shares in the Company. ""The Swedish Companies Act"" means the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). ""Central Securities Depositary Company"" means a company whose articles of association contain a reservation stating that the company's shares must be registered in a central securities depository register in accordance with the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479) (CSD Clause). ""Business Day"" means a day that is not Saturday  Sunday or other public holiday or with regard to payment of promissory notes is not equated with public holiday in Sweden. ""the Company"" means Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  reg.no. 556704-4168. ""Euroclear"" means Euroclear Sweden AB or other central securities institution pursuant to the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479). ""Account operator"" means bank or other which  in the event the Company is a Central Securities Depositary Company  has been entitled to be an Account operator pursuant to the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479) and in which the Warrant Holder opened an account regarding Warrants. ""Market listing"" means listing of the Company's share on a regulated market or other organised trading facility. ""Warrant Holder"" means a holder of Warrant. ""Subscription"" means subscription of Shares in the Company in accordance with chapter 14 of the Swedish Companies Act in accordance with the conditions set out below. ""Subscription price"" means the price at which Subscription for new Shares by exercising of Warrant may take place. ""Warrant"" means a right to subscribe for new Shares in the Company against payment in cash in accordance with these terms. 2 WARRANTS The number of Warrants will be no more than 2 500 000. The Company shall  unless it has not resolved to affiliate the Warrants to the VPC system (whereby section 3 below is applicable)  issue warrant certificates payable to a specific person or to order  if requested by the Warrant Holder. The Company executes  on request from Warrant Holders  Subscription of new shares. If warrant certificates have been issued  Subscription shall take place in exchange for warrant certificates regarding the Warrants. 3 CSD REGISTER AND ACCOUNT OPERATOR If the Company resolves to affiliate the Warrants to the VPC system  Euroclear shall register the Warrants in a CSD register pursuant to the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial 1 | 14 Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479)  whereby no warrant certificates will be issued. The Warrants shall be registered on behalf of the Warrant Holder in an account in the Company's CSD register. Regarding registration in a CSD account as a result of measures pursuant to the paragraph above and sections 4-6 below  the Company commits to  when applicable  to call in an Account operator as responsible therefor. Registrations with regard to the Warrants as a result of measures in accordance with the section 4 and 6 below shall be arranged by the Account operator. Other registration measures with regard to the account may be carried out of the Account operator or another account operator. 4 SUBSCRIPTION The Warrant Holder is entitled to  during the period as of the day when the Warrants were registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office until and including 19 December 2027  or the earlier date which follows from section 6 below  for each Warrant invoke Subscription of one (1) new Share in the Company to a Subscription price per Share corresponding to the average volume-weighted price for the share on Nasdaq First North Growth Markets market quotation during a period of ten trading days which ends the day before the Company's annual general meeting on 11 May 2023 multiplicated with 1.5. Recalculation of the Subscription price  as well as number of new Shares each Warrant entitles to Subscription of  may take place in the events subject to section 6 below. However  the Subscription price must never be less than the Share's quotient value. Notification of Subscription is taking place by way of a written notice to the Company  or  in the event the Company has resolved to affiliate the Warrants to the VPC system  to the Account operator as instructed by the Company  whereby the Warrant Holder  on a determined and by the Company or the Account operator provided application form  shall state the amount of Shares which are requested to be subscribed for. Duly completed and signed application form shall be sent to the Company or the Account operator to the address stated in the application form in order to be available to the Company or the Account operator within the period as Subscription in accordance with the first paragraph above may be invoked. The Warrant Holder shall at the same time  when applicable  submit warrant certificates representing the number of Warrants which are wished to be exercised. Notice of Subscription is binding and cannot be revoked. Subscription may be made on several occasions and for the number of Shares which the Warrants held by the Warrant Holder entitles to and which the Warrant Holder wishes to exercise. For the avoidance of doubt  it is thus possible for a Warrant Holder to carry out Subscription on several different occasions. If the Company or the Account operator has not received the Warrant Holder's written notice of Subscription within the period of time stated in the first paragraph above  the right to Subscription ceases. Payment for subscribed Shares shall be made within five Business days after notice of Subscription has been submitted to the Account operator as instructed by the Company  to a bank account designated by the Company or the Account operator. After Subscription  the allocation of Shares is executed by way of that the new Shares are listed as interim shares in the share register held by Euroclear  and in the Warrant Holder's account in the Company's CSD register. After registration has been made with the Swedish Companies Registration Office  the registration of the new Shares in the share register  or when applicable in the Warrant Holder's account in the Company's CSD register  is final. As stated in section 6 below  the time for such registration may be postponed in certain cases. 2 | 14 5 DIVIDENDS IN RESPECT OF NEW SHARE A Share issued after Subscription  carries a right to dividend the first time at the general meeting which occurs on the record date for dividend  which occurs immediately after that the new Shares has been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and been registered in the share registered held by Euroclear. 6 RECALCULATION IN CERTAIN CASES If the Company  before the Warrants have been exercised  take certain measures stated below  the following shall apply with regard to recalculation: 6.1 Bonus Issue Where the Company carries out a bonus issue  where notice of Subscription is made at such time that it cannot be executed no later than on the tenth calendar day before the general meeting which shall resolve on the bonus issue  Subscription shall be executed after the meeting has resolved on the bonus issue. Shares acquired through Subscription executed after the resolution are interim registered in a CSD account  which entails no right to participate in the bonus issue. Final registration in a CSD account is first made after the record date for the bonus issue. Upon Subscription executed after the decision on the bonus issue  a recalculated Subscription Price as well as a recalculated number of Shares which each Warrant entitles to Subscription of  applies. The recalculation is be made or controlled by an independent valuation expert  in accordance with the following formulas: previous Subscription Price x number of Shares prior to the bonus issue Recalculated Subscription Price = Recalculated number of Shares to number of Shares after the bonus issue previous number of Shares to which each Warrant provides an entitlement to subscribe x the number of Shares after the bonus issue which each Warrant provides an = entitlement to subscribe Number of Shares prior to the bonus issue A recalculated Subscription Price and recalculated number of Shares in accordance with the provisions above shall be determined by the board of directors of the Company as soon as possible after the general meeting has adopted a bonus issue resolution  but first after the record date for the bonus issue. 6.2 Reverse share split or share split If the Company carries out a reverse split or a split of the Shares  the provisions under section 6.1 above shall be applied correspondingly  whereby the record date shall be the day when the reverse share split or the share split  on the Company's request  is made at Euroclear. 6.3 New issue If the Company carries out a rights issue pursuant to Chapter 13 of the Swedish Companies Act  with preferential rights for shareholders to subscribe for new shares against payment in cash or subject to a right of set-off  the following shall apply regarding the right to participate in the new issue  for a Share acquired through Subscription: 3 | 14 If the rights issue is resolved by the Company's board of directors  conditioned upon the approval of the general meeting or the support of authorization by the general meeting  the last day when Subscription shall be executed in order for a Share acquired through Subscription to convey a right to participate in the rights issue  shall be stated in the resolution on the rights issue. If the rights issue is decided by the general meeting  Subscription  where application for Subscription is made at such time that the subscription cannot be executed on the tenth calendar day before the general meeting resolving upon new issue of Shares at the latest  shall be executed first after the Company has executed recalculation in accordance with this section 6.3. Shares acquired through such Subscription shall be subject of interim registration on a CSD Account  entailing that such shares are not entitled to participate in the new issue. Upon Subscription executed at such time that right to participate in the rights issue is not conveyed  a recalculated Subscription Price and a recalculated number of Shares each Warrant entitles to Subscription of  apply. The recalculations shall be made or controlled by an independent valuation expert in accordance with the following formulas: recalculated Subscription price the recalculated number of Shares each warrant entitles the Warrant Holder to subscribe for the previous Subscription price x the Share's average stock exchange price during the subscription period set forth in the resolution regarding the issue (the average price of the Share) = the average price of the Share as increased by the theoretical value of the subscription right calculated on the basis thereof the previous number of Shares which each Warrant entitles to x (the average price of the Share as increased by the theoretical value of the subscription right calculated on the basis thereof)the average price of the Share The average price of the share shall  upon Market listing  be considered equivalent to the average for each trading day of the calculated average of the highest and lowest transaction prices according to the market facility's market quotation or other market quotation for each trading day during the Subscription period. In the event no transaction price is quoted  the bid price which is quoted as the closing price shall form the basis of the calculation. Days for which neither a transaction price nor a bid price is quoted shall not be included for the purposes of the calculation. The theoretical value of the Subscription right is calculated in accordance with the following formula: the number of new Shares which can be issued at highest pursuant to the resolution regarding the issue x (the average price of the Share - the the value of the subscription right = subscription price for the new Share) the number of Shares prior to the resolution regarding the issue In the event that a negative value arises hereby  the theoretical value of the subscription right shall be determined to zero. Upon calculation in accordance with the formula above  the shares that is owned by the Company shall be ignored. 4 | 14 The above recalculated Subscription price and recalculated number of Shares is determined or controlled by an independent valuation experttwo Business days after the end of the subscription period and shall be applied upon Subscription executed thereafter. In the event that the Company's Shares are not subject to Market listing  a recalculated Subscription price and a recalculated number of Shares shall be determined in accordance with the specified principles in this section 6.3. The recalculation shall be made or controlled by an independent valuation expert  and shall be made upon the assumption that the value of the Warrant shall remain unchanged. During the time until the recalculated Subscription price and the recalculated number of Shares are determined  the Subscription is executed preliminary  whereby whole numbers of Shares which each Warrant is entitled to prior to recalculation  is interim registered in a CSD account. Furthermore  it is noted that each Warrant after recalculation may entitle to further Shares. Final registration in the CSD account is made after the recalculated Subscription price is determined. 6.4 Issue in accordance with Chapters 14 or 15 of the Swedish Companies Act If the Company carries out an issue pursuant to Chapter 14 or pursuant to Chapter 15 of the Swedish Companies Act with a preferential right for the shareholders and against payment in cash or with a right of set-off  shall  regarding the right to participate in the issue for Share acquired through Subscription exercising the Warrant  the provisions set forth in section 6.3 paragraph 1 and 2 above be applied correspondingly. For Subscriptions executed at such times that no right to participate in new issues of Shares arises  a recalculated Subscription price as well as a recalculated number of Shares to which each Warrant Holder is entitled shall be applied. The recalculation shall be made or controlled by an independent valuation expert  in accordance with the following formulas: the previous subscription price x the Share's average stock exchange price during the subscription period set forth in the resolution regarding the issue (the average price of the Share) recalculated subscription price = the average price of the Share as increased by the value of the subscription right the previous number of Shares which each Warrant entitles to x (the average the recalculated number of price of the Share as increased by value of the = subscription right) Shares each Warrant entitles to the average price of the Share The average price of the Share shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions set forth in section 6.3 above. The average price of the share shall  upon Market listing  be considered equivalent to the average for each trading day of the calculated average of the highest and lowest transaction prices according to the market facility's market quotation or other market quotation for each trading day during the subscription period. In the event no transaction price is quoted  the bid price which is quoted as the closing price shall form the basis of the calculation. Days for which neither a transaction price nor a bid price is quoted shall not be included for the purposes of the calculation. 5 | 14 Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Copperstone Resources AB published this content on 19 April 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 19 April 2023 14:49:04 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about COPPERSTONE RESOURCES AB 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Item 1_ 9 and 10 – Nomination committee's proposals on chair.. PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Item 8b – Resolution regarding appropriation of the company'.. PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Item 11 – Proposal for issue authorisation PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Item 12 – Proposal for incentive program PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Item 13 – Proposal for incentive program PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Appendix A – Terms for incentive program 2023 PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Appendix B – Terms for incentive program 2023 PU 04/12 Copperstone Resources publishes Annual Report for 2022 AQ 03/30 Copperstone Resources : Fullmaktsformulär AGM 2023 (Eng) PU 03/30 Copperstone Resources : Kallelse (Eng) AGM 2023 Copperstone PU",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Copperstone Resources', 'incentive program', 'Appendix', 'Terms', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Markets market quotation', 'Swedish Central Securities Depositories', 'other central securities institution', 'other organised trading facility', 'central securities depository register', 'Financial Instruments Accounts Act', 'Swedish Companies Registration Office', 'Central Securities Depositary Company', 'The Swedish Companies Act', '14 Instruments Accounts Act', 'ten trading days', 'multiple email addresses', 'annual general meeting', 'other public holiday', 'average volume-weighted price', 'Other registration measures', 'Copperstone Resources AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'APPENDIX B TERMS', 'one (1) new Share', 'First name', 'regulated market', 'Market listing', '3 CSD REGISTER', 'incentive program', 'EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN', 'CSD Clause', 'promissory notes', 'VPC system', 'specific person', 'earlier date', 'written notice', 'application form', 'Account operator', 'CSD account', 'warrant certificates', 'Warrant Holders', 'new Shares', 'following terms', 'The Company', 'The Warrants', 'Subscription price', 'Business Day', '4 SUBSCRIPTION', '2 WARRANTS', '10:50am', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'CONDITIONS', 'SERIES', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', '1 DEFINITIONS', 'meanings', 'articles', 'association', 'reservation', 'accordance', 'Saturday', 'Sunday', 'regard', 'payment', 'bank', 'event', 'chapter', 'place', 'right', 'cash', 'number', 'section', 'request', 'exchange', 'behalf', 'result', 'paragraph', 'Registrations', 'period', '19 December', '11 May', 'Recalculation', 'value', 'Notification', 'way', 'amount']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23231,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COPPERSTONE-RESOURCES-AB-39433156/news/Copperstone-Resources-Appendix-A-ndash-Terms-for-incentive-program-2023-43544182/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Copperstone Resources : Appendix A – Terms for incentive program 2023,(marketscreener.com)   APPENDIX A   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR WARRANTS OF SERIES 2023/2027:1 FOR MANAGEMENT AND KEY PERSONNEL IN COPPERSTONE RESOURCES AB   1 DEFINITIONS   In these terms and conditions  the following terms shall have the meanings st…,"Copperstone Resources : Appendix A – Terms for incentive program 2023 04/19/2023 | 10:50am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields APPENDIX A TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR WARRANTS OF SERIES 2023/2027:1 FOR MANAGEMENT AND KEY PERSONNEL IN COPPERSTONE RESOURCES AB 1 DEFINITIONS In these terms and conditions  the following terms shall have the meanings stated below: ""Share"" or ""Shares"" means share or shares in the Company. ""The Swedish Companies Act"" means the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). ""Central Securities Depositary Company"" means a company whose articles of association contain a reservation stating that the company's shares must be registered in a central securities depository register in accordance with the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479) (CSD Clause). ""Business Day"" means a day that is not Saturday  Sunday or other public holiday or with regard to payment of promissory notes is not equated with public holiday in Sweden. ""the Company"" means Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  reg.no. 556704-4168. ""Euroclear"" means Euroclear Sweden AB or other central securities institution pursuant to the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479). ""Account operator"" means bank or other which  in the event the Company is a Central Securities Depositary Company  has been entitled to be an Account operator pursuant to the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479) and in which the Warrant Holder opened an account regarding Warrants. ""Market listing"" means listing of the Company's share on a regulated market or other organised trading facility. ""Warrant Holder"" means a holder of Warrant. ""Subscription"" means subscription of Shares in the Company in accordance with chapter 14 of the Swedish Companies Act in accordance with the conditions set out below. ""Subscription price"" means the price at which Subscription for new Shares by exercising of Warrant may take place. ""Warrant"" means a right to subscribe for new Shares in the Company against payment in cash in accordance with these terms. 2 WARRANTS The number of Warrants will be no more than 15 000 000. The Company shall  unless it has not resolved to affiliate the Warrants to the VPC system (whereby section 3 below is applicable)  issue warrant certificates payable to a specific person or to order  if requested by the Warrant Holder. The Company executes  on request from Warrant Holders  Subscription of new shares. If warrant certificates have been issued  Subscription shall take place in exchange for warrant certificates regarding the Warrants. 3 CSD REGISTER AND ACCOUNT OPERATOR If the Company resolves to affiliate the Warrants to the VPC system  Euroclear shall register the Warrants in a CSD register pursuant to the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial 1 | 14 Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479)  whereby no warrant certificates will be issued. The Warrants shall be registered on behalf of the Warrant Holder in an account in the Company's CSD register. Regarding registration in a CSD account as a result of measures pursuant to the paragraph above and sections 4-6 below  the Company commits to  when applicable  to call in an Account operator as responsible therefor. Registrations with regard to the Warrants as a result of measures in accordance with the section 4 and 6 below shall be arranged by the Account operator. Other registration measures with regard to the account may be carried out of the Account operator or another account operator. 4 SUBSCRIPTION The Warrant Holder is entitled to  during the period as of the day when the Warrants were registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office until and including 19 December 2027  or the earlier date which follows from section 6 below  for each Warrant invoke Subscription of one (1) new Share in the Company to a Subscription price per Share corresponding to the average volume-weighted price for the share on Nasdaq First North Growth Markets market quotation during a period of ten trading days which ends the day before the Company's annual general meeting on 11 May 2023 multiplicated with 1.5. Recalculation of the Subscription price  as well as number of new Shares each Warrant entitles to Subscription of  may take place in the events subject to section 6 below. However  the Subscription price must never be less than the Share's quotient value. Notification of Subscription is taking place by way of a written notice to the Company  or  in the event the Company has resolved to affiliate the Warrants to the VPC system  to the Account operator as instructed by the Company  whereby the Warrant Holder  on a determined and by the Company or the Account operator provided application form  shall state the amount of Shares which are requested to be subscribed for. Duly completed and signed application form shall be sent to the Company or the Account operator to the address stated in the application form in order to be available to the Company or the Account operator within the period as Subscription in accordance with the first paragraph above may be invoked. The Warrant Holder shall at the same time  when applicable  submit warrant certificates representing the number of Warrants which are wished to be exercised. Notice of Subscription is binding and cannot be revoked. Subscription may be made on several occasions and for the number of Shares which the Warrants held by the Warrant Holder entitles to and which the Warrant Holder wishes to exercise. For the avoidance of doubt  it is thus possible for a Warrant Holder to carry out Subscription on several different occasions. If the Company or the Account operator has not received the Warrant Holder's written notice of Subscription within the period of time stated in the first paragraph above  the right to Subscription ceases. Payment for subscribed Shares shall be made within five Business days after notice of Subscription has been submitted to the Account operator as instructed by the Company  to a bank account designated by the Company or the Account operator. After Subscription  the allocation of Shares is executed by way of that the new Shares are listed as interim shares in the share register held by Euroclear  and in the Warrant Holder's account in the Company's CSD register. After registration has been made with the Swedish Companies Registration Office  the registration of the new Shares in the share register  or when applicable in the Warrant Holder's account in the Company's CSD register  is final. As stated in section 6 below  the time for such registration may be postponed in certain cases. 2 | 14 5 DIVIDENDS IN RESPECT OF NEW SHARE A Share issued after Subscription  carries a right to dividend the first time at the general meeting which occurs on the record date for dividend  which occurs immediately after that the new Shares has been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and been registered in the share registered held by Euroclear. 6 RECALCULATION IN CERTAIN CASES If the Company  before the Warrants have been exercised  take certain measures stated below  the following shall apply with regard to recalculation: 6.1 Bonus Issue Where the Company carries out a bonus issue  where notice of Subscription is made at such time that it cannot be executed no later than on the tenth calendar day before the general meeting which shall resolve on the bonus issue  Subscription shall be executed after the meeting has resolved on the bonus issue. Shares acquired through Subscription executed after the resolution are interim registered in a CSD account  which entails no right to participate in the bonus issue. Final registration in a CSD account is first made after the record date for the bonus issue. Upon Subscription executed after the decision on the bonus issue  a recalculated Subscription Price as well as a recalculated number of Shares which each Warrant entitles to Subscription of  applies. The recalculation is made by the board of directors of the Company  in accordance with the following formulas: previous Subscription Price x number of Shares prior to the bonus issue Recalculated Subscription Price = Recalculated number of Shares to number of Shares after the bonus issue previous number of Shares to which each Warrant provides an entitlement to subscribe x the number of Shares after the bonus issue which each Warrant provides an = entitlement to subscribe Number of Shares prior to the bonus issue A recalculated Subscription Price and recalculated number of Shares in accordance with the provisions above shall be determined by the board of directors of the Company as soon as possible after the general meeting has adopted a bonus issue resolution  but first after the record date for the bonus issue. 6.2 Reverse share split or share split If the Company carries out a reverse split or a split of the Shares  the provisions under section 6.1 above shall be applied correspondingly  whereby the record date shall be the day when the reverse share split or the share split  on the Company's request  is made at Euroclear. 6.3 New issue If the Company carries out a rights issue pursuant to Chapter 13 of the Swedish Companies Act  with preferential rights for shareholders to subscribe for new shares against payment in cash or subject to a right of set-off  the following shall apply regarding the right to participate in the new issue  for a Share acquired through Subscription: 3 | 14 If the rights issue is resolved by the Company's board of directors  conditioned upon the approval of the general meeting or the support of authorization by the general meeting  the last day when Subscription shall be executed in order for a Share acquired through Subscription to convey a right to participate in the rights issue  shall be stated in the resolution on the rights issue. If the rights issue is decided by the general meeting  Subscription  where application for Subscription is made at such time that the subscription cannot be executed on the tenth calendar day before the general meeting resolving upon new issue of Shares at the latest  shall be executed first after the Company has executed recalculation in accordance with this section 6.3. Shares acquired through such Subscription shall be subject of interim registration on a CSD Account  entailing that such shares are not entitled to participate in the new issue. Upon Subscription executed at such time that right to participate in the rights issue is not conveyed  a recalculated Subscription Price and a recalculated number of Shares each Warrant entitles to Subscription of  apply. The recalculations shall be made by the Company in accordance with the following formulas: recalculated Subscription price the recalculated number of Shares each warrant entitles the Warrant Holder to subscribe for the previous Subscription price x the Share's average stock exchange price during the subscription period set forth in the resolution regarding the issue (the average price of the Share) = the average price of the Share as increased by the theoretical value of the subscription right calculated on the basis thereof the previous number of Shares which each Warrant entitles to x (the average price of the Share as increased by the theoretical value of the subscription right calculated on the basis thereof)the average price of the Share The average price of the share shall  upon Market listing  be considered equivalent to the average for each trading day of the calculated average of the highest and lowest transaction prices according to the market facility's market quotation or other market quotation for each trading day during the Subscription period. In the event no transaction price is quoted  the bid price which is quoted as the closing price shall form the basis of the calculation. Days for which neither a transaction price nor a bid price is quoted shall not be included for the purposes of the calculation. The theoretical value of the Subscription right is calculated in accordance with the following formula: the number of new Shares which can be issued at highest pursuant to the resolution regarding the issue x (the average price of the Share - the the value of the subscription right = subscription price for the new Share) the number of Shares prior to the resolution regarding the issue In the event that a negative value arises hereby  the theoretical value of the subscription right shall be determined to zero. Upon calculation in accordance with the formula above  the shares that is owned by the Company shall be ignored. 4 | 14 The above recalculated Subscription price and recalculated number of Shares is determined by the board of directors of the Company  two Business days after the end of the subscription period and shall be applied upon Subscription executed thereafter. In the event that the Company's Shares are not subject to Market listing  a recalculated Subscription price and a recalculated number of Shares shall be determined in accordance with the specified principles in this section 6.3. The recalculation shall be made by the board of directors of the Company  and shall be made upon the assumption that the value of the Warrant shall remain unchanged. During the time until the recalculated Subscription price and the recalculated number of Shares are determined  the Subscription is executed preliminary  whereby whole numbers of Shares which each Warrant is entitled to prior to recalculation  is interim registered in a CSD account. Furthermore  it is noted that each Warrant after recalculation may entitle to further Shares. Final registration in the CSD account is made after the recalculated Subscription price is determined. 6.4 Issue in accordance with Chapters 14 or 15 of the Swedish Companies Act If the Company carries out an issue pursuant to Chapter 14 or pursuant to Chapter 15 of the Swedish Companies Act with a preferential right for the shareholders and against payment in cash or with a right of set-off  shall  regarding the right to participate in the issue for Share acquired through Subscription exercising the Warrant  the provisions set forth in section 6.3 paragraph 1 and 2 above be applied correspondingly. For Subscriptions executed at such times that no right to participate in new issues of Shares arises  a recalculated Subscription price as well as a recalculated number of Shares to which each Warrant Holder is entitled shall be applied. The recalculation is made by the board of directors of the Company  in accordance with the following formulas: the previous subscription price x the Share's average stock exchange price during the subscription period set forth in the resolution regarding the issue (the average price of the Share) recalculated subscription price = the average price of the Share as increased by the value of the subscription right the previous number of Shares which each Warrant entitles to x (the average the recalculated number of price of the Share as increased by value of the = subscription right) Shares each Warrant entitles to the average price of the Share The average price of the Share shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions set forth in section 6.3 above. The average price of the share shall  upon Market listing  be considered equivalent to the average for each trading day of the calculated average of the highest and lowest transaction prices according to the market facility's market quotation or other market quotation for each trading day during the subscription period. In the event no transaction price is quoted  the bid price which is quoted as the closing price shall form the basis of the calculation. Days for which neither a transaction price nor a bid price is quoted shall not be included for the purposes of the calculation. 5 | 14 Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Copperstone Resources AB published this content on 19 April 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 19 April 2023 14:49:04 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about COPPERSTONE RESOURCES AB 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Item 1_ 9 and 10 – Nomination committee's proposals on chair.. PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Item 8b – Resolution regarding appropriation of the company'.. PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Item 11 – Proposal for issue authorisation PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Item 12 – Proposal for incentive program PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Item 13 – Proposal for incentive program PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Appendix A – Terms for incentive program 2023 PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Appendix B – Terms for incentive program 2023 PU 04/12 Copperstone Resources publishes Annual Report for 2022 AQ 03/30 Copperstone Resources : Fullmaktsformulär AGM 2023 (Eng) PU 03/30 Copperstone Resources : Kallelse (Eng) AGM 2023 Copperstone PU",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Copperstone Resources', 'Appendix A', 'incentive program', 'Terms', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Markets market quotation', 'Swedish Central Securities Depositories', 'other central securities institution', 'other organised trading facility', 'central securities depository register', 'Financial Instruments Accounts Act', 'Swedish Companies Registration Office', 'Central Securities Depositary Company', 'The Swedish Companies Act', '14 Instruments Accounts Act', 'ten trading days', 'multiple email addresses', 'annual general meeting', 'other public holiday', 'average volume-weighted price', 'Other registration measures', 'Copperstone Resources AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'one (1) new Share', 'First name', 'regulated market', 'Market listing', '3 CSD REGISTER', 'Appendix A', 'incentive program', 'CSD Clause', 'promissory notes', 'VPC system', 'specific person', 'earlier date', 'written notice', 'application form', 'Account operator', 'CSD account', 'warrant certificates', 'Warrant Holders', 'new Shares', 'The Company', 'Subscription price', 'Business Day', 'following terms', 'The Warrants', '4 SUBSCRIPTION', '2 WARRANTS', '10:50am', 'commas', 'Message', 'Required', 'fields', 'CONDITIONS', 'SERIES', 'MANAGEMENT', 'PERSONNEL', '1 DEFINITIONS', 'meanings', 'articles', 'association', 'reservation', 'accordance', 'Saturday', 'Sunday', 'regard', 'payment', 'bank', 'event', 'chapter', 'place', 'right', 'cash', 'number', 'section', 'request', 'exchange', 'behalf', 'result', 'paragraph', 'Registrations', 'period', '19 December', '11 May', 'Recalculation', 'value', 'Notification', 'way', 'amount']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23232,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2649771/0/en/Decisions-by-NoHo-Partners-Plc-s-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Decisions by NoHo Partners Plc's Annual General Meeting,NoHo Partners Plc  STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 19 APRIL 2023 at 12:30 EET  Decisions by NoHo Partners Plc's Annual General Meeting  The Annual General...,"English FinnishNoHo Partners PlcSTOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 19 APRIL 2023 at 12:30 EETDecisions by NoHo Partners Plc's Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting (AGM) of NoHo Partners Plc was held in Tampere today  19 April 2023. The AGM approved all of the proposals submitted to the AGM and approved the Remuneration Report. The AGM adopted the financial statements for 2022 and discharged the company’s management from liability for the financial period 1 January 2022–31 December 2022.DividendThe AGM approved the Board of Directors' proposal that  based on the adopted balance sheet of the financial period ending on 31 December 2022  a dividend of EUR 0.40 per share will be paid at the time of dividend payment on shares owned by external shareholders. The dividend will be paid in two (2) instalments  such that the first instalment of EUR 0.20 per share is paid on 24 May 2023 to shareholders who have been recorded in the company’s shareholder list maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy by the record date of 11 May 2023. In addition  in accordance with the proposal by the Board of Directors  the AGM authorised the AGM to later decide  according to its discretion  the record and payment date for the second instalment of the dividend  however in such a way that the second instalment is paid no later than by 20 October 2023 with a record date five weekdays prior to payment date.Board of DirectorsIn accordance with the proposal made by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee  the AGM decided that the number of members of the Board of Directors is six.The AGM decided that the current members of the Board of Directors  Mia Ahlström  Timo Laine  Mika Niemi  Yrjö Närhinen  Petri Olkinuora and Kai Seikku be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term of office concluding at the end of the first AGM following the election. The AGM elected Timo Laine as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Yrjö Närhinen as Vice-Chairman.The AGM decided that  for the term of office concluding at the end of the first AGM following their election  the remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors is paid as follows: the annual remuneration of the chairperson of the Board of Directors is EUR 60 000  the annual remuneration of the deputy chairperson is EUR 45 000 and the annual remuneration of the other members of the Board is EUR 30 000. No proposal to pay separate attendance allowances. As an exception to the aforementioned  a separate remuneration per meeting shall be paid to the persons elected to the committees as follows: to the EUR 1 000 and to the members EUR 500. Travel expenses are reimbursed in accordance with the company’s travel rules.AuditorThe AGM selected Ernst & Young Oy  a firm of authorised public accountants  as the company’s auditor for a term of office concluding at the end of the first AGM following the selection. Juha Hilmola  APA  will act as the company’s responsible auditor.In accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal  the AGM decided that the auditor’s remuneration will be paid based on the invoice approved by the company.Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe AGM approved the Board’s proposal to amend the first paragraph of Section 10 of the Articles of Association (currently ""Annual General Meeting of Shareholders"") so that the title and the first paragraph of Section 10 of the Articles of Association would read in their entirety as follows  and the rest of Section 10 would remain unchanged:“Section 10 General Meeting of ShareholdersThe General Meeting of Shareholders may be held in Tampere  Helsinki  Espoo or Vantaa. The Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting of Shareholders will be held without a meeting venue so that shareholders exercise their decision-making power during the meeting in full in real time using telecommunications connections and technological means (virtual meeting). The Board of Directors may also decide that participation in the General Meeting is also permitted such that a shareholder exercises their full decision-making power during the General Meeting using a remote connection and technical means (hybrid meeting).”Authorisation to purchase the company’s own sharesThe AGM decided to withdraw the previous unused authorisations to purchase the company’s own shares and authorise the Board of Directors to decide upon the purchase of a maximum of 800 000 of the company’s own shares in one or several tranches using the company’s unrestricted equity under the following conditions:The shares are to be acquired in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd  due to which the purchase will take place in directed manner  i.e. otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders  and the consideration paid for the shares will be the market price of NoHo Partners Plc’s shares at the time of the purchase. Shares are to be acquired to be used to finance or implement potential mergers or acquisitions or other arrangements  to implement the company’s incentive schemes or for other purposes decided by the company’s board of directors. The maximum number of shares that can be acquired corresponds to approximately 3.9% of all of the shares and votes in the company calculated based on the number of shares on the date of the notice convening the General Meeting.The board of directors will decide upon other terms related to the repurchase of company shares.The authorisation is valid until the end of the next annual General Meeting  but for no more than 18 months from the General Meeting’s resolution on the authorisation.Authorisation to decide on issuance of shares and/or the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe AGM decided to withdraw previous share issue authorisations and authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and/or option rights or other special rights entitling to shares as follows:The maximum number of shares to be issued pursuant to the authorisation in one or more tranches is 3 000 000  corresponding to approximately 14.5% of all registered shares in the company calculated based on the number of shares on the date of the notice convening the General Meeting.The share issue and/or issue of option rights or other special rights can be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue).The authorisation can be used  for example  to implement mergers or acquisitions or financing arrangements  to develop the company’s equity structure  to improve the liquidity of the company’s shares  to implement the company’s incentive schemes or for other purposes decided by the company’s board of directors. Under the authorisation  a maximum of 281 828 shares may be issued for the implementation of the company’s incentive schemes  which corresponds to approximately 1.4% of all registered shares in the company calculated based on the number of shares on the date of the notice convening the General Meeting.Under the authorisation  the board of directors may issue either new shares or treasury shares. The board of directors would be authorised to decide on all other conditions of the issuance of shares and/or option rights or other special rights.The authorisation is valid until the end of the next annual General Meeting  but for no more than 18 months from the General Meeting’s resolution on the authorisation.Minutes of the Annual General MeetingThe minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the company’s website at the above website no later than on 3 May 2023.Tampere  19 April 2023NoHo Partners PlcAdditional information:Aku Vikström  CEO  NoHo Partners Plc  tel. +358 44 235 7817Jarno Suominen  Deputy CEO  NoHo Partners Plc  tel. +358 40 721 5655Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediawww.noho.fi/enNoHo Partners Plc is a Finnish group established in 1996  specialising in restaurant services. The company  which was listed on Nasdaq Helsinki in 2013 and became the first Finnish listed restaurant company  has continued to grow strongly throughout its history. The Group companies include some 250 restaurants in Finland  Denmark and Norway. The well-known restaurant concepts of the company include Elite  Savoy  Teatteri  Sea Horse  Stefan’s Steakhouse  Palace  Löyly  Hanko Aasia  Friends & Brgrs  Campingen and Cock’s & Cows. Depending on the season  the Group employs approximately 2 300 people converted into full-time employees. The Group aims to achieve turnover of MEUR 400 by the end of 2024. The company’s vision is to be the leading restaurant company in Northern Europe.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.39,0.43,True,English,"['NoHo Partners Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Decisions', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'NoHo Partners Plc', 'Mia Ahlström', 'Yrjö Närhinen', 'previous unused authorisations', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'separate attendance allowances', 'authorised public accountants', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'full decision-making power', 'Section 10 General Meeting', 'Young Oy', 'public trading', 'annual remuneration', 'separate remuneration', 'meeting venue', 'virtual meeting', 'hybrid meeting', 'English Finnish', 'EXCHANGE RELEASE', '12:30 EET Decisions', 'financial statements', 'financial period', 'balance sheet', 'two (2) instalments', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'Timo Laine', 'Mika Niemi', 'Petri Olkinuora', 'Kai Seikku', 'Travel expenses', 'travel rules', 'Juha Hilmola', 'first paragraph', 'telecommunications connections', 'technological means', 'remote connection', 'technical means', 'several tranches', 'unrestricted equity', 'following conditions', 'market price', 'potential mergers', 'other arrangements', 'incentive schemes', 'other purposes', 'Remuneration Report', 'Remuneration Committee', 'The AGM', 'record date', 'payment date', 'first AGM', 'shareholder list', 'deputy chairperson', 'current members', 'other members', 'real time', 'responsible auditor', 'external shareholders', ""Directors' proposal"", 'Directors’ proposal', 'APRIL', 'Tampere', 'proposals', 'company', 'management', 'liability', 'January', 'December', 'Dividend', 'Board', 'shares', '24 May', '11 May', 'addition', 'accordance', 'discretion', 'way', '20 October', 'Nomination', 'number', 'term', 'office', 'election', 'Chairman', 'exception', 'persons', 'committees', 'Ernst', 'firm', 'APA', 'invoice', 'Amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'title', 'entirety', 'Espoo', 'Vantaa', 'participation', 'purchase', 'maximum', 'one', 'place', 'directed', 'manner', 'proportion', 'shareholdings', 'consideration', 'acquisitions', '2022']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23233,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NOHO-PARTNERS-OYJ-15022453/news/Decisions-by-NoHo-Partners-Plc-s-Annual-General-Meeting-43538788/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Decisions by NoHo Partners Plc's Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) NoHo Partners Plc STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 19 APRIL 2023 at 12:30 EET Decisions by NoHo Partners Plc's Annual General Meeting The Annual General Meeting of NoHo Partners Plc was held in Tampere today  19 April 2023. The AGM approved all of …,"NoHo Partners PlcSTOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 19 APRIL 2023 at 12:30 EETDecisions by NoHo Partners Plc's Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting (AGM) of NoHo Partners Plc was held in Tampere today  19 April 2023. The AGM approved all of the proposals submitted to the AGM and approved the Remuneration Report. The AGM adopted the financial statements for 2022 and discharged the company’s management from liability for the financial period 1 January 2022–31 December 2022.DividendThe AGM approved the Board of Directors' proposal that  based on the adopted balance sheet of the financial period ending on 31 December 2022  a dividend of EUR 0.40 per share will be paid at the time of dividend payment on shares owned by external shareholders. The dividend will be paid in two (2) instalments  such that the first instalment of EUR 0.20 per share is paid on 24 May 2023 to shareholders who have been recorded in the company’s shareholder list maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy by the record date of 11 May 2023. In addition  in accordance with the proposal by the Board of Directors  the AGM authorised the AGM to later decide  according to its discretion  the record and payment date for the second instalment of the dividend  however in such a way that the second instalment is paid no later than by 20 October 2023 with a record date five weekdays prior to payment date.Board of DirectorsIn accordance with the proposal made by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee  the AGM decided that the number of members of the Board of Directors is six.The AGM decided that the current members of the Board of Directors  Mia Ahlström  Timo Laine  Mika Niemi  Yrjö Närhinen  Petri Olkinuora and Kai Seikku be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term of office concluding at the end of the first AGM following the election. The AGM elected Timo Laine as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Yrjö Närhinen as Vice-Chairman.The AGM decided that  for the term of office concluding at the end of the first AGM following their election  the remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors is paid as follows: the annual remuneration of the chairperson of the Board of Directors is EUR 60 000  the annual remuneration of the deputy chairperson is EUR 45 000 and the annual remuneration of the other members of the Board is EUR 30 000. No proposal to pay separate attendance allowances. As an exception to the aforementioned  a separate remuneration per meeting shall be paid to the persons elected to the committees as follows: to the EUR 1 000 and to the members EUR 500. Travel expenses are reimbursed in accordance with the company’s travel rules.AuditorThe AGM selected Ernst & Young Oy  a firm of authorised public accountants  as the company’s auditor for a term of office concluding at the end of the first AGM following the selection. Juha Hilmola  APA  will act as the company’s responsible auditor.In accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal  the AGM decided that the auditor’s remuneration will be paid based on the invoice approved by the company.Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe AGM approved the Board’s proposal to amend the first paragraph of Section 10 of the Articles of Association (currently ""Annual General Meeting of Shareholders"") so that the title and the first paragraph of Section 10 of the Articles of Association would read in their entirety as follows  and the rest of Section 10 would remain unchanged:“Section 10 General Meeting of ShareholdersThe General Meeting of Shareholders may be held in Tampere  Helsinki  Espoo or Vantaa. The Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting of Shareholders will be held without a meeting venue so that shareholders exercise their decision-making power during the meeting in full in real time using telecommunications connections and technological means (virtual meeting). The Board of Directors may also decide that participation in the General Meeting is also permitted such that a shareholder exercises their full decision-making power during the General Meeting using a remote connection and technical means (hybrid meeting).”Authorisation to purchase the company’s own sharesThe AGM decided to withdraw the previous unused authorisations to purchase the company’s own shares and authorise the Board of Directors to decide upon the purchase of a maximum of 800 000 of the company’s own shares in one or several tranches using the company’s unrestricted equity under the following conditions:The shares are to be acquired in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd  due to which the purchase will take place in directed manner  i.e. otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders  and the consideration paid for the shares will be the market price of NoHo Partners Plc’s shares at the time of the purchase. Shares are to be acquired to be used to finance or implement potential mergers or acquisitions or other arrangements  to implement the company’s incentive schemes or for other purposes decided by the company’s board of directors. The maximum number of shares that can be acquired corresponds to approximately 3.9% of all of the shares and votes in the company calculated based on the number of shares on the date of the notice convening the General Meeting.The board of directors will decide upon other terms related to the repurchase of company shares.The authorisation is valid until the end of the next annual General Meeting  but for no more than 18 months from the General Meeting’s resolution on the authorisation.Authorisation to decide on issuance of shares and/or the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe AGM decided to withdraw previous share issue authorisations and authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and/or option rights or other special rights entitling to shares as follows:The maximum number of shares to be issued pursuant to the authorisation in one or more tranches is 3 000 000  corresponding to approximately 14.5% of all registered shares in the company calculated based on the number of shares on the date of the notice convening the General Meeting.The share issue and/or issue of option rights or other special rights can be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue).The authorisation can be used  for example  to implement mergers or acquisitions or financing arrangements  to develop the company’s equity structure  to improve the liquidity of the company’s shares  to implement the company’s incentive schemes or for other purposes decided by the company’s board of directors. Under the authorisation  a maximum of 281 828 shares may be issued for the implementation of the company’s incentive schemes  which corresponds to approximately 1.4% of all registered shares in the company calculated based on the number of shares on the date of the notice convening the General Meeting.Under the authorisation  the board of directors may issue either new shares or treasury shares. The board of directors would be authorised to decide on all other conditions of the issuance of shares and/or option rights or other special rights.The authorisation is valid until the end of the next annual General Meeting  but for no more than 18 months from the General Meeting’s resolution on the authorisation.Minutes of the Annual General MeetingThe minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the company’s website at the above website no later than on 3 May 2023.Tampere  19 April 2023NoHo Partners PlcAdditional information:Aku Vikström  CEO  NoHo Partners Plc  tel. +358 44 235 7817Jarno Suominen  Deputy CEO  NoHo Partners Plc  tel. +358 40 721 5655Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediawww.noho.fi/enNoHo Partners Plc is a Finnish group established in 1996  specialising in restaurant services. The company  which was listed on Nasdaq Helsinki in 2013 and became the first Finnish listed restaurant company  has continued to grow strongly throughout its history. The Group companies include some 250 restaurants in Finland  Denmark and Norway. The well-known restaurant concepts of the company include Elite  Savoy  Teatteri  Sea Horse  Stefan’s Steakhouse  Palace  Löyly  Hanko Aasia  Friends & Brgrs  Campingen and Cock’s & Cows. Depending on the season  the Group employs approximately 2 300 people converted into full-time employees. The Group aims to achieve turnover of MEUR 400 by the end of 2024. The company’s vision is to be the leading restaurant company in Northern Europe.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['NoHo Partners Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Decisions', 'NoHo Partners Plc', 'Mia Ahlström', 'Yrjö Närhinen', 'previous unused authorisations', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'separate attendance allowances', 'authorised public accountants', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'Annual General Meeting', 'full decision-making power', 'Section 10 General Meeting', 'Young Oy', 'public trading', 'annual remuneration', 'separate remuneration', 'meeting venue', 'virtual meeting', 'hybrid meeting', 'EXCHANGE RELEASE', '12:30 EET Decisions', 'financial statements', 'financial period', 'balance sheet', 'two (2) instalments', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'Timo Laine', 'Mika Niemi', 'Petri Olkinuora', 'Kai Seikku', 'Travel expenses', 'travel rules', 'Juha Hilmola', 'first paragraph', 'telecommunications connections', 'technological means', 'remote connection', 'technical means', 'several tranches', 'unrestricted equity', 'following conditions', 'directed manner', 'market price', 'potential mergers', 'other arrangements', 'incentive schemes', 'other purposes', 'Remuneration Report', 'Remuneration Committee', 'record date', 'payment date', 'first AGM', 'The AGM', 'shareholder list', 'deputy chairperson', 'current members', 'other members', 'real time', 'responsible auditor', 'external shareholders', ""Directors' proposal"", 'Directors’ proposal', 'APRIL', 'Tampere', 'proposals', 'company', 'management', 'liability', 'January', 'December', 'Dividend', 'Board', 'shares', '24 May', '11 May', 'addition', 'accordance', 'discretion', 'way', '20 October', 'Nomination', 'number', 'term', 'office', 'election', 'Chairman', 'exception', 'persons', 'committees', 'Ernst', 'firm', 'APA', 'invoice', 'Amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'title', 'entirety', 'Espoo', 'Vantaa', 'participation', 'purchase', 'maximum', 'one', 'place', 'proportion', 'shareholdings', 'consideration', 'acquisitions']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23234,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOREO-OYJ-1412572/news/Decisions-taken-by-Boreo-Plc-s-Annual-General-Meeting-and-the-organizing-meeting-of-Board-of-Directo-43544316/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Decisions taken by Boreo Plc's Annual General Meeting and the organizing meeting of Board of Directors on 19 April 2023,(marketscreener.com) BOREO PLC                        Stock exchange release                         19 April at 18:00 EET Decisions taken by Boreo Plc’s Annual General...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOREO-OYJ-1412572/news/Decisions-taken-by-Bor…,BOREO PLC Stock exchange release 19 April at 18:00 EETDecisions taken by Boreo Plc’s Annual General Meeting and the organizing meeting of Board of Directors on 19 April 2023The General Meeting of Boreo Plc was held on 19 April 2023 at the company’s headquarter at Ansatie 5  Vantaa.23 shareholders representing 2 113 024 shares and votes (approximately 78.22 per cent of all the company’s shares) were represented at the General Meeting.The General Meeting took the following decisions:Adoption of the Financial StatementThe General Meeting adopted Boreo Plc’s and group’s financial statement for financial year 1 January 2022 – 31 December 2022.Use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe General Meeting resolved based on the board’s proposal to pay a dividend of EUR 0.22 per share for the financial year 2022. The dividend shall be paid to a shareholder who on the record date of the payment  21 April 2023 is registered as a shareholder in the shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The dividend shall be paid on 4 May 2023.The General Meeting resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a distribution of second dividend in the maximum amount of EUR 0.22 per share later during the year 2023. The Board of Directors shall resolve on the possible payment separately and shall confirm the record and payment dates.Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liabilityThe members of the Board of Directors and the CEO were discharged from liability for the financial year 2022.Presentation of the Remuneration ReportThe General Meeting resolved to approve the company’s remuneration report. The resolution on remuneration report is advisory.Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors and the remuneration of the Board members of the Board of DirectorsThe General Meeting resolved that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be six (6).The General Meeting resolved that the monthly fee payable to the Chair of the Board of Directors is EUR 4 000 and the monthly fee for the ordinary members of the Board of Directors is EUR 2 000. The General Meeting resolved that for the Chair of the Audit Committee a monthly fee of EUR 1 000 shall be paid in addition to the board fee and for the Chair of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee a monthly fee of EUR 500 shall be paid in addition to the board fee. The General Meeting further resolved that for participation in meetings of the Board of Directors and Committees of the Board of Directors  a fee of EUR 500 per each meeting shall be paid. It was resolved that 40 % of the total amount of the board fees payable to the ordinary members of the Board by the next annual general meeting shall be paid by company’s own shares and 60 % of the total amount of the fees payable shall be paid in cash. No share compensation shall be paid to the indirect majority shareholder of the company because it is not in the company’s interest to add the shareholding of the indirect majority shareholder by means of board fees.Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe General Meeting re-elected Simon Hallqvist  Ralf Holmlund  Jouni Grönroos  Camilla Grönholm and Michaela von Wendt as members of the Board of Directors and Noora Neilimo-Kontio was elected as a new member of the Board of Directors.Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe General Meeting resolved to pay the remuneration to the auditor elected against the auditor’s reasonable invoice.Election of the AuditorThe General Meeting resolved to elect Moore Idman Oy as the auditor of the company APA Jari Paloniemi as the auditor with principal responsibility.Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe General Meeting resolved to amend the Articles of Association to enable holding a general meeting in Helsinki or Espoo in addition to the company’s domicile or entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. In its amended form  the Article 9 § of the Articles of Association shall read as follows (unofficial translation from the Finnish wording):9. The notice of a General Meeting and other notices to the shareholders shall be delivered by publishing the notice of meeting as stock exchange release no more than three (3) months and no less than three (3) weeks prior to the General Meeting  however  always at least nine (9) days prior to the record date of the General Meeting. To use their right to attend to the General Meeting the shareholders shall register for the meeting by the date notified in the notice to the general meeting. The registration date may be earliest ten (10) days before the general meeting.The General Meeting shall be held in Vantaa  Helsinki or Espoo. In addition  the Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting is held without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.The Articles of Association shall remain unchanged in other respects.Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of option rights and special rights entitling to shares and transfer of company’s own sharesThe General Meeting resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to decide on one or several issuances of shares  stock options and related special rights entitling to the company’s shares in accordance with Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act as follows:The number of the shares issued based on the authorization shall be maximum 540 000 shares equalling approximately 20 percent of the company’s all shares at the date of the notice to the General Meeting.The authorization includes a right to decide an issuance of either new or the company’s own shares with or without payment. New shares and option and special rights entitling to the company’s shares or transfer of company’s own shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights if there are weighty financial reasons on the company’s part or in case of a share issue without a payment if there are especially weighty reasons both on the part of the company and the interest of all shareholders. The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all terms and conditions concerning the issuance of shares and the related special rights and transferring of the company’s own shares.The share issuance authorization may be used among other reasons for commitment of the personnel  carrying out share-based incentive programmes  development of the business and the capital structure  expanding the shareholding  implementation of the share purchase and business asset deals  or financing of acquiring assets for company’s business or other projects. The authorization concerning granting of stock options and special rights entitling to company’s shares may be used for the same purposes as the share issuance authorization save the commitment of the personnel and implementation of share-based incentive programmes.The authorization is effective until the end of the next annual general meeting  however no longer than until 30 June 2024.The authorization shall not have an effect on any earlier decisions or authorizations regarding share issues  option or other special rights to shares.Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe General Meeting resolved to authorise the Board of Directors to decide on one or several repurchase of the company’s own shares with the company’s unrestricted equity as follows:The number of own shares to be repurchased based on the authorization shall not exceed 270 000 shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 10 per cent of all the shares in the company at the date of the notice to General Meeting. The resolution on repurchasing of company’s own shares shall not be made in a manner that the company would possess more than ten per cent of all shares in the company. Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorization in order to develop the company’s capital structure  finance or carry out acquisitions  carry out share-based incentive programs  payment of the board fees or otherwise to transfer or to cancel the shares.The minimum share purchase price to be paid for the shares may be the lowest public trading price and the highest share purchase price may the highest public trading price of the company’s share during the validation of this authorization.Own shares can be repurchased in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights if there are weighty financial reasons on the company’s part.The authorization is effective until the end of the next annual general meeting  however no longer than until 30 June 2024.Decisions of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors elected in its first meeting after the General Meeting Simon Hallqvist as the Chair of the Board. The Board of Directors elected also members to its Committees. Jouni Grönroos (the Chair)  Noora Neilimo-Kontio and Ralf Holmlund were elected as the members of the Audit Committee. Camilla Grönholm (the Chair)  Simon Hallqvist and Michaela von Wendt were elected as the members of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.Minutes of the General MeetingThe minutes of the General Meeting will be available on company's websitewww.boreo.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 latest on 3 May 2023.In Vantaa  19 April 2023Boreo PlcKari NergCEODistribution:NASDAQ Helsinki LtdFIN-FSAPrincipal mediawww.boreo.comFurther information:CEO Kari Nerg+358 44 341 8514Boreo in brief:Boreo is a company listed on Nasdaq Helsinki that creates value by owning  acquiring and developing small and medium sized companies in Northern Europe. Boreo's business operations are organized into three business areas: Electronics  Technical Trade and Heavy Machines.Boreo’s main objective is to create shareholder value in the long-term. It aims to achieve this with an acquisition-driven strategy  creating optimal conditions for its businesses to increase sales and improve profitability  and by being a best-in-class home for its companies and personnel. ​The Group's net sales in 2022 were EUR 160 million and it employs over 300 people in seven countries. The company’s headquarter is in Vantaa.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.28,0.49,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'organizing meeting', 'Boreo Plc', 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Directors', '19 April', 'BOREO PLC Stock exchange release', 'next annual general meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Jouni Grönroos', 'Camilla Grönholm', 'Michaela von Wendt', 'Moore Idman Oy', 'APA Jari Paloniemi', 'indirect majority shareholder', 'The General Meeting', 'The Ar', 'organizing meeting', 'meeting venue', 'remote meeting', 'The Board', '78.22 per cent', 'Financial Statement', 'balance sheet', 'second dividend', 'maximum amount', 'Audit Committee', 'total amount', 'Simon Hallqvist', 'Ralf Holmlund', 'Noora Neilimo-Kontio', 'new member', 'reasonable invoice', 'principal responsibility', 'unofficial translation', 'Finnish wording', 'other notices', 'three (3) months', 'real time', 'telecommunication connection', 'monthly fee', 'financial year', 'registration date', 'Remuneration Report', 'Remuneration Committee', 'following decisions', 'possible payment', 'payment dates', 'technical means', 'record date', 'ordinary members', 'share compensation', 'shareholders’ register', 'board fee', 'Board members', 'fees', '23 shareholders', 'April', '18:00 EET', 'Directors', 'company', 'headquarter', 'Ansatie', 'Vantaa', '2,113,024 shares', 'votes', 'Adoption', 'group', 'January', '31 December', 'Use', 'profit', 'proposal', '4 May', 'distribution', 'Resolution', 'discharge', 'CEO', 'liability', 'Presentation', 'number', 'Chair', 'addition', 'Nomination', 'participation', 'meetings', 'Committees', 'cash', 'interest', 'shareholding', 'Election', 'Auditor', 'Amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Helsinki', 'Espoo', 'domicile', 'amended', 'form', 'less', 'right', 'power', 'full']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23235,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2650305/0/en/Decisions-taken-by-Boreo-Plc-s-Annual-General-Meeting-and-the-organizing-meeting-of-Board-of-Directors-on-19-April-2023.html,Decisions taken by Boreo Plc’s Annual General Meeting and the organizing meeting of Board of Directors on 19 April 2023,BOREO PLC                        Stock exchange release                         19 April at 18:00 EET           Decisions taken by Boreo Plc’s Annual......,English FinnishBOREO PLC Stock exchange release 19 April at 18:00 EETDecisions taken by Boreo Plc’s Annual General Meeting and the organizing meeting of Board of Directors on 19 April 2023The General Meeting of Boreo Plc was held on 19 April 2023 at the company’s headquarter at Ansatie 5  Vantaa.23 shareholders representing 2 113 024 shares and votes (approximately 78.22 per cent of all the company’s shares) were represented at the General Meeting.The General Meeting took the following decisions:Adoption of the Financial StatementThe General Meeting adopted Boreo Plc’s and group’s financial statement for financial year 1 January 2022 – 31 December 2022.Use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe General Meeting resolved based on the board’s proposal to pay a dividend of EUR 0.22 per share for the financial year 2022. The dividend shall be paid to a shareholder who on the record date of the payment  21 April 2023 is registered as a shareholder in the shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The dividend shall be paid on 4 May 2023.The General Meeting resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a distribution of second dividend in the maximum amount of EUR 0.22 per share later during the year 2023. The Board of Directors shall resolve on the possible payment separately and shall confirm the record and payment dates.Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liabilityThe members of the Board of Directors and the CEO were discharged from liability for the financial year 2022.Presentation of the Remuneration ReportThe General Meeting resolved to approve the company’s remuneration report. The resolution on remuneration report is advisory.Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors and the remuneration of the Board members of the Board of DirectorsThe General Meeting resolved that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be six (6).The General Meeting resolved that the monthly fee payable to the Chair of the Board of Directors is EUR 4 000 and the monthly fee for the ordinary members of the Board of Directors is EUR 2 000. The General Meeting resolved that for the Chair of the Audit Committee a monthly fee of EUR 1 000 shall be paid in addition to the board fee and for the Chair of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee a monthly fee of EUR 500 shall be paid in addition to the board fee. The General Meeting further resolved that for participation in meetings of the Board of Directors and Committees of the Board of Directors  a fee of EUR 500 per each meeting shall be paid. It was resolved that 40 % of the total amount of the board fees payable to the ordinary members of the Board by the next annual general meeting shall be paid by company’s own shares and 60 % of the total amount of the fees payable shall be paid in cash. No share compensation shall be paid to the indirect majority shareholder of the company because it is not in the company’s interest to add the shareholding of the indirect majority shareholder by means of board fees.Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe General Meeting re-elected Simon Hallqvist  Ralf Holmlund  Jouni Grönroos  Camilla Grönholm and Michaela von Wendt as members of the Board of Directors and Noora Neilimo-Kontio was elected as a new member of the Board of Directors.Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe General Meeting resolved to pay the remuneration to the auditor elected against the auditor’s reasonable invoice.Election of the AuditorThe General Meeting resolved to elect Moore Idman Oy as the auditor of the company APA Jari Paloniemi as the auditor with principal responsibility.Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe General Meeting resolved to amend the Articles of Association to enable holding a general meeting in Helsinki or Espoo in addition to the company’s domicile or entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. In its amended form  the Article 9 § of the Articles of Association shall read as follows (unofficial translation from the Finnish wording):9. The notice of a General Meeting and other notices to the shareholders shall be delivered by publishing the notice of meeting as stock exchange release no more than three (3) months and no less than three (3) weeks prior to the General Meeting  however  always at least nine (9) days prior to the record date of the General Meeting. To use their right to attend to the General Meeting the shareholders shall register for the meeting by the date notified in the notice to the general meeting. The registration date may be earliest ten (10) days before the general meeting.The General Meeting shall be held in Vantaa  Helsinki or Espoo. In addition  the Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting is held without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.The Articles of Association shall remain unchanged in other respects.Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of option rights and special rights entitling to shares and transfer of company’s own sharesThe General Meeting resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to decide on one or several issuances of shares  stock options and related special rights entitling to the company’s shares in accordance with Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act as follows:The number of the shares issued based on the authorization shall be maximum 540 000 shares equalling approximately 20 percent of the company’s all shares at the date of the notice to the General Meeting.The authorization includes a right to decide an issuance of either new or the company’s own shares with or without payment. New shares and option and special rights entitling to the company’s shares or transfer of company’s own shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights if there are weighty financial reasons on the company’s part or in case of a share issue without a payment if there are especially weighty reasons both on the part of the company and the interest of all shareholders. The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on all terms and conditions concerning the issuance of shares and the related special rights and transferring of the company’s own shares.The share issuance authorization may be used among other reasons for commitment of the personnel  carrying out share-based incentive programmes  development of the business and the capital structure  expanding the shareholding  implementation of the share purchase and business asset deals  or financing of acquiring assets for company’s business or other projects. The authorization concerning granting of stock options and special rights entitling to company’s shares may be used for the same purposes as the share issuance authorization save the commitment of the personnel and implementation of share-based incentive programmes.The authorization is effective until the end of the next annual general meeting  however no longer than until 30 June 2024.The authorization shall not have an effect on any earlier decisions or authorizations regarding share issues  option or other special rights to shares.Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe General Meeting resolved to authorise the Board of Directors to decide on one or several repurchase of the company’s own shares with the company’s unrestricted equity as follows:The number of own shares to be repurchased based on the authorization shall not exceed 270 000 shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 10 per cent of all the shares in the company at the date of the notice to General Meeting. The resolution on repurchasing of company’s own shares shall not be made in a manner that the company would possess more than ten per cent of all shares in the company. Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorization in order to develop the company’s capital structure  finance or carry out acquisitions  carry out share-based incentive programs  payment of the board fees or otherwise to transfer or to cancel the shares.The minimum share purchase price to be paid for the shares may be the lowest public trading price and the highest share purchase price may the highest public trading price of the company’s share during the validation of this authorization.Own shares can be repurchased in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights if there are weighty financial reasons on the company’s part.The authorization is effective until the end of the next annual general meeting  however no longer than until 30 June 2024.Decisions of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors elected in its first meeting after the General Meeting Simon Hallqvist as the Chair of the Board. The Board of Directors elected also members to its Committees. Jouni Grönroos (the Chair)  Noora Neilimo-Kontio and Ralf Holmlund were elected as the members of the Audit Committee. Camilla Grönholm (the Chair)  Simon Hallqvist and Michaela von Wendt were elected as the members of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.Minutes of the General MeetingThe minutes of the General Meeting will be available on company's websitewww.boreo.com/en/investors/corporate_governance/annual_general_meeting_2023 latest on 3 May 2023.In Vantaa  19 April 2023Boreo PlcKari NergCEODistribution:NASDAQ Helsinki LtdFIN-FSAPrincipal mediawww.boreo.comFurther information:CEO Kari Nerg+358 44 341 8514Boreo in brief:Boreo is a company listed on Nasdaq Helsinki that creates value by owning  acquiring and developing small and medium sized companies in Northern Europe. Boreo's business operations are organized into three business areas: Electronics  Technical Trade and Heavy Machines.Boreo’s main objective is to create shareholder value in the long-term. It aims to achieve this with an acquisition-driven strategy  creating optimal conditions for its businesses to increase sales and improve profitability  and by being a best-in-class home for its companies and personnel. ​The Group's net sales in 2022 were EUR 160 million and it employs over 300 people in seven countries. The company’s headquarter is in Vantaa.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.55,0.44,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'organizing meeting', 'Boreo Plc', 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Directors', '19 April', 'BOREO PLC Stock exchange release', 'next annual general meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Jouni Grönroos', 'Camilla Grönholm', 'Michaela von Wendt', 'Moore Idman Oy', 'APA Jari Paloniemi', 'The General Meeting', 'indirect majority shareholder', 'organizing meeting', 'meeting venue', 'remote meeting', 'English Finnish', '78.22 per cent', 'Financial Statement', 'balance sheet', 'second dividend', 'maximum amount', 'Audit Committee', 'total amount', 'Simon Hallqvist', 'Ralf Holmlund', 'Noora Neilimo-Kontio', 'new member', 'reasonable invoice', 'principal responsibility', 'amended form', 'unofficial translation', 'Finnish wording', 'other notices', 'three (3) months', 'real time', 'telecommunication connection', 'monthly fee', 'financial year', 'registration date', 'Remuneration Report', 'Remuneration Committee', 'following decisions', 'possible payment', 'payment dates', 'record date', 'ordinary members', 'share compensation', 'shareholders’ register', 'board fee', 'Board members', 'fees', '23 shareholders', 'April', '18:00 EET', 'Directors', 'company', 'headquarter', 'Ansatie', 'Vantaa', '2,113,024 shares', 'votes', 'Adoption', 'group', 'January', '31 December', 'Use', 'profit', 'proposal', '4 May', 'distribution', 'Resolution', 'discharge', 'CEO', 'liability', 'Presentation', 'number', 'Chair', 'addition', 'Nomination', 'participation', 'meetings', 'Committees', 'cash', 'interest', 'shareholding', 'means', 'Election', 'Auditor', 'Amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Helsinki', 'Espoo', 'domicile', 'less', 'right', 'power', 'full']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23236,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SDIPTECH-AB-PUBL-39437116/news/Sdiptech-AB-publ-Notice-of-annual-general-meeting-2023-43544574/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Sdiptech AB (publ) - Notice of annual general meeting 2023,(marketscreener.com) Press release19 April 2023  17:30 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023 OF SDIPTECH AB The shareholders of Sdiptech AB   reg. no. 556672-4893 are hereby convened to the Annual General Meeting on 22 May 2023  at IVA   Grev Turegatan 16  11…,"Sdiptech AB (publ) - Notice of annual general meeting 2023 04/19/2023 | 11:31am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Press release19 April 2023  17:30 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023 OF SDIPTECH AB (PUBL) The shareholders of Sdiptech AB (publ)  reg. no. 556672-4893 (the ""Company"") are hereby convened to the Annual General Meeting on 22 May 2023  at IVA (Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences)  Grev Turegatan 16  114 46 i Stockholm. The Board has decided  with the support of § 12 of the Company's Articles of Association  that those shareholders who are unable or unwilling to physically participate in the meeting shall be able to submit their votes in advance by so-called postal voting. More information about it below. General requirements for participationShareholders who wish to participate in the meeting  regardless of whether this is done physically or by postal vote  must be entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date  11 May 2023. Shareholders with nominee-registered shares must temporarily have the shares re-registered in their own name as of the record date and contact should be made with the bank / nominee well in advance. The nominee has the opportunity to make such voting rights retroactive  however  no later than 15 May 2023 in order for it to be taken into account when presenting the share register. Requirements for participation through physical presence in the meeting roomShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting in the meeting room  in person or by proxy  must also register with the Company no later than 15 May 2023. Registration for the meeting must be made either via a digital form available via the company's website www.sdiptech.se  or by e-mail to sdiptech@postrosta.se or by regular mail to Sdiptech AB  Att: Annual General Meeting  Nybrogatan 39  114 39 Stockholm. When registering  shareholders must state their name  telephone number during the day and personal or organization number. Shareholders or their representatives have the right to include a maximum of two assistants. The number of assistants must be pre-registered in the same way as the shareholder. Shareholders represented by proxy must issue a dated and signed power of attorney which should be sent to the Company before the meeting in the manner specified above together with registration certificates for owners who are legal persons  which show that those who signed the power of attorney are competent. The power of attorney may not be older than one year unless it states that it is valid for a longer period  but no longer than five years. Proxy forms are available on the company's website https://www.sdiptech.se Requirements for participation by postal voting in advanceThe shareholder who only refers to postal voting must send in their votes no later than 15 May 2023  through a digital form that is available on the company's website https://www.sdiptech.se. No separate registration is required for those who only wish to vote by mail  since a submitted postal voting form is considered a registration. Shareholders who vote by postal voting  represented by proxy  must issue a dated and signed power of attorney which is attached to the digital postal voting form together with proof of registration for owners who are legal persons  which shows that those who signed the power of attorney are authorized. The power of attorney may not be older than one year unless it states that it is valid for a longer period  but no longer than five years. Proxy forms are available on the company's website https://www.sdiptech.se Proposed agenda Opening of the meeting Election of chairman of the meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes of the meeting Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened Approval of the agenda Presentation of the annual accounts and the auditors’ report and the consolidated accounts and the auditors’ report on the consolidated accounts Presentation by the CEO  and shareholders’ questions to the Board of Directors and management of the Company Resolution on: adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet and the groups’ income statement and balance sheet; allocation of the result of the Company in accordance with the adopted balance sheet; discharge of liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors Determination of fees for the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor Election of members of the Board of Directors Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors Election of Auditor until the end of the next annual general meeting Resolution on the Nomination Committee for the annual general meeting of 2024 Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to the senior management Resolution on authorization for the Board to issue shares  convertibles and warrants Resolution on warrant program for the company's employees Closing of the meeting Proposals for resolutions Proposals from the Nomination Committee under item 2 and 10 - 1 5 2) Jan Samuelson is proposed to be appointed as chairman of the meeting.10) The Board of Directors is proposed to consist of five members with no deputy members.11) Total fees of SEK 1 990 000 (last year 1 920 000) are proposed to be paid to the Board of Directors  of which SEK 830 000 (800 000) is to be paid to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 290 000 (280 000) is to be paid to each member of the Board of Directors. For the Company’s Audit Committee  a fee of SEK 160 000 (160 000) is proposed to be paid to the chairman and a fee of SEK 55 000 (55 000) to be paid to each member (one to two members). For the Company’s Investment Committee  a fee of SEK 50 000 (50 000) is proposed to be paid to the chairman and a fee of SEK 50 000 (50 000) to be paid to each member (one to two members). For the Company’s Remuneration Committee a fee of SEK 40 000 (40 000) is proposed to be paid to the chairman and a fee of SEK 20 000 (20 000) to be paid to each member (one member). Auditors’ fees are proposed to be payable in accordance with approved invoice.12) Proposed re-election of Johnny Alvarsson  Jan Samuelson  Birgitta Henriksson  Urban Doverholt and Eola Änggård Runsten as members of the Board of Directors until the end of the next annual general meeting. Detailed description of the Board's members for re-election and election can be found on the company's website.The Nomination Committee's motivationThe Nomination Committee has  as a basis for its proposal  interviewed all members and taken note of the results of the external board evaluation. In addition  the Nomination Committee has analyzed the extent to which the current Board of Directors meets the requirements imposed on it  inter alia with regard to relevant experience and competence with regard to the company's operations and future development. The Nomination Committee has made the assessment that the current members  who stand for re-election  represent a broad experience from both business and corporate management competence  as well as experience in acquisition-related and financial issues. With the proposed number of members  five  the board is staffed for an effective dialogue. 13) Proposed re-election of Jan Samuelson as Chairman of the Board of Directors until the end of the next annual general meeting.14) Proposed election of PwC Sweden as auditor of the Company until the end of the next annual general meeting  2024. Should the proposal be adopted  PwC intends to appoint Anna Rosendal as auditor in charge.15) The Nomination Committee proposes that the meeting resolves on the following principles for appointing the Nomination Committee for the next annual general meeting:General information about the nomination committeeThe nomination committee's term extends until a new nomination committee is appointed.The nomination committee's task shall be to submit proposals to the next annual general meeting regarding the number of board members  remuneration (including remuneration for committee work) to the chairman of the board and other members and to the auditor respectively  the composition of the board  chairman of the board  chairman of the annual general meeting  election of auditors and decisions on instructions for the nomination committee's work. The nomination committee must take into account that the board must have an appropriate composition with regard to the company's operations  stage of development and conditions in general  characterized by versatility and breadth regarding the competence  experience and background of the members elected by the general meeting. An even gender distribution must be pursued. The members of the nomination committee are subject to a duty of confidentiality regarding Sdiptech AB's affairs. At the Company's request  this obligation must be confirmed by the members by signing a confidentiality agreement. No remuneration shall be paid to the members of the nomination committee. The company must be responsible for reasonable costs for the nomination committee to be able to carry out its tasks. The composition of the selection committeeThe nomination committee shall have three members. The nomination committee is appointed by the Company's chairman of the board contacting the three largest shareholders/owner groups in terms of votes (""Largest Owners"") in the Company as of 30 September of the year before the annual general meeting is held  according to the owner information in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB (or that in another way are proved to be one of the Largest Owners). These three owners have the right to appoint one member each. If one of these waives this right  the next shareholder/owner group in order of voting size must be given the opportunity to appoint a member to the nomination committee. However  more than the ten largest shareholders do not need to be asked. The chairman of the board must be an adjunct member of the nomination committee and be the convener of the nomination committee's meetings. The CEO  or another person from the company's management  does not have the right to be a member of the nomination committee. The chairman of the nomination committee shall  unless the members agree otherwise  be the member appointed by the largest shareholder. The composition of the nomination committee must be announced no later than six months before the annual general meeting. Changes in the composition of the election committeeIf a new shareholder earlier than three months before the annual general meeting passes  in voting rights  one of the shareholders who have appointed a member to the nomination committee  this shareholder can contact the chairman of the nomination committee and request to appoint a member to the nomination committee. If that happens  the member appointed by the shareholder with the smallest number of votes must leave the nomination committee at the same time.If a shareholder who appointed a member to the nomination committee earlier than three months before the annual general meeting to the number of votes is no longer qualified to appoint such a member  this member must make his place available. The chairman of the nomination committee must then contact the shareholder with the largest number of votes who has not previously been offered a seat. If he does not want to appoint a member  the matter must be passed on to the next shareholder whose turn it is  as long as there is one within the scope of the ten largest shareholders in terms of votes.Shareholders who have appointed a member to the nomination committee have the right to dismiss such member and appoint a new member at any time. Changes in the composition of the nomination committee must be announced as soon as they have taken place. Other resolutions Item 4 – Election of one or two persons to attest the minutesThe board of directors proposes that Caroline Sjösten is elected to attest the minutes from the general meeting. The attester’s assignment also includes checking the voting list and that received postal votes are correctly reproduced in the minutes of the meeting. Item 9 b) – Resolution on allocation of the result of the Company in accordance with the adopted balance sheet The Board of Directors proposes that the meeting resolves upon a dividend to shareholders of preference shares in accordance with the articles of association. Of the funds available to the Meeting  SEK 2 301 605 133  eight SEK per preference share  i.e.. a total of SEK 14 000 000 shall be paid quarterly to the preference shareholders with one quarter of the total amount (i.e. two SEK per preference share) per occasion. The proposal is based on all outstanding preference shares as of the date of this notice (i.e. a total of 1 750 000 preference shares). Suggested record dates for the dividend are: June 15  2023  with estimated payment date on June 20  2023; September 15  2023  with estimated payment date on September 20  2023; December 15  2023  with estimated payment date on December 20  2023; and March 15  2024  with estimated payment date on March 20  2024. According to the Company's Articles of Association  as of the fourth anniversary of the initial issue (i.e.  as of March 4  2019) and for the period thereafter  the Company's preference shares may be redeemed in an amount corresponding to (i) SEK 105 plus (ii) any accrued portion of Preference Dividend together with (iii) any outstanding amount calculated with an amount corresponding to an annual interest. However  the redemption amount for each redeemed preference share shall never be less than the share's quota value. ""Accrued portion of the Preference Dividend"" refers to the accrued Preference Dividend for the period beginning with the day after the last record date for dividends on preference shares up to and including the day of payment of the redemption amount. The number of days must be calculated based on the actual number of days in relation to 90 days. The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend be paid on ordinary shares of series A or ordinary shares of series B without balancing the remaining profit of SEK 2 287 605 133 in a new account  of which SEK 2 068 910 662 will be transferred to the premium fund and SEK 218 694 471 to retained earnings. Item 16 – Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to the senior managementThe executive management of Sdiptech AB (publ) (“Sdiptech” or the “Company”) fall within the provisions of these guidelines. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the Annual General Meeting 2023. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the General Meeting. Share-related incentive plans are decided  where appropriate  by the General Meeting. Sdiptech is a technology group focused on infrastructure. Sdiptech’s business concept is to provide niched solutions to the infrastructure sector. A prerequisite for the successful implementation of Sdiptech’s business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that Sdiptech is able to recruit and retain qualified senior executives. To this end  it is necessary that the Company offers competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable the Company to offer the senior executives a competitive total remuneration. The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Additionally  the general meeting may – irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration. Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the Company’s business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability. The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one or several years. The variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than 50 per cent of the total fixed cash salary under the measurement period for such criteria. In years when no long-term incentive program expires  however  the variable cash remuneration can amount to 100 per cent of the total fixed cash salary. For senior executives  pension benefits  including health insurance (Sw: sjukförsäkring)  shall be based on a premium defined pension plan unless the individual concerned is subject to defined benefit pension under mandatory law or collective agreement provisions. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits unless required by mandatory law or collective agreement provisions. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. Other benefits may include  for example  company cars  occupational health services and medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring). Such benefits may amount to not more than 10 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary. The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives in accordance with the above  as well as supplementary information in Appendix §16  which is posted on the Company's website. Item 17 – Resolution on authorization for the Board to issue shares  convertibles and warrantsThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors to  until the next annual general meeting  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  on one or several occasions resolve to issue ordinary shares  convertible instruments and/or warrants. Payment may be made in cash and/or with in kind or by way of set-off  or other conditions. The total increase of the number of ordinary shares  which includes issuance  conversion or subscription for new shares  may – where it entails a deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights – correspond to a dilution of a maximum of 10 percent of the current number outstanding ordinary shares  adjusted for any splits or similar. The authorization shall primarily be used for the purpose of acquisitions or financing thereof. A valid resolution requires that shareholders holding not less than two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting vote in favor of the proposal. Item 18 - Resolution on warrant program for the company's employeesIn order for the Group to be able to retain and recruit competent and committed staff  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting  deviating from the shareholders' preferential rights  decide on the issue of Warrants and the introduction of a long-term incentive program for Group employees. Incentive programs for managers and senior executives in the group in the form of warrants for series B shares was introduced in 2018  divided into three series: series 2018/2021  series 2018/2022 and series 2018/2023. In 2021  a corresponding incentive program on warrants of series 2021/2024 was introduced. At the AGM in 2022  it was decided on another program  series 2022/2025  but this was not launched. The remaining 2021/2024 series currently has 337 625 options outstanding. The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to introduce an incentive program for the company's employees through the issue of a total of a maximum of 350 000 warrants of series 2023/2026  in accordance with Appendices §18  18a and §18b  which are posted on the Company's website. In short  the proposal means that: The Company shall issue no more than 350 000 Warrants of series 2023/2026. Each Warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one new common share of series B (“B-shares”) in the Company during the following periods: (i) a period of 10 banking days from and including 8 June 2026  (ii) a period of 10 banking days from and including the banking day following the publication of the Company’s interim report for the second quarter of 2026  and (iii) a period of 10 banking days from and including the banking day following the publication of the Company’s interim report for the third quarter of 2026  however not later than 30 November 2026 (each a “Subscription Period”). Upon full subscription  by virtue of all of the Warrants  a maximum of 350 000 new common shares of series B may be issued  corresponding to a dilution of approximately 0.9 per cent of the total amount of common shares of series A and series B and approximately 0.6 per cent of the total amount of votes in the Company that the common shares of series A and series B represent (based on the number of such outstanding shares as of the date of the notice). The subscription price for new B-shares subscribed for through Warrants shall be equal to an amount corresponding to 126 per cent of the volume-weighted average of the quoted price paid for the B-share on Nasdaq Stockholm (or another corresponding trading facility or regulated market on which the Company’s shares are traded) from and including 23 May 2023 up to and including 5 June 2023 (the “Calculation period”). The increase of the Company’s share capital will  upon exercise of the Warrants  amount to not more than SEK 8 750  subject to such increase that may occur due to recalculation of the subscription price and the number of shares which each Warrant entitles to subscription for in the event of issues etcetera. If the subscription price exceeds the quota value  the excess amount shall be allotted to the non-restricted statutory reserve. Employees of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Company and its subsidiaries are referred to collectively as the “Group”) shall be entitled to acquire Warrants from the Subsidiary. Application to acquire Warrants shall be made not later than on 16 June 2023. The board of directors of the Company shall however be entitled to prolong the application period. Future new employees may also be entitled to acquire Warrants  whereby the application to acquire Warrants may take place at a later occasion. For any such acquisitions  the acquisition shall be made at the prevailing market value and that the board of directors shall apply a corresponding application period for employees whose acquisition is made following the initial application period. The board of directors is authorised to extend each Subscription Period and the time for payment in the event that any participant is restricted from subscribing to new shares pursuant to insider or market abuse regulations. If not all Warrants are acquired  the remaining number of Warrants may be allotted to participants independently of category. No participant may  however  acquire additional Warrants that correspond to more than 50 per cent of the number of Warrants which each respective participant is entitled to acquire. Transfer of Warrants to the participants shall be made at a price corresponding to the market value  which shall be calculated in accordance with the Black & Scholes formula by an independent valuation institution. At an estimated future volatility level of 30 per cent during the term of the Warrants and assuming that the average value of the Company’s share during the valuation period amounts to SEK 250  whereby the subscription price for the Warrants will amount to SEK 315 for each Warrant  the preliminary calculated market value per warrant will amount to SEK 38 for each Warrant. The general meeting’s resolution under this item is valid only if supported by shareholders holding no less than nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting. OtherComplete proposals for resolutions  accounting documents  auditor's report and other documents prior to the Annual General Meeting are available at the Company's office at Nybrogatan 39  114 39 Stockholm and on the Company's website https://www.sdiptech.se no later than 28 April 2023. The documents are sent free of charge to the shareholders who specifically request it and state their postal address. The Annual General Meeting share register will be kept available at the Company's offices. The total number of shares in the Company as of the date of the notice amounts to 39 741 938 shares  divided into 1 750 000 preference shares with one vote each  2 000 000 A shares with ten votes each and 35 991 938 Class B shares with one vote each. The total number of votes in the company is 57 741 938. As of the date of this notice  the company does not hold any own shares. The Board of Directors and the President shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board considers that this can be done without significant damage to the Company  provide information at the Annual General Meeting on matters that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda and circumstances that may affect the Company's assessment. or subsidiary's financial situation and the Company's relationship with another group company. The information will be available on the company's website and office no later than five days before the meeting. The information is also sent to the shareholder who requested it and provided his address. A general description of how your personal data is handled prior to the Annual General Meeting can be found on Euroclear's website https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. _____________Stockholm April 2023 Sdiptech AB (publ) Board of Directors For additional information  please contact:Bengt Lejdström  CFO  +46 702 74 22 00  bengt.lejdstrom@sdiptech.comSdiptech’s common shares of series B are traded on Nasdaq Stockholm under the short name SDIP B with ISIN code SE0003756758. Sdiptech’s preferred shares are traded under the short name SDIP PREF with ISIN code SE0006758348. Further information is available on the company's website: www.sdiptech.se Sdiptech is a technology group that acquires and develops market-leading niche operations that contribute to creating more sustainable  efficient and safe societies. Sdiptech has approximately SEK 3 500 million in sales and is based in Stockholm.The information was provided by the above contact persons for publication 19 April 2023  at 17:30 CEST. Attachment Sdiptech AB - Notice to attend AGM 2023All news about SDIPTECH AB (PUBL) 07:01a Invitation to the presentation of Sdiptech's interim report for the first quarter of 20.. GL 04/19 Sdiptech AB (publ) - Notice of annual general meeting 2023 GL 04/19 Sdiptech AB (publ) - Notice of annual general meeting 2023 AQ 03/31 Sdiptech AB (publ) - Change of number of shares and votes in Sdiptech GL 03/31 Sdiptech AB (publ) - Change of number of shares and votes in Sdiptech GL 03/31 Sdiptech AB (publ) - Sdiptech acquires Norwegian HeatWork GL 03/31 Sdiptech AB acquired Heatwork AS. CI 03/03 Sdiptech AB (publ) - Management in Sdiptech AB (publ) acquires shares via exercise of w.. GL 03/03 Sdiptech AB (publ) - Management in Sdiptech AB (publ) acquires shares via exercise of w.. AQ 02/13 Sdiptech - Geared for more acquisitions AQ",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Sdiptech AB', 'Notice', 'next annual general meeting Resolution', 'digital postal voting form', 'multiple email addresses', 'Royal Swedish Academy', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'groups’ income statement', 'senior management Resolution', 'digital form', 'annual accounts', 'warrants Resolution', 'General requirements', 'postal vote', 'voting rights', 'voting list', 'meeting room', 'Sdiptech AB', 'Required fields', 'Press release', 'Engineering Sciences', 'Grev Turegatan', 'More information', 'share register', 'record date', 'physical presence', 'same way', 'legal persons', 'longer period', 'five years', 'two persons', 'auditors’ report', 'consolidated accounts', 'balance sheet', 'CEO Resolution', 'Nomination Committee', 'one year', 'meeting Determination', 'Company Resolution', 'telephone number', 'organization number', 'two assistants', 'agenda Opening', 'registration certificates', 'Proxy forms', 'separate registration', 'nominee-registered shares', 'First name', 'regular mail', 'shareholders’ questions', 'auditor Election', 'Directors Election', 'signed power', '2024 Resolution', 'Notice', '31am', 'commas', 'Message', '19 April', 'PUBL', 'reg.', '22 May', 'IVA', 'Stockholm', 'Board', 'support', 'Articles', 'Association', 'votes', 'advance', 'participation', 'contact', 'opportunity', '15 May', 'order', 'website', 'Att', 'Nybrogatan', 'day', 'personal', 'representatives', 'maximum', 'manner', 'owners', 'proof', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Presentation', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'accordance', 'discharge', 'liability', 'members', 'fees', 'guidelines', 'remuneration', 'authorization', 'convertibles', '30']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23237,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2650340/0/en/Sdiptech-AB-publ-Notice-of-annual-general-meeting-2023.html,Sdiptech AB (publ) - Notice of annual general meeting 2023,Press release19 April 2023  17:30    NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023 OF SDIPTECH AB (PUBL)   The shareholders of Sdiptech AB (publ)  reg. no.......,"English SwedishPress release19 April 2023  17:30NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023 OF SDIPTECH AB (PUBL)The shareholders of Sdiptech AB (publ)  reg. no. 556672-4893 (the ""Company"") are hereby convened to the Annual General Meeting on 22 May 2023  at IVA (Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences)  Grev Turegatan 16  114 46 i Stockholm.The Board has decided  with the support of § 12 of the Company's Articles of Association  that those shareholders who are unable or unwilling to physically participate in the meeting shall be able to submit their votes in advance by so-called postal voting. More information about it below.General requirements for participationShareholders who wish to participate in the meeting  regardless of whether this is done physically or by postal vote  must be entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date  11 May 2023.Shareholders with nominee-registered shares must temporarily have the shares re-registered in their own name as of the record date and contact should be made with the bank / nominee well in advance. The nominee has the opportunity to make such voting rights retroactive  however  no later than 15 May 2023 in order for it to be taken into account when presenting the share register.Requirements for participation through physical presence in the meeting roomShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting in the meeting room  in person or by proxy  must also register with the Company no later than 15 May 2023.Registration for the meeting must be made either via a digital form available via the company's website www.sdiptech.se  or by e-mail to sdiptech@postrosta.se or by regular mail to Sdiptech AB  Att: Annual General Meeting  Nybrogatan 39  114 39 Stockholm.When registering  shareholders must state their name  telephone number during the day and personal or organization number. Shareholders or their representatives have the right to include a maximum of two assistants. The number of assistants must be pre-registered in the same way as the shareholder.Shareholders represented by proxy must issue a dated and signed power of attorney which should be sent to the Company before the meeting in the manner specified above together with registration certificates for owners who are legal persons  which show that those who signed the power of attorney are competent. The power of attorney may not be older than one year unless it states that it is valid for a longer period  but no longer than five years. Proxy forms are available on the company's website https://www.sdiptech.seRequirements for participation by postal voting in advanceThe shareholder who only refers to postal voting must send in their votes no later than 15 May 2023  through a digital form that is available on the company's website https://www.sdiptech.se. No separate registration is required for those who only wish to vote by mail  since a submitted postal voting form is considered a registration.Shareholders who vote by postal voting  represented by proxy  must issue a dated and signed power of attorney which is attached to the digital postal voting form together with proof of registration for owners who are legal persons  which shows that those who signed the power of attorney are authorized. The power of attorney may not be older than one year unless it states that it is valid for a longer period  but no longer than five years. Proxy forms are available on the company's website https://www.sdiptech.seProposed agendaOpening of the meeting Election of chairman of the meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes of the meeting Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened Approval of the agenda Presentation of the annual accounts and the auditors’ report and the consolidated accounts and the auditors’ report on the consolidated accounts Presentation by the CEO  and shareholders’ questions to the Board of Directors and management of the Company Resolution on: adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet and the groups’ income statement and balance sheet; allocation of the result of the Company in accordance with the adopted balance sheet; discharge of liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors Determination of fees for the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor Election of members of the Board of Directors Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors Election of Auditor until the end of the next annual general meeting Resolution on the Nomination Committee for the annual general meeting of 2024 Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to the senior management Resolution on authorization for the Board to issue shares  convertibles and warrants Resolution on warrant program for the company's employees Closing of the meetingProposals for resolutionsProposals from the Nomination Committee under item 2 and 10 - 1 52) Jan Samuelson is proposed to be appointed as chairman of the meeting.10) The Board of Directors is proposed to consist of five members with no deputy members.11) Total fees of SEK 1 990 000 (last year 1 920 000) are proposed to be paid to the Board of Directors  of which SEK 830 000 (800 000) is to be paid to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 290 000 (280 000) is to be paid to each member of the Board of Directors. For the Company’s Audit Committee  a fee of SEK 160 000 (160 000) is proposed to be paid to the chairman and a fee of SEK 55 000 (55 000) to be paid to each member (one to two members). For the Company’s Investment Committee  a fee of SEK 50 000 (50 000) is proposed to be paid to the chairman and a fee of SEK 50 000 (50 000) to be paid to each member (one to two members). For the Company’s Remuneration Committee a fee of SEK 40 000 (40 000) is proposed to be paid to the chairman and a fee of SEK 20 000 (20 000) to be paid to each member (one member). Auditors’ fees are proposed to be payable in accordance with approved invoice.12) Proposed re-election of Johnny Alvarsson  Jan Samuelson  Birgitta Henriksson  Urban Doverholt and Eola Änggård Runsten as members of the Board of Directors until the end of the next annual general meeting. Detailed description of the Board's members for re-election and election can be found on the company's website.The Nomination Committee's motivationThe Nomination Committee has  as a basis for its proposal  interviewed all members and taken note of the results of the external board evaluation. In addition  the Nomination Committee has analyzed the extent to which the current Board of Directors meets the requirements imposed on it  inter alia with regard to relevant experience and competence with regard to the company's operations and future development.The Nomination Committee has made the assessment that the current members  who stand for re-election  represent a broad experience from both business and corporate management competence  as well as experience in acquisition-related and financial issues. With the proposed number of members  five  the board is staffed for an effective dialogue.13) Proposed re-election of Jan Samuelson as Chairman of the Board of Directors until the end of the next annual general meeting.14) Proposed election of PwC Sweden as auditor of the Company until the end of the next annual general meeting  2024. Should the proposal be adopted  PwC intends to appoint Anna Rosendal as auditor in charge.15) The Nomination Committee proposes that the meeting resolves on the following principles for appointing the Nomination Committee for the next annual general meeting:General information about the nomination committeeThe nomination committee's term extends until a new nomination committee is appointed.The nomination committee's task shall be to submit proposals to the next annual general meeting regarding the number of board members  remuneration (including remuneration for committee work) to the chairman of the board and other members and to the auditor respectively  the composition of the board  chairman of the board  chairman of the annual general meeting  election of auditors and decisions on instructions for the nomination committee's work.The nomination committee must take into account that the board must have an appropriate composition with regard to the company's operations  stage of development and conditions in general  characterized by versatility and breadth regarding the competence  experience and background of the members elected by the general meeting. An even gender distribution must be pursued.The members of the nomination committee are subject to a duty of confidentiality regarding Sdiptech AB's affairs. At the Company's request  this obligation must be confirmed by the members by signing a confidentiality agreement.No remuneration shall be paid to the members of the nomination committee. The company must be responsible for reasonable costs for the nomination committee to be able to carry out its tasks.The composition of the selection committeeThe nomination committee shall have three members. The nomination committee is appointed by the Company's chairman of the board contacting the three largest shareholders/owner groups in terms of votes (""Largest Owners"") in the Company as of 30 September of the year before the annual general meeting is held  according to the owner information in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB (or that in another way are proved to be one of the Largest Owners). These three owners have the right to appoint one member each. If one of these waives this right  the next shareholder/owner group in order of voting size must be given the opportunity to appoint a member to the nomination committee. However  more than the ten largest shareholders do not need to be asked. The chairman of the board must be an adjunct member of the nomination committee and be the convener of the nomination committee's meetings.The CEO  or another person from the company's management  does not have the right to be a member of the nomination committee. The chairman of the nomination committee shall  unless the members agree otherwise  be the member appointed by the largest shareholder.The composition of the nomination committee must be announced no later than six months before the annual general meeting.Changes in the composition of the election committeeIf a new shareholder earlier than three months before the annual general meeting passes  in voting rights  one of the shareholders who have appointed a member to the nomination committee  this shareholder can contact the chairman of the nomination committee and request to appoint a member to the nomination committee. If that happens  the member appointed by the shareholder with the smallest number of votes must leave the nomination committee at the same time.If a shareholder who appointed a member to the nomination committee earlier than three months before the annual general meeting to the number of votes is no longer qualified to appoint such a member  this member must make his place available. The chairman of the nomination committee must then contact the shareholder with the largest number of votes who has not previously been offered a seat. If he does not want to appoint a member  the matter must be passed on to the next shareholder whose turn it is  as long as there is one within the scope of the ten largest shareholders in terms of votes.Shareholders who have appointed a member to the nomination committee have the right to dismiss such member and appoint a new member at any time.Changes in the composition of the nomination committee must be announced as soon as they have taken place.Other resolutionsItem 4 – Election of one or two persons to attest the minutesThe board of directors proposes that Caroline Sjösten is elected to attest the minutes from the general meeting. The attester’s assignment also includes checking the voting list and that received postal votes are correctly reproduced in the minutes of the meeting.Item 9 b) – Resolution on allocation of the result of the Company in accordance with the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that the meeting resolves upon a dividend to shareholders of preference shares in accordance with the articles of association. Of the funds available to the Meeting  SEK 2 301 605 133  eight SEK per preference share  i.e.. a total of SEK 14 000 000 shall be paid quarterly to the preference shareholders with one quarter of the total amount (i.e. two SEK per preference share) per occasion. The proposal is based on all outstanding preference shares as of the date of this notice (i.e. a total of 1 750 000 preference shares).Suggested record dates for the dividend are:June 15  2023  with estimated payment date on June 20  2023; September 15  2023  with estimated payment date on September 20  2023; December 15  2023  with estimated payment date on December 20  2023; and March 15  2024  with estimated payment date on March 20  2024.According to the Company's Articles of Association  as of the fourth anniversary of the initial issue (i.e.  as of March 4  2019) and for the period thereafter  the Company's preference shares may be redeemed in an amount corresponding to (i) SEK 105 plus (ii) any accrued portion of Preference Dividend together with (iii) any outstanding amount calculated with an amount corresponding to an annual interest. However  the redemption amount for each redeemed preference share shall never be less than the share's quota value.""Accrued portion of the Preference Dividend"" refers to the accrued Preference Dividend for the period beginning with the day after the last record date for dividends on preference shares up to and including the day of payment of the redemption amount. The number of days must be calculated based on the actual number of days in relation to 90 days.The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend be paid on ordinary shares of series A or ordinary shares of series B without balancing the remaining profit of SEK 2 287 605 133 in a new account  of which SEK 2 068 910 662 will be transferred to the premium fund and SEK 218 694 471 to retained earnings.Item 16 – Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to the senior managementThe executive management of Sdiptech AB (publ) (“Sdiptech” or the “Company”) fall within the provisions of these guidelines. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the Annual General Meeting 2023. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the General Meeting. Share-related incentive plans are decided  where appropriate  by the General Meeting.Sdiptech is a technology group focused on infrastructure. Sdiptech’s business concept is to provide niched solutions to the infrastructure sector. A prerequisite for the successful implementation of Sdiptech’s business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that Sdiptech is able to recruit and retain qualified senior executives. To this end  it is necessary that the Company offers competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable the Company to offer the senior executives a competitive total remuneration.The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Additionally  the general meeting may – irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration. Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the Company’s business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one or several years. The variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than 50 per cent of the total fixed cash salary under the measurement period for such criteria. In years when no long-term incentive program expires  however  the variable cash remuneration can amount to 100 per cent of the total fixed cash salary.For senior executives  pension benefits  including health insurance (Sw: sjukförsäkring)  shall be based on a premium defined pension plan unless the individual concerned is subject to defined benefit pension under mandatory law or collective agreement provisions. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits unless required by mandatory law or collective agreement provisions. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Other benefits may include  for example  company cars  occupational health services and medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring). Such benefits may amount to not more than 10 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives in accordance with the above  as well as supplementary information in Appendix §16  which is posted on the Company's website.Item 17 – Resolution on authorization for the Board to issue shares  convertibles and warrantsThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors to  until the next annual general meeting  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  on one or several occasions resolve to issue ordinary shares  convertible instruments and/or warrants. Payment may be made in cash and/or with in kind or by way of set-off  or other conditions.The total increase of the number of ordinary shares  which includes issuance  conversion or subscription for new shares  may – where it entails a deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights – correspond to a dilution of a maximum of 10 percent of the current number outstanding ordinary shares  adjusted for any splits or similar. The authorization shall primarily be used for the purpose of acquisitions or financing thereof.A valid resolution requires that shareholders holding not less than two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting vote in favor of the proposal.Item 18 - Resolution on warrant program for the company's employeesIn order for the Group to be able to retain and recruit competent and committed staff  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting  deviating from the shareholders' preferential rights  decide on the issue of Warrants and the introduction of a long-term incentive program for Group employees. Incentive programs for managers and senior executives in the group in the form of warrants for series B shares was introduced in 2018  divided into three series: series 2018/2021  series 2018/2022 and series 2018/2023. In 2021  a corresponding incentive program on warrants of series 2021/2024 was introduced. At the AGM in 2022  it was decided on another program  series 2022/2025  but this was not launched.The remaining 2021/2024 series currently has 337 625 options outstanding.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to introduce an incentive program for the company's employees through the issue of a total of a maximum of 350 000 warrants of series 2023/2026  in accordance with Appendices §18  18a and §18b  which are posted on the Company's website. In short  the proposal means that:The Company shall issue no more than 350 000 Warrants of series 2023/2026. Each Warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one new common share of series B (“B-shares”) in the Company during the following periods: (i) a period of 10 banking days from and including 8 June 2026  (ii) a period of 10 banking days from and including the banking day following the publication of the Company’s interim report for the second quarter of 2026  and (iii) a period of 10 banking days from and including the banking day following the publication of the Company’s interim report for the third quarter of 2026  however not later than 30 November 2026 (each a “Subscription Period”).Upon full subscription  by virtue of all of the Warrants  a maximum of 350 000 new common shares of series B may be issued  corresponding to a dilution of approximately 0.9 per cent of the total amount of common shares of series A and series B and approximately 0.6 per cent of the total amount of votes in the Company that the common shares of series A and series B represent (based on the number of such outstanding shares as of the date of the notice).The subscription price for new B-shares subscribed for through Warrants shall be equal to an amount corresponding to 126 per cent of the volume-weighted average of the quoted price paid for the B-share on Nasdaq Stockholm (or another corresponding trading facility or regulated market on which the Company’s shares are traded) from and including 23 May 2023 up to and including 5 June 2023 (the “Calculation period”).The increase of the Company’s share capital will  upon exercise of the Warrants  amount to not more than SEK 8 750  subject to such increase that may occur due to recalculation of the subscription price and the number of shares which each Warrant entitles to subscription for in the event of issues etcetera. If the subscription price exceeds the quota value  the excess amount shall be allotted to the non-restricted statutory reserve.Employees of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Company and its subsidiaries are referred to collectively as the “Group”) shall be entitled to acquire Warrants from the Subsidiary. Application to acquire Warrants shall be made not later than on 16 June 2023. The board of directors of the Company shall however be entitled to prolong the application period. Future new employees may also be entitled to acquire Warrants  whereby the application to acquire Warrants may take place at a later occasion. For any such acquisitions  the acquisition shall be made at the prevailing market value and that the board of directors shall apply a corresponding application period for employees whose acquisition is made following the initial application period. The board of directors is authorised to extend each Subscription Period and the time for payment in the event that any participant is restricted from subscribing to new shares pursuant to insider or market abuse regulations.If not all Warrants are acquired  the remaining number of Warrants may be allotted to participants independently of category. No participant may  however  acquire additional Warrants that correspond to more than 50 per cent of the number of Warrants which each respective participant is entitled to acquire.Transfer of Warrants to the participants shall be made at a price corresponding to the market value  which shall be calculated in accordance with the Black & Scholes formula by an independent valuation institution. At an estimated future volatility level of 30 per cent during the term of the Warrants and assuming that the average value of the Company’s share during the valuation period amounts to SEK 250  whereby the subscription price for the Warrants will amount to SEK 315 for each Warrant  the preliminary calculated market value per warrant will amount to SEK 38 for each Warrant.The general meeting’s resolution under this item is valid only if supported by shareholders holding no less than nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.OtherComplete proposals for resolutions  accounting documents  auditor's report and other documents prior to the Annual General Meeting are available at the Company's office at Nybrogatan 39  114 39 Stockholm and on the Company's website https://www.sdiptech.se no later than 28 April 2023. The documents are sent free of charge to the shareholders who specifically request it and state their postal address.The Annual General Meeting share register will be kept available at the Company's offices.The total number of shares in the Company as of the date of the notice amounts to 39 741 938 shares  divided into 1 750 000 preference shares with one vote each  2 000 000 A shares with ten votes each and 35 991 938 Class B shares with one vote each. The total number of votes in the company is 57 741 938. As of the date of this notice  the company does not hold any own shares.The Board of Directors and the President shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board considers that this can be done without significant damage to the Company  provide information at the Annual General Meeting on matters that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda and circumstances that may affect the Company's assessment. or subsidiary's financial situation and the Company's relationship with another group company.The information will be available on the company's website and office no later than five days before the meeting. The information is also sent to the shareholder who requested it and provided his address.A general description of how your personal data is handled prior to the Annual General Meeting can be found on Euroclear's website https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf._____________Stockholm April 2023Sdiptech AB (publ)Board of DirectorsFor additional information  please contact:Bengt Lejdström  CFO  +46 702 74 22 00  bengt.lejdstrom@sdiptech.comSdiptech’s common shares of series B are traded on Nasdaq Stockholm under the short name SDIP B with ISIN code SE0003756758. Sdiptech’s preferred shares are traded under the short name SDIP PREF with ISIN code SE0006758348. Further information is available on the company's website: www.sdiptech.seSdiptech is a technology group that acquires and develops market-leading niche operations that contribute to creating more sustainable  efficient and safe societies. Sdiptech has approximately SEK 3 500 million in sales and is based in Stockholm.The information was provided by the above contact persons for publication 19 April 2023  at 17:30 CEST.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.63,0.33,0.04,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Sdiptech AB', 'Notice', 'next annual general meeting Resolution', 'digital postal voting form', 'Royal Swedish Academy', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'groups’ income statement', 'voting list Election', 'senior management Resolution', 'digital form', 'annual accounts', 'English Swedish', 'voting rights', 'General requirements', 'postal vote', 'Press release', 'SDIPTECH AB', 'Engineering Sciences', 'Grev Turegatan', 'More information', 'share register', 'record date', 'physical presence', 'meeting room', 'same way', 'legal persons', 'longer period', 'five years', 'meeting Preparation', 'two persons', 'auditors’ report', 'consolidated accounts', 'balance sheet', 'Nomination Committee', 'warrant program', 'Jan Samuelson', 'CEO Resolution', 'one year', 'telephone number', 'organization number', 'two assistants', 'auditor Election', 'Company Resolution', 'registration certificates', 'Proxy forms', 'separate registration', 'nominee-registered shares', 'regular mail', 'Directors Election', 'shareholders’ questions', 'agenda Presentation', '2024 Resolution', '19 April', 'NOTICE', 'PUBL', '22 May', 'IVA', 'Stockholm', 'Board', 'support', 'Articles', 'Association', 'votes', 'advance', 'participation', 'name', 'contact', 'opportunity', '15 May', 'order', 'website', 'Att', 'Nybrogatan', 'day', 'personal', 'representatives', 'maximum', 'power', 'manner', 'owners', 'signed', 'proof', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'accordance', 'discharge', 'liability', 'members', 'fees', 'guidelines', 'remuneration', 'authorization', 'convertibles', 'warrants', 'employees', 'Proposals', 'resolutions', 'item']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23238,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COPPERSTONE-RESOURCES-AB-39433156/news/Copperstone-Resources-Item-12-ndash-Proposal-for-incentive-program-43544184/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Copperstone Resources : Item 12 – Proposal for incentive program,(marketscreener.com)   The board of directors' of Copperstone Resources AB proposal on resolution on adoption of Incentive program 2023/2027:1 by way of issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB and approval of transfer of warrants to man…,"Copperstone Resources : Item 12 – Proposal for incentive program 04/19/2023 | 10:50am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields The board of directors' of Copperstone Resources AB (publ) proposal on resolution on adoption of Incentive program 2023/2027:1 by way of (A) issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB and (B) approval of transfer of warrants to management and key personnel in the Company (item 12) The board of directors of Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  reg.no. 556704-4168 (""Copperstone"" or the ""Company"")  proposes that the general meeting resolves to adopt an incentive program aimed for management and key personnel in the Company. This is proposed to be carried out by way of a directed issue of warrants to the wholly owned subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB (the ""Subsidiary"") in accordance with resolution item (A) below  and transfer to selected management and key personnel in accordance with resolution item (B). The resolution items (A) and (B) are mutually conditioned by each other and are resolved upon as one resolution. The board of directors assesses that it is urgent and in the interest of all shareholders that management and key personnel have a long-term interest in good value development of the share in the Company. A personal and long-term ownership commitment can be expected to contribute to an increased interest of the Company's operations and results as well as to increase the participants' motivation for  and affinity with  the Company and its shareholders. Incentive program 2023/2027:1 has been prepared by the board of directors in consultation with external advisors  whereby affected members of management have not been participating in relevant parts. (A) Issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB The board of directors proposes that a directed issue of warrants is carried out on the following terms: No more than 15 000 000 warrants of series 2023/2027:1 shall be issued. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  only accrue to the Subsidiary. The intention is that the warrants afterwards shall be transferred to management and key personnel in the Company in accordance with what is stated in resolution item (B). The reason for the proposal to deviate from the shareholders' preferential rights is thus to create incentives for management and key personnel to always work for the Company's positive development  since these persons possess management roles or key roles in the Company and thereby constitute an important part of the Company's continued operations. The warrants are issued without consideration. Subscription of warrants shall be made on a specific subscription list no later than 12 May 2023. The board of directors is entitled to extend the subscription period. Each warrant shall entitle to subscription of one (1) share in the Company to a subscription price per share corresponding to the volume-weighted average price for the share on Nasdaq First North Growth Market's official stock price list during a period of ten (10) trading days ending the day before the Company's annual general meeting on 11 May 2023  multiplicated with 1.5. Subscription of shares by exercising the warrants shall  in accordance with the terms of the warrants  be possible to carry out until and including 19 May 2027. In the event that all of the warrants are exercised for subscription of shares  the Company's registered share capital will increase with SEK 1 500 000. The terms  including customary provisions of recalculation with regard to certain events related to the Company etc.  which are set forth in Appendix A   shall otherwise be applied to the warrants. 1 | 4 A share that has been issued due to exercising  shall entitle to dividend the first time on the record date for dividend immediately after the exercising has been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and the shares have been registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. The CEO  or the person appointed by the board of directors  shall have the right to make such minor adjustments that may be necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. (B) Approval of transfer of warrants to management and key personnel in the Company The board of directors further proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve transfer of warrants to the Subsidiary in accordance with item (A) above and that the Subsidiary is entitled and obliged to transfer the warrants issued in accordance with item (A) to management or key personnel in accordance with the board of directors' resolution hereby. The following shall apply with regard to the Subsidiary's transfer of warrants in Incentive program 2023/2027:1: The Subsidiary shall transfer no more than 15 000 000 warrants in total to management or key personnel (or companies wholly owned by these persons) in the Company with the distribution stated below. Position / Categories Number of warrants CEO Maximum 2 500 000 warrants Management and other key personnel  including Maximum 1 500 000 warrants per person consultants on a permanent basis Newly employed management and key personnel Maximum 2 500 000 warrants per person Other employees Maximum 350 000 warrants per person The warrants shall be transferred on market-based terms to a price determined on the basis of the calculated market value for the warrants at the time of transfer  by an application of Black & Scholes valuation model (option premium). The calculation of the option premium to management shall be made or controlled by an independent valuation expert or shall be made on the basis of the expert's valuation. Furthermore  a so-called offer of first refusal-agreement shall be entered into  according to which the warrant holder shall be obliged to offer the Company to acquire the warrants  or a certain part of these  under certain conditions. Dilution Based on the current number of shares in the Company  the dilution as a consequence of the proposed incentive program  under assumption that all warrants will be exercised for subscription of new shares  will not exceed 1 per cent1 of the shares and votes in the Company (not included the dilution which may arise as a result of the proposed program for the executive chairman of the board and the Company's current incentive programs). See below for further information regarding the total potential dilution as a result of the Company's proposed and current incentive programs. 1 The dilution amounts to 0.97 per cent of the shares and votes in the Company. 2 | 4 Costs for the incentive program and effects on important key figures The incentive program 2023/2027:1 has been prepared in consultation with external advisors and the total cost for this advice is not expected to amount to noteworthy amounts. In addition to the costs for advisors  the board of directors assesses that the incentive program will cause some administrative costs in connection with subscription of shares by exercise of the warrants and registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. Furthermore  the Company may link salary-based bonuses to allotments in order to facilitate participation in the program  bonus costs which in that case will fall within the Company's ordinary personnel costs. The stated dilution above refers  in relation to the Company's key figures  to the dilution of the number of shares  and affects relevant key figures first if the Company's value has risen so much that exercise is carried out during the maturity period. In such case  the dilution should be counteracted by that the Company  in the event of full exercise  would (based on current share price) be added an amount of approximately SEK 32 600 000. Earlier incentive programs in the Company The Company currently has ongoing share-related incentive programs which include management and key personnel  and ongoing share-related incentive programs which include members of the board of directors  which are presented below. On the annual general meeting 20 May 2020  it was resolved to adopt an incentive program for management as well as to adopt an incentive program for members of the board of directors. The incentive program for management included a total of 7 250 000 warrants and the incentive program for members of the board of directors included a total of 9 000 000 warrants. Both the incentive program for members of the board of directors and the incentive program for management has a maturity of three years. By way of resolution on the extraordinary general meeting 29 September 2020  a reorganisation of the terms and conditions for parts of the incentive program for management and parts of the incentive program for members of the board of directors was carried out to adapt the warrant terms and conditions for a total of 6 350 000 warrants  in order to comply with what was agreed with some later added warrant holders. Each warrant in both incentive programs resolved on the annual general meeting 2020 currently entitles to subscription of one share due to issues carried out  to a strike price of SEK 0.73 per share with a maturity expiring 20 May 2023. Each warrant for the incentive programs  of which the terms and conditions were adjusted on the extraordinary general meeting 29 September 2020  currently entitles to subscription of one share after recalculation due to issues carried out  to a strike price of SEK 1.17 per share and with a maturity expiring 24 July 2023. On the annual general meeting 19 May 2021  it was resolved to adopt an incentive program for management and key personnel  including 10 000 000 warrants  as well as an incentive program for members of the board of directors  including 15 000 000 warrants. The incentive programs have a maturity of three years  respectively. Each warrant in the incentive programs currently entitles to subscription of one share due to issues carried out  to a strike price of SEK 1.27 per share  with a maturity expiring 20 December 2024. The 1 860 000 warrants under the incentive program for management and key personnel  that have not been transferred to management and key personnel during the subscription period  as well as 2 750 000 warrants under the incentive program for members of the board of directors that have not been resold to members of the board of directors  have been withdrawn for cancellation. Thus  a total of 4 610 000 warrants have ceased to have a potential dilution effect. On the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022  it was resolved to adopt an incentive program for management and key personnel  including 12 000 000 warrants  as well as an incentive program for members of the board of directors  including 15 000 000 warrants. The incentive programs have a maturity of three and a half years  respectively. Each warrant in the incentive programs entitles to subscription of one share currently  after 3 | 4 recalculation due to issues carried out  to a strike price of SEK 1.65 per share  with a maturity expiring on 18 December 2025. At the extraordinary general meeting on 1 December 2022  it was resolved to execute an adaptation of the allotment principles for parts of the incentive program for management and key personnel and for the incentive program for members of the board of directors  with the purpose to adapt the incentive programs' frameworks and allotment principles to the agreed transfer to the new CEO. The resolution enabled transfer to the CEO of 5 631 130 warrants in the incentive program for management and key personnel. After the transfer to the CEO  1 228 870 warrants that had not been re-sold remained  and were then cancelled and have thus ceased to have a potential dilutive effect. The resolution further enabled transfer to the CEO of 4 368 870 warrants in the incentive program for members of the board of directors  after which no additional warrants remained in the program for potential allotment. On the extraordinary general meeting on 1 December 2022  it was resolved to adopt an incentive program for management and key personnel  including 3 700 000 warrants. The incentive program has a maturity of three and a half years. Each warrant in the incentive program entitles to subscription of one share  currently after recalculation due to issues carried out  to a strike price of SEK 2.00 per share  with a maturity expiring 29 May 2026. Together with the 1 228 870 warrants resolved by the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022 and were intended to be cancelled by resolution at the extraordinary general meeting  the warrants corresponded to a net increase of approximately 2 470 000 warrants. All of the Company's warrant programs are presented on the Company's website. In the event that the incentive program for management and key personnel in accordance with the board of directors' proposal above and the incentive program for the executive chairman of the board in accordance with the nomination committee's proposal would be fully implemented to the now intended extent  the total numerical dilutive effect together with the current warrant programs will not exceed 5 per cent.2 Minor amendments The board of directors  or a person appointed by the board  shall have the right to make minor amendments regarding this resolution  which may be necessary in connection with registration at the Swedish Companies Registration Office. Majority requirements The resolution to adopt incentive programs according to the above  is covered by the rules for the board of directors and management in Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551)  which  in order for a valid resolution  requires that the proposal under this item is supported by shareholders representing no less than nine tenth (9/10) of both the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the general meeting. _____________________ Kiruna in April 2023 Copperstone Resources AB (publ) The Board of Directors 2 The dilution amounts to 4.54 per cent of the shares and votes in the Company. In this respect  the total dilutive effect does not consider the 11 226 233 warrants (after recalculation in accordance with the warrant terms) which will lapse in May 2023  irrespective of if they are exercised or not. 4 | 4 Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Copperstone Resources AB published this content on 19 April 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 19 April 2023 14:49:04 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about COPPERSTONE RESOURCES AB 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Item 1_ 9 and 10 – Nomination committee's proposals on chair.. PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Item 8b – Resolution regarding appropriation of the company'.. PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Item 11 – Proposal for issue authorisation PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Item 12 – Proposal for incentive program PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Item 13 – Proposal for incentive program PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Appendix A – Terms for incentive program 2023 PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Appendix B – Terms for incentive program 2023 PU 04/12 Copperstone Resources publishes Annual Report for 2022 AQ 03/30 Copperstone Resources : Fullmaktsformulär AGM 2023 (Eng) PU 03/30 Copperstone Resources : Kallelse (Eng) AGM 2023 Copperstone PU",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.75,0.24,0.02,True,English,"['Copperstone Resources', 'incentive program', 'Item', 'Proposal', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market', 'official stock price list', 'Swedish Companies Registration Office', 'subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'multiple email addresses', 'volume-weighted average price', 'Copperstone Resources AB', 'good value development', 'long-term ownership commitment', 'specific subscription list', ""shareholders' preferential rights"", 'annual general meeting', 'registered share capital', 'First name', 'subscription price', 'incentive program', 'positive development', 'key personnel', 'external advisors', 'affected members', 'relevant parts', 'key roles', 'important part', 'customary provisions', 'Appendix A', 'record date', 'minor adjustments', 'resolution items', 'one resolution', 'long-term interest', 'The Subsidiary', 'one (1) share', 'share register', 'continued operations', 'following terms', 'A) issue', 'management roles', 'subscription period', ""directors' resolution"", 'Proposal', '10:50am', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'board', 'adoption', 'way', 'warrants', 'approval', 'transfer', 'Company', 'publ', 'accordance', 'personal', 'increased', 'results', 'motivation', 'affinity', 'consultation', 'series', 'deviation', 'intention', 'reason', 'incentives', 'persons', 'consideration', '12 May', 'day', '11 May', 'shares', '19 May', 'event', 'SEK', 'recalculation', 'regard', 'exercising', 'time', 'CEO', 'connection', 'total', 'distribution']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23239,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COPPERSTONE-RESOURCES-AB-39433156/news/Copperstone-Resources-Item-13-ndash-Proposal-for-incentive-program-43544183/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Copperstone Resources : Item 13 – Proposal for incentive program,(marketscreener.com)   The nomination committee's of Copperstone Resources AB proposal on resolution on adoption of Incentive program 2023/2027:2 by way of issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB and approval of transfer of warrants to …,"Copperstone Resources : Item 13 – Proposal for incentive program 04/19/2023 | 10:50am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields The nomination committee's of Copperstone Resources AB (publ) proposal on resolution on adoption of Incentive program 2023/2027:2 by way of (A) issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB and (B) approval of transfer of warrants to the Company's executive chairman of the board (item 13) The nomination committee in Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  reg.no. 556704-4168 (""Copperstone"" or the ""Company"")  has  in view of the board of directors' proposal according to item 12  considered a corresponding program for members of the board of directors similar to previous years  at least for such board members that are also employees of the Company. The nomination committee has in that respect resolved to propose that the executive chairman of the board shall be able to receive no more than 2 500 000 warrants in an incentive program separate from the board of directors' proposed incentive program for management and key personnel according to item 12  but otherwise on identical terms and conditions. This is proposed to be carried out by way of a directed issue of warrants to the wholly owned subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB (the ""Subsidiary"") in accordance with resolution item (A) below  and transfer to the executive chairman of the board in accordance with resolution item (B). The resolution items (A) and (B) are mutually conditioned by each other and are resolved upon as one resolution and are also conditioned by that the general meeting resolves to re-elect the executive chairman of the board  in accordance with the nomination committee's proposal set out in item 10. The nomination committee assesses that it is urgent and in the interest of all shareholders that the executive chairman of the board of the Company has a long-term interest of a good value development of the share in the Company. A personal and a long-term ownership commitment can be expected to contribute to an increased interest for the Company's operations and results  as well as to increase the executive chairman of the board's motivation for  and affinity with  the Company and its shareholders. Incentive program 2023/2027:2 has been prepared by the nomination committee in consultation with external advisors  whereby the executive chairman of the board has not participated in relevant parts. (A) Issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB The nomination committee proposes that a directed issue of warrants is carried out on the following terms: No more than 2 500 000 warrants of series 2023/2027:2 shall be issued. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  only accrue to the Subsidiary. The intention is that the warrants afterwards shall be transferred to the executive chairman of the board of the Company in accordance with what is stated in resolution item (B). The reason for the proposal to deviate from the shareholders' preferential rights is thus to create incentives for the executive chairman of the board to always work for the positive development of the Company and to keep constituting an important part of the Company's operations. The warrants are issued without consideration. Subscription of warrants shall be made on a specific subscription list no later than 12 May 2023. Each warrant shall entitle to subscription of one (1) share in the Company to a subscription price per share corresponding to the volume-weighted average price for the share on Nasdaq First North Growth Market's official stock price list during a period of ten (10) trading days ending the day before the Company's annual general meeting on 11 May 2023  multiplicated with 1.5. Subscription of shares by exercising the warrants shall  in accordance with the terms of the warrants  be possible to carry out until and including 19 May 2027. 1 | 4 In the event that all of the warrants are exercised for subscription of shares  the Company's registered share capital will increase with SEK 250 000. The terms  including customary provisions of recalculation with regard to certain events related to the Company etc.  which are set forth in Appendix B   shall otherwise be applied to the warrants. A share that has been issued due to exercising  shall entitle to dividend the first time on the record date for dividend immediately after the exercise has been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and the shares have been registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. The CEO  or the person appointed by the nomination committee  shall have the right to make such minor adjustments that may be necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. (B) Approval of transfer of warrants to the Company's executive chairman of the board The nomination committee further proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve transfer of warrants to the Subsidiary in accordance with item (A) above and that the Subsidiary is entitled and is obliged to transfer the warrants issued in accordance with item (A) to the executive chairman of the board in accordance with the general meetings' resolution hereby. The warrants shall be transferred on market-based terms to a price determined on the basis of the calculated market value for the warrants at the time of transfer  by an application of Black & Scholes valuation model (options premium). The calculation of the option premium to the executive chairman of the board shall be made or controlled by an independent valuation expert or shall be made on the basis of the expert's valuation. Furthermore  a so-called offer of first refusal-agreement  shall be entered into  according to which the warrant holder shall be obliged to offer the Company to acquire the warrants  or a certain part of these  under certain conditions. Dilution Based on the current number of shares in the Company  the dilution as a consequence of the proposed incentive program  under assumption that all warrants will be exercised for subscription of new shares  will not exceed 1 per cent1 of the shares and votes in the Company (not included the dilution which may arise as a result of the proposed program to management and key personnel and the Company's current incentive programs). See below for further information regarding the total potential dilution as a result of the Company's proposed and current incentive programs. Costs for the incentive program and effects on important key figures The incentive program 2023/2027:2 has been prepared in consultation with external advisors and the total cost for this advice is not expected to amount to noteworthy amounts. In addition to the costs for advisors  the nomination committee assesses that the incentive program will cause some administrative costs in connection with subscription of shares by exercise of the warrants and registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. The dilution above refers  in relation to the Company's key figures  to the dilution of the number of shares  and affects relevant key figures first if the Company's value has risen so much that the exercise is carried out during 1 The dilution amounts to 0.16 per cent of the shares and votes in the Company. 2 | 4 the maturity period. In such case  the dilution should be counteracted by that the Company  in the event of full exercise  would (based on current share price) be added an amount of SEK 5 400 000. Earlier incentive programs in the Company The Company currently has ongoing share-related incentive programs which include management and key personnel and ongoing share-related incentive programs which include members of the board of directors  which are presented below. On the annual general meeting 20 May 2020  it was resolved to adopt an incentive program for management as well as to adopt an incentive program for members of the board of directors. The incentive program for management included a total of 7 250 000 warrants and the incentive program for members of the board of directors included a total of 9 000 000 warrants. Both the incentive program for members of the board of directors and the incentive program for management has a maturity of three years. By way of resolution on the extraordinary general meeting 29 September 2020  a reorganisation of the terms and conditions for parts of the incentive program for management and parts of the incentive program for members of the board of directors was carried out to adapt the warrant terms and conditions for a total of 6 350 000 warrants  in order to comply with what was agreed with some later added warrant holders. Each warrant in both incentive programs resolved on the annual general meeting 2020 currently entitles to subscription of one share due to issues carried out  to a strike price of SEK 0.73 per share with a maturity expiring 20 May 2023. Each warrant for the incentive programs  of which the terms and conditions were adjusted on the extraordinary general meeting 29 September 2020  currently entitles to subscription of one share after recalculation due to issues carried out  to a strike price of SEK 1.17 per share and with a maturity expiring 24 July 2023. On the annual general meeting 19 May 2021  it was resolved to adopt an incentive program for management and key personnel  including 10 000 000 warrants  as well as an incentive program for members of the board of directors  including 15 000 000 warrants. The incentive programs have a maturity of three years  respectively. Each warrant in the incentive programs currently entitles to subscription of one share due to issues carried out  to a strike price of SEK 1.27 per share  with a maturity expiring 20 December 2024. The 1 860 000 warrants under the incentive program for management and key personnel  that have not been transferred to management and key personnel during the subscription period  as well as 2 750 000 warrants under the incentive program for members of the board of directors that have not been resold to members of the board of directors  have been withdrawn for cancellation. Thus  a total of 4 610 000 warrants have ceased to have a potential dilution effect. On the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022  it was resolved to adopt an incentive program for management and key personnel  including 12 000 000 warrants  as well as an incentive program for members of the board of directors  including 15 000 000 warrants. The incentive programs have a maturity of three and a half years  respectively. Each warrant in the incentive programs entitles to subscription of one share currently  after recalculation due to issues carried out  to a strike price of SEK 1.65 per share  with a maturity expiring on 18 December 2025. At the extraordinary general meeting on 1 December 2022  it was resolved to execute an adaptation of the allotment principles for parts of the incentive program for management and key personnel and for the incentive program for members of the board of directors  with the purpose to adapt the incentive programs' frameworks and allotment principles to the agreed transfer to the new CEO. The resolution enabled transfer to the CEO of 5 631 130 warrants in the incentive program for management and key personnel. After the transfer to the CEO  1 228 870 warrants that had not been re-sold remained  and were then cancelled and have thus ceased to have a potential dilutive effect. The resolution further enabled transfer to the CEO of 4 368 870 warrants in the incentive program for members of the board of directors  after which no additional warrants remained in the program for potential allotment. 3 | 4 On the extraordinary general meeting on 1 December 2022  it was resolved to adopt an incentive program for management and key personnel  including 3 700 000 warrants. The incentive program has a maturity of three and a half years. Each warrant in the incentive program entitles to subscription of one share  currently after recalculation due to issues carried out  to a strike price of SEK 2.00 per share  with a maturity expiring 29 May 2026. Together with the 1 228 870 warrants resolved by the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022 and were intended to be cancelled by resolution at the extraordinary general meeting  the warrants corresponded to a net increase of approximately 2 470 000 warrants. All of the Company's warrant programs are presented on the Company's website. In the event that the incentive program in accordance with the nomination committee's proposal above and the incentive program for management and key personnel in accordance with the board of directors' proposal would be fully implemented to the now intended extent  the total numerical dilutive effect together with the current warrant programs will not exceed 5 per cent.2 Minor amendments The nomination committee  or a person appointed by the nomination committee  shall have the right to make minor amendments regarding this resolution  which may be necessary in connection with registration at the Swedish Companies Registration Office. Majority requirements The resolution to adopt incentive programs according to the above  is covered by the rules for the board of directors and management in Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551)  which  in order for a valid resolution  requires that the proposal under this item is supported by shareholders representing no less than nine tenth (9/10) of both the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the general meeting. _____________________ Kiruna in April 2023 Copperstone Resources AB (publ) The Nomination Committee 2 The dilution amounts to 4.54 per cent of the shares and votes in the Company. In this respect  the total dilutive effect does not consider the 11 226 233 warrants (after recalculation in accordance with the warrant terms) which will lapse in May 2023  irrespective of if they are exercised or not. 4 | 4 Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Copperstone Resources AB published this content on 19 April 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 19 April 2023 14:49:04 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about COPPERSTONE RESOURCES AB 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Item 1_ 9 and 10 – Nomination committee's proposals on chair.. PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Item 8b – Resolution regarding appropriation of the company'.. PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Item 11 – Proposal for issue authorisation PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Item 12 – Proposal for incentive program PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Item 13 – Proposal for incentive program PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Appendix A – Terms for incentive program 2023 PU 04/19 Copperstone Resources : Appendix B – Terms for incentive program 2023 PU 04/12 Copperstone Resources publishes Annual Report for 2022 AQ 03/30 Copperstone Resources : Fullmaktsformulär AGM 2023 (Eng) PU 03/30 Copperstone Resources : Kallelse (Eng) AGM 2023 Copperstone PU",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.92,0.04,0.03,True,English,"['Copperstone Resources', 'incentive program', 'Item', 'Proposal', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market', 'Swedish Companies Registration Office', 'official stock price list', 'subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'multiple email addresses', 'volume-weighted average price', 'Copperstone Resources AB', 'good value development', 'long-term ownership commitment', ""shareholders' preferential rights"", 'specific subscription list', 'annual general meeting', 'registered share capital', 'First name', 'incentive program', 'positive development', 'subscription price', 'nomination committee', 'executive chairman', 'corresponding program', 'previous years', 'key personnel', 'external advisors', 'relevant parts', 'important part', 'customary provisions', 'Appendix B', 'record date', 'minor adjustments', 'resolution items', 'one resolution', 'long-term interest', 'one (1) share', 'share register', 'A) issue', 'identical terms', 'directed issue', 'following terms', ""directors' proposal"", 'board members', '10:50am', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'adoption', 'way', 'warrants', 'approval', 'transfer', 'Company', 'publ', 'view', 'employees', 'respect', 'management', 'conditions', 'accordance', 'personal', 'increased', 'operations', 'results', 'motivation', 'affinity', 'consultation', 'series', 'deviation', 'intention', 'reason', 'incentives', 'consideration', '12 May', 'period', 'day', '11 May', 'shares', '19 May', 'event', 'SEK', 'recalculation', 'regard', 'exercising', 'exercise', 'CEO', 'connection']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23240,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.arvopaperi.fi/porssitiedotteet/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-savosolar-plc/28aab091-a3b3-5a3a-80cd-a8c4fbdf86de,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Savosolar Plc,C. Instructions for the participants 1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ register Each shareholder who is registered on 2 May 2023 in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to participate in ...,C. Instructions for the participants 1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ register Each shareholder who is registered on 2 May 2023 in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to participate in ...,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Savosolar Plc', 'Notice', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd.', 'C. Instructions', 'shareholders’ register', 'participants', '2 May', 'company', 'right']",2023-04-20,2023-04-20,arvopaperi.fi
23241,Clearstream,Bing API,https://pressat.co.uk/releases/fuel-venture-capital-to-conduct-roadshow-in-asia-for-latest-fund-75d54e301b3cfe3d48fd64c16efaeac8/,Fuel Venture Capital to conduct roadshow in Asia for latest fund,Institutional investors will be able to participate in its upcoming Fuel Venture Capital Flagship Fund II  which is aiming to raise $300 million  via The Fuel VC Note  a listed  centrally cleared transferable Note that can be sold and traded throughout its duration.,The fund uses a unique structure tipped to transform the private markets landscapeFuel Venture Capital  a leading early-stage investor in technology and digital companies  will conduct a roadshow in Asia next week as it looks to raise money for its next fund  which uses an innovative  new funding structure positioned to transform the private markets landscape.Institutional investors will be able to participate in its upcoming Fuel Venture Capital Flagship Fund II  which is aiming to raise $300 million  via The Fuel VC Note  a listed  centrally cleared transferable Note that can be sold and traded throughout its duration.Fuel and its advisers will meet investors in Singapore  Hong Kong and South Korea as part of a week-long roadshow in early May.Investing in the fund in this way enables the potential liquidity and transferability of a stake in an underlying asset class that has traditionally been illiquid  whilst any distributions from underlying liquidity events (e.g. IPOs) can still be passed through to investors in a tax efficient manner. This means investors can potentially exit their investments more easily and quickly  compared to traditional venture capital investments.Investors can purchase  value and custody the Fuel Note through their existing brokerage accounts  making the process seamless and hassle-free. The innovative structure also allows exclusive access to the fund with smaller investment minimums  making previously exclusive opportunities more accessible to a wider range of professional investors.The Fuel VC Note will invest directly into the Fuel Venture Capital Flagship Fund II with a discounted fee structure. Investors will gain a unique 1:1 exposure to the underlying fund  gaining exposure diversified across the global creative economy.The fund will target disruptive technology companies that transform how businesses and consumers transact  consume  work and enjoy their life journey. The fund is already primed to invest in seven warehouse companies  all previously backed by Fuel Venture Capital funds. These are: Betr  RecargaPay  Soundtrack Your Brand  Curve  CookUnity  AEXLAB and Novopayment.Fuel Venture Capital is not the first to pursue innovation of this type within the private markets landscape. Private Equity platform Moonfare uses various forms of feeder vehicles to give investors access to private equity and venture funds in a similar way. The Fuel Note takes this accessibility to the next level  with some unique features and advantages.Another unique feature of the Fuel Note is that it will have a CUSIP/ISIN and be centrally cleared  via central clearing systems including Euroclear  Clearstream and DTCC. This eliminates the need for KYC/AML  application forms  wire transfers and tax forms  such as W8-BEN Forms  streamlining the investment process further for investors.Furthermore  the pricing of the Fuel Note will be available via Bloomberg  SIX Financial  and the relevant Stock Exchange where it will be listed  adding an extra layer of transparency and accessibility to the investment process. Additionally  the Note will have blue chip counterparties acting on behalf of the noteholders  ensuring a high level of security and trust in the investment.The note will be issued by S1Series Designated Activity Company (DAC)  an Irish section 110 tax status company  which has been sponsored by London-based Sequence Capital and structured by Lynk Capital Markets  a Fintech platform for the creation and distribution of alternative investments.Jeff Ransdell  founding partner and managing director of Fuel Venture Capital  said:“We believe that the Fuel Note will be a game-changer in the private markets space  offering investors a new level of accessibility  liquidity and transparency. We are excited to be at the forefront of this innovative funding structure and look forward to its successful launch. We believe it will transform the private markets landscape.”Mario Rivero  founder and director of Lynk Capital Markets  said:“With the Fuel Note  we aim to revolutionize the way investors access private markets  making it easier and more efficient than ever before. We are proud to have created a transparent  listed  and freely transferable structure that democratizes the process of investing in private market transactions.”,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Fuel Venture Capital', 'latest fund', 'roadshow', 'Asia', 'upcoming Fuel Venture Capital Flagship Fund II', 'Irish section 110 tax status company', 'S1Series Designated Activity Company', 'traditional venture capital investments', 'Fuel Venture Capital funds', 'centrally cleared transferable Note', 'The Fuel VC Note', 'innovative, new funding structure', 'London-based Sequence Capital', 'Lynk Capital Markets', 'tax efficient manner', 'The Fuel Note', 'innovative funding structure', 'freely transferable structure', 'leading early-stage investor', 'existing brokerage accounts', 'global creative economy', 'central clearing systems', 'relevant Stock Exchange', 'blue chip counterparties', 'private market transactions', 'underlying asset class', 'seven warehouse companies', 'private markets landscape', 'private markets space', 'smaller investment minimums', 'Private Equity platform', 'underlying liquidity events', 'disruptive technology companies', 'venture funds', 'innovative structure', 'tax forms', 'underlying fund', 'new level', 'unique structure', 'digital companies', 'fee structure', 'Fintech platform', 'next fund', 'alternative investments', 'Hong Kong', 'South Korea', 'early May', 'potential liquidity', 'exclusive opportunities', 'wider range', 'life journey', 'various forms', 'feeder vehicles', 'next level', 'unique features', 'application forms', 'wire transfers', 'W8-BEN Forms', 'SIX Financial', 'extra layer', 'high level', 'Jeff Ransdell', 'founding partner', 'successful launch', 'Mario Rivero', 'week-long roadshow', 'exclusive access', 'unique 1:1 exposure', 'investment process', 'managing director', 'transparent, listed', 'similar way', 'Institutional investors', 'professional investors', 'Asia', 'money', 'duration', 'advisers', 'Singapore', 'transferability', 'stake', 'distributions', 'IPOs', 'custody', 'businesses', 'consumers', 'Betr', 'RecargaPay', 'Soundtrack', 'Brand', 'Curve', 'CookUnity', 'AEXLAB', 'Novopayment', 'innovation', 'type', 'Moonfare', 'accessibility', 'advantages', 'CUSIP/ISIN', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'DTCC', 'need', 'KYC/AML', 'pricing', 'Bloomberg', 'transparency', 'behalf', 'noteholders', 'security', 'trust', 'DAC', 'creation', 'game-changer', 'forefront', 'founder', 'investing']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,pressat.co.uk
23242,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/R-STAHL-AG-11277506/news/R-STAHL-and-i-safe-MOBILE-Technology-and-world-market-leaders-in-explosion-protection-enter-into-s-43537789/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,R. STAHL and i.safe MOBILE: Technology and world market leaders in explosion protection enter into strategic partnership,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: R. Stahl AG / Key word: Alliance/ContractR. STAHL and i.safe MOBILE: Technology and world market leaders in explosion protection enter into strategic partnership 19.04.2023 / 09:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is …,EQS-News: R. Stahl AG / Key word(s): Alliance/ContractR. STAHL and i.safe MOBILE: Technology and world market leaders in explosion protection enter into strategic partnership19.04.2023 / 09:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.R. STAHL and i.safe MOBILE: Technology and world market leaders in explosion protection enter into strategic partnershipSynergy effect in the field of digitalization  IIoT  Industry 4.0 and AIMutual complementation and exchange of product portfoliosStrengthening market leadership through mutual innovative strength and development of further industrial sectorsR. STAHL extends competence to mobile applicationsi.safe MOBILE further expands leading global market presenceWaldenburg/Lauda-Koenigshofen  19 April 2023 – R. STAHL and i.safe MOBILE GmbH signed a strategic partnership agreement a few days ago. The cooperation covers the mutual complementation and exchange of product portfolios in the field of explosion protection. The globally established technology and market leaders from the Main-Tauber and Hohenlohe region in Germany see the cooperation as a strong positive synergy effect for the range of products and services provided by both companies. The innovative strength of the industry specialists offers customers competent all-round support in the field of digitalization  IIoT  Industry 4.0 and AI in hazardous areas. Both companies already supply global customers in the chemical  petroleum processing  pharmaceutical and other demanding process industries.i.safe MOBILE is the innovation and world market leader for explosion-proof mobile devices and solutions. i.safe MOBILE GmbH  headquartered in Lauda-Koenigshofen (Germany)  was founded in 2011 and  as a global market leader with more than 80 employees  is today one of the most innovative developers of mobile communication devices such as mobile phones  smartphones  tablets for safe use in potentially explosive environments. Engineers and specialists develop practical products and customer-specific software solutions at the Lauda-Koenigshofen site based on legal regulations such as ATEX  IECEx und NEC 500. i.safe MOBILE has a branch office in Singapore and is represented by sales partners in 72 countries in Europe  then USA  Latin America  South Africa  the Middle East  Australia and Asia.R. STAHL  technology leader in electrical explosion protection and number three in the world market with annual sales of around €274 million  offers customers in the process industry  the gas and LNG sector and also in shipbuilding products and solutions ranging from electrical equipment and complex control systems to customer-specific applications. Including mobile devices of i.safe MOBILE  the listed company closes a strategic gap for mobile worker applications and completes its product range as a full-range supplier  espe­cially in the field of automation solutions. Today  R. STAHL offers a broad portfolio for the installation of digital infrastructure in hazardous areas  e.g. WIFI networks. In combination with the products of i.safe MOBILE  the possibilities now also expand to the use of new technologies such as the 5G standard in mobile communications.„Our combined expertise and the innovative power of both companies enables us to strengthen our international presence and market leadership in hazardous areas in the medium and long term. The partnership with R. STAHL emphasizes our vision to provide our customers with the safest and latest technologies and supply technically and economi­cally optimal products for their digitalization projects“  highlights Martin Haaf  CEO of i.safe MOBILE.„The product ranges of both companies complement each other seamlessly due to the high technological and innovative standards of the products and solutions. With the mobile communication devices of i.safe MOBILE  we can offer our customers more comprehend­sive solutions for their automation tasks as a one-stop supplier  espe­cially as explosion protection is a very complex and safety-relevant discipline“  says Carsten Brenner  Head of Business Unit Automation at R. STAHL.Pictures are available for download on our website www.r-stahl.com under: Corporate – News – Press material (https://r-stahl.com/en/global/corporate/news/press-material/).About R. STAHL – www.r-stahl.comR. STAHL is the world's leading supplier of electrical and electronic products and systems for explosion protection. These products and systems prevent explosions in hazardous areas and contribute to the safety of people  machines and the environment. The portfolio ranges from products used in switching/distributing  installing  operating/monitoring  lighting and signalling/alarming up to automation.Typical customers are the chemical and pharmaceutical industry  the oil & gas industry - including LNG applications - as well as the food and beverage industry. Most of the R. STAHL products are also approved for use with hydrogen. According to preliminary figures  2022 global sales amounting to around €274 million were generated by 1 676 employees. The shares of R. STAHL AG are traded on the Regulated Market/Prime Standard of Deutsche Boerse (ISIN DE000A1PHBB5).Contact:R. STAHL AGJudith SchäubleDirector Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsAm Bahnhof 3074638 Waldenburg (Württ.)GermanyTel. +49 7942 943-1396investornews@r-stahl.com,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['i.safe MOBILE', 'world market leaders', 'R. STAHL', 'explosion protection', 'strategic partnership', 'Technology', 'other demanding process industries', 'strong positive synergy effect', 'i.safe MOBILE GmbH', 'leading global market presence', 'i.safe MOBILE.', 'explosion-proof mobile devices', 'mobile communication devices', 'mobile worker applications', 'global market leader', 'Business Unit Automation', 'comprehend\xadsive solutions', 'world market leaders', 'customer-specific software solutions', 'strategic partnership agreement', 'R. Stahl AG', 'mutual innovative strength', 'complex control systems', 'electrical explosion protection', 'R. STAHL products', 'mobile applications', 'international presence', 'leading supplier', 'mobile phones', 'mobile communications', 'customer-specific applications', '2022 global sales', 'process industry', 'market leadership', 'safe use', 'Mutual complementation', 'strategic gap', 'LNG applications', 'innovative developers', 'innovative power', 'innovative standards', 'global customers', 'Key word', 'product portfolios', 'industrial sectors', 'Hohenlohe region', 'hazardous areas', 'petroleum processing', 'explosive environments', 'legal regulations', 'branch office', 'sales partners', 'Latin America', 'South Africa', 'Middle East', 'annual sales', 'LNG sector', 'electrical equipment', 'full-range supplier', 'digital infrastructure', 'WIFI networks', 'new technologies', '5G standard', 'combined expertise', 'long term', 'latest technologies', 'Martin Haaf', 'product ranges', 'high technological', 'automation tasks', 'one-stop supplier', 'safety-relevant discipline', 'Carsten Brenner', 'preliminary figures', 'technology leader', 'automation solutions', 'beverage industry', 'practical products', 'shipbuilding products', 'optimal products', 'electronic products', 'Lauda-Koenigshofen site', 'broad portfolio', 'Press material', 'digitalization projects', 'Typical customers', 'industry specialists', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'gas industry', 'Industry 4.0', 'EQS-News', 'Alliance/Contract', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'field', 'IIoT', 'AI', 'exchange', 'development', 'competence', 'Waldenburg/Lauda-Koenigshofen', '19 April', 'cooperation', 'Germany', 'services', 'companies', 'competent', 'innovation', '80 employees', 'smartphones', 'tablets', 'Engineers', 'ATEX', 'IECEx', 'NEC 500', 'Singapore', '72 countries', 'Europe', 'USA', 'Australia', 'Asia', 'company', 'installation', 'combination', 'possibilities', 'medium', 'vision', 'safest', 'CEO', 'Head', 'Pictures', 'download', 'website', 'Corporate', 'explosions', 'people', 'machines', 'monitoring', 'lighting', 'chemical', 'oil', 'food', 'hydrogen', '09']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23243,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/biophytis-regains-compliance-nasdaq-minimum-062000775.html,Biophytis Regains Compliance with NASDAQ Minimum Bid Price Requirement,"Biophytis SA (NASDAQ:BPTS)(Euronext Growth Paris:ALBPS) (the ""Company"" or ""Biophytis"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development of ...","PARIS  FRANCE and CAMBRIDGE  MA / ACCESSWIRE / April 19  2023 / Biophytis SA (NASDAQ:BPTS)(Euronext Growth Paris:ALBPS) (the ""Company"" or ""Biophytis"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development of therapeutics that slow the degenerative processes associated with aging  including severe respiratory failure in patients suffering from COVID-19  today announced that it has received written notification (the ""Notification Letter"") from the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (""NASDAQ"") dated April 14  2022  indicating that Biophytis has regained compliance with he Nasdaq Global Select Market minimum bid price requirement.On October 20  2022  the Nasdaq had notified Biophytis that based upon a closing bid price of less than $1.00 per share for the Company's American Depositary Shares (""ADSs"") for the prior 30 consecutive business deay period  the Company no longer satisfied Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). Since then Nasdaq has determined that for the last 10 consecutive business days  from March 30  2023 to April 13  2023  the closing bid price of the Company's American Depositary Shares has been at $1.00 per share or greater. Accordingly  Biophytis has regained compliance with he Nasdaq Global Select Market minimum bid price requirement.About BIOPHYTISBiophytis SA is a clinical-stage biotechnology company specialized in the development of therapeutics that are aimed at slowing the degenerative processes associated with aging and improving functional outcomes for patients suffering from age-related diseases  including severe respiratory failure in patients suffering from COVID-19. Sarconeos (BIO101)  our leading drug candidate  is a small molecule  administered orally  being developed as a treatment for sarcopenia in a Phase 2 clinical trial in the United States and Europe (SARA-INT. In addition  Sarconeos (BIO101) has been demonstrated to be active on severe COVID-19 patients  in a positive Ph2-3 study (COVA) with results released Q1 2023. A pediatric formulation of Sarconeos (BIO101) is being developed for thetreatment of Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD). The Company is based in Paris  France  and Cambridge  Massachusetts. The Company's ordinary shares are listed on Euronext Growth (Ticker: ALBPS -ISIN: FR0012816825) and ADSs (American Depositary Shares) are listed on Nasdaq Capital Market (Ticker BPTS - ISIN: US09076G1040). For more information visit www.biophytis.comStory continuesDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""outlook "" ""believes "" ""expects "" ""potential "" ""continues "" ""may "" ""will "" ""should "" ""could "" ""seeks "" ""predicts "" ""intends "" ""trends "" ""plans "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates"" or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Biophytis considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that the statements contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Biophytis or not currently considered material by Biophytis. Accordingly  there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. Please also refer to the ""Risk and uncertainties the Company is to face"" section from the Company's 2022 Half Year Financial Report available on BIOPHYTIS website (www.biophytis.com) and as exposed in the ""Risk Factors"" section of form 20-F as well as other forms filed with the SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission  USA). We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  except as required by law.Biophytis Contact for Investor RelationsPhilippe Rousseau CFOInvestors@biophytis.comMedia ContactsAntoine Denry: antoine.denry@taddeo.fr +33 6 18 07 83 27Agathe Boggio: agathe.boggio@taddeo.fr +33 7 62 77 69 42SOURCE: BiophytisView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/750076/Biophytis-Regains-Compliance-with-NASDAQ-Minimum-Bid-Price-Requirement",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.09,0.19,0.72,True,English,"['NASDAQ Minimum Bid Price Requirement', 'Biophytis Regains', 'Compliance', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market minimum bid price requirement', 'prior 30 consecutive business deay period', 'Nasdaq Stock Market LLC', 'last 10 consecutive business days', '2022 Half Year Financial Report', 'closing bid price', 'Nasdaq Capital Market', 'Nasdaq Listing Rule', 'severe respiratory failure', 'leading drug candidate', 'Phase 2 clinical trial', 'positive Ph2-3 study', 'Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy', 'Philippe Rousseau CFO', 'American Depositary Shares', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'other comparable words', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'severe COVID-19 patients', 'Risk Factors"" section', 'ordinary shares', 'important factors', 'other forms', 'degenerative processes', 'functional outcomes', 'age-related diseases', 'small molecule', 'United States', 'pediatric formulation', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'negative version', 'actual outcomes', 'Exchange Commission', 'future developments', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Contacts', 'Notification Letter', 'various risks', 'new information', 'Antoine Denry', 'Agathe Boggio', 'source version', 'Biophytis SA', 'BIOPHYTIS website', 'Biophytis Contact', 'Ticker BPTS', 'FRANCE', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'ALBPS', 'therapeutics', 'aging', 'compliance', 'October', 'less', 'ADSs', 'March', 'Sarconeos', 'treatment', 'sarcopenia', 'Europe', 'SARA-INT', 'addition', 'COVA', 'results', 'DMD', 'Massachusetts', 'ISIN', 'Story', 'Disclaimer', 'cases', 'outlook', 'seeks', 'trends', 'plans', 'assumptions', 'assurance', 'uncertainties', 'Securities', 'USA', 'obligation', 'law', 'Investors', 'taddeo', 'NASDAQ-Minimum-Bid-Price-Requirement']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23244,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/abivax-reports-2022-financial-results-193000193.html,Abivax Reports 2022 Financial Results and Operations Update,"Abivax (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 - ABVX) (the ""Company"")  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate...","Obefazimod global pivotal phase 3 program (ABTECT program) in moderate to severe ulcerative colitis (UC) early enrollment progressing according to planAbivax reports promising Phase 2b maintenance results with 52.5% of UC patients in clinical remission after two years of continued oral daily treatment with 50mg obefazimod (ITT-Analysis)US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Medicine Agency (EMA) provided their agreement on the pediatric study plans for the development of obefazimod in UC inchildren aged 2 to 17Scientific articles published in the peer-reviewed journals ""The Lancet Gastroenterology & Hepatology"" and ""Clinical and Translational Gastroenterology"" highlighting obefazimod's capacity to treat patients with moderate to severe UC and its novel mechanism of actionAppointment of Marc de Garidel as new Chief Executive Officer and Interim Board Chair  Sheldon Sloan  M.D.  M. Bioethics  as new Chief Medical Officer and Michael Ferguson as new Chief Commercial OfficerFinancing of EUR 49.2M secured in September 2022  complemented by another EUR 130M oversubscribed capital increase in February 2023  at market price  subscribed by new and existing high-quality US and European biotech specialist investorsCash resources fund operations throughout Q2 2024PARIS  FRANCE / ACCESSWIRE / April 19  2023 / Abivax (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 - ABVX) (the ""Company"")  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  today announces its 2022 annual financial results  as of December 31  2022  and provides an update on the progress of its product pipeline. The financial statements for 2022 have been audited and approved by the Company's Board of Directors on April 18  2023. The audit procedures on the consolidated financial statements have been performed and the certification report is being prepared by the Company's external auditors.Story continuesProf. Hartmut J. Ehrlich  M.D.  CEO of Abivax said: ""2022 was another eventful and successful year for Abivax. We made great progress in advancing our lead product candidate obefazimod into a Phase 3 clinical program for the treatment of UC patients. Our new CMO  Sheldon Sloan  and new CCO  Michael Ferguson  under the leadership of our newly appointed CEO Marc de Garidel  will play critical roles in the successful conduct and completion of these clinical trials  as well as in the subsequent global submissions and commercial launch preparations. As already observed in our previously conducted Phase 2a and Phase 2b trials  we believe that the results of our ABTECT program will confirm the rapid onset of action- and long-term efficacy and safety profile of obefazimod. The trust of our new and existing investors  as well as the increased interest of the scientific and medical community in obefazimod  encourages Abivax to stay focused and committed to make our drug candidate rapidly available to all the patients in need.""Didier Blondel  CFO of Abivax  added: ""Our successful financing round of EUR 49.2M  concluded in 2022  and the pricing of another EUR 130M capital increase  at market price in February this year  fund the Company's operations throughout Q2 2024. These new financial resources will be mainly used to continue our Phase 3 clinical program with obefazimod for the treatment of UC patients. The successful conduct of this program  along with the maximization of shareholder value  continue to be Abivax's top priorities for 2023 and beyond. We are focusing to securing the full funding of the ABTECT program in due course through additional non-dilutive and/or dilutive financial resources.""2022 Financial HighlightsItems in the Income Statement FY 2022 FY 2021 Change in millions of EurosTotal operating income 0.1 9.7 (9.6 ) Total operating expenses (56.7 ) (52.2 ) (4.5 ) of which Research and Development costs (48.7) (47.2) (1.5) of which administrative costs and overheads (8.0) (5.0) (3.0) Operating result (56.6 ) (42.6 ) (14.1 ) Financial result (3.8 ) (3.1 ) (0.7 ) Ordinary result (60.5 ) (45.7 ) (14.8 ) Extraordinary result (13.9 ) 0.1 (14.0 ) Tax on income 4.5 4.2 0.3 Result for the period (69.8 ) (41.4 ) (28.5 )Financial Items from the Balance Sheet 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Change in millions of Euros Net Financial Position (19.8 ) 6.6 (26.4 ) of which financial fixed assets* 0.0 0.0 0.0 of which fixed-term deposits (maturing in > 1 year) 0.0 0.0 0.0 of which fixed-term deposits (maturing in < 1 year) 0.0 0.0 0.0 of which available cash 26.9 60.7 (33.8 ) of which financial debts (46.7 ) (54.1 ) 7.4 Total Assets 73.4 110.4 (37.0 ) Total Equity 8.7 35.6 (26.9 ) of which equity capital 1.9 28.8 (26.9 ) of which conditional advances 6.8 6.8 (0.0 )* Excluding items of the liquidity contract (liquidity and own shares) and deposits & guaranteesOperating loss EUR -56.6M (EUR -14.0M compared to EUR -42.6M as of December 31  2021) which reflects the increasing investments in R&D (EUR -1.5M) and G&A expenses (EUR -3.0M). The remaining difference is mainly due to the one-off income recorded in 2021  resulting from Bpifrance grant  relating to the full completion of the obefazimod Covid-19 program (EUR +9.6M)R&D expenses remained stable at EUR -48.7M (EUR -1.5M compared to -47.2M in 2021)  reflecting mainly the funding needs for the development of obefazimod (93% of the total R&D expenses)  notably taking into account the progressive ramp up of the ongoing Phase 3 program for the treatment of ulcerative colitisG&A expenses increased to EUR -8.0M (14.1% of total operating costs) compared to 2021 at EUR -5.0MTotal number of employees at the end of December 2022 was 22 and slightly decreased compared to 2021The extraordinary loss for 2022 at EUR -13.9M is mostly resulting from the full depreciation of ABX196 after deciding to put the program on holdCash at the end of 2022 was EUR +26.9M  compared to EUR +60.7M at the end of 2021The Company's cash utilization rate during 2022 was EUR -7.3M per month (EUR -5.5M in 2021) The Company has successfully completed a fund raising in September 2022 (EUR +49.2M gross amount  EUR +46 0 net amount after deduction of transaction fees)  composed of EUR +46.2M equity raise combined with EUR +2.9 royalty certificates; in addition  the Company completed another EUR +130M oversubscribed capital increase at market price in February 2023 (EUR 123M after deduction of transaction fees). These financing rounds were both led by TCGX  with participation from existing investors such as Sofinnova Partners  Invus  Deep Track Capital  Venrock Healthcare Capital Partners  as well as from new investors such as Great Point Partners LLC  Deerfield Management Company  Commodore Capital  Samsara BioCapital  Boxer Capital and others.The Company is currently funded throughout Q2 2024  based on the following assumptions: Assessment of planned R&D needs in 2023 and 2024  notably taking into account the conduct of the obefazimod Phase 3 program for the treatment of ulcerative colitis (ABTECT program) 2023 opening cash Additional cash resulting from the February 2023 capital raise 2023 cash in resulting from the reimbursement of the 2022 Research Tax CreditAs previously communicated  at this point of time  the prospective funding needs of Abivax consider the costs of the ongoing ulcerative colitis Phase 3 program with obefazimod  as well as the running costs of the Company  as planned and assessed as of today. The following costs are not included: Any costs related to the continued treatment of patients who are receiving clinical benefit beyond 52 weeks of the Phase 3 trial; Costs relating to market access  pre-marketing and pre-commercial investments which will be required in due time for the appropriate preparation of the commercialization of obefazimod; Any financing related to subsequent potential indications to be treated with obefazimod  such as Crohn's Disease and/or rheumatoid arthritis; The Company will assess and plan for these funding requirements and will regularly update the market on its financing need projections. The potential impact for the operations throughout Q2 2024 is not expected to materially affect Abivax's current cash runway.OPERATING HIGHLIGHTS: PORTFOLIO UPDATEObefazimod global pivotal Phase 3 clinical program in ulcerative colitis (UC) - ABTECT programAt this time  priority is given to the Phase 3 program in moderate to severe UC (ABTECT program)  which includes 1 200 patients suffering from moderate to severe UC at 600 investigator sites covering North America  Europe  Latin America and Asia Pacific. The ABTECT program was initiated in the first half of 2022 and the first patient in the United States was enrolled on October 11  2022.The ABTECT program consists of two 8-week induction trials followed by a 44-week maintenance trial. Abivax has committed to provide access to the study medication to patients who continue to experience clinical benefit beyond the end of the maintenance trial.In December 2022  Abivax announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (the FDA) provided their agreement on the initial Pediatric Study Plan (iPSP) for the development of obefazimod in UC in children aged 2 to 17. The European Medicines Agency (EMA) also provided their green light for the pediatric investigation plan (PIP) with obefazimod for the treatment of Inflammatory Bowel Diseases (IBD) in children aged 2 to 17 in December 2022. Recognizing the impact in children and adolescents  Abivax is committed to the pediatric development of obefazimod for the treatment of IBD.The next steps envisaged for the Phase 3 program of obefazimod for the treatment of UC are (i) obtaining the first results of the induction trials at the end of 2024  (ii) obtaining the first results of the maintenance trial at the end of 2025  and (iii) submission of marketing authorization applications in Europe and the United States by 2026.Obefazimod Phase 2b maintenance trial in UCAbivax recently reported the results of its Phase 2b maintenance trial of obefazimod in UC after two years of continued once-daily treatment with 50mg obefazimod.Among the 217 patients who continued their treatment with 50mg once-daily oral obefazimod  49 were already in clinical remission after the 8-week induction trial. 67.3% (n=33) out of these 49 patients stayed in clinical remission during the maintenance treatment. Further  out of the 168 patients who were not in clinical remission at the end of the induction phase  48.2% (n=81) showed a de novo clinical remission at the end of the two-year maintenance therapy with obefazimod.Furthermore  the clinical remission rate for patients who did not show at least a clinical response at the end of the 8-week induction phase was 43.0% (n=40) after two years of treatment  demonstrating that long-term administration of obefazimod provided substantial clinical benefits also for these patients.75% (n=164/217) of the patients included in the maintenance trial completed two years of once-daily oral dosing with 50mg obefazimod. 30 patients dropped out during the first year of treatment. 6 patients did not qualify for the second year due to non-response after the first year of treatment  and 17 patients dropped out during the second year. These patients were all considered as treatment failures in the ITT analysis.During the induction and the maintenance treatments of the Phase 2b trial  the safety and tolerability profile observed was consistent with previous findings and no safety signals were observed.As of November 2022 (last safety data cut-off)  1 074 patients and volunteers were treated with obefazimod  of which 209 patients have been treated with 50 mg obefazimod for one year or more. At present  no signal of opportunistic infections or malignancies were detected across all studies.Obefazimod Phase 2a maintenance trial in UCFurther  11 out of the 22 UC patients initially included in the Phase 2a maintenance trial recently completed the fourth year of continued daily treatment with 50mg obefazimod.41% (n=9/22) of the patients were in clinical remission and 50% (n=11/22) showed a clinical response after four years. Further  27% (n=6/22) of the patients were in endoscopic remission and 41% (n=9/22) had an endoscopic improvement after four years of treatment with obefazimod.Scientific publications and presentations on obefazimod UC clinical trial results and its novel mechanism of actionIn September 2022  Abivax published a scientific article in the peer-reviewed journal ""The Lancet Gastroenterology & Hepatology""  the world-leading gastroenterology and hepatology research journal. The title of the article is ""ABX464 (obefazimod) for moderate to severe active ulcerative colitis: a randomised  placebo controlled phase 2b induction trial and 48-week  open-label extension"".[1]The publication highlights that all doses of obefazimod tested during the induction study (25mg  50mg and 100mg) significantly improved the condition of patients suffering from moderate to severe  active ulcerative colitis compared to placebo  as measured by changes in Modified Mayo Score from baseline at week 8. Further  the data show that patients on continuous daily treatment with 50mg obefazimod during the 48 weeks maintenance trial experienced new or maintained clinical response  clinical remission  endoscopic improvement and endoscopic remission.[2]These safety and efficacy results after 48-week of treatment with obefazimod in the Phase 2b maintenance trial were also selected as ""one of the best abstracts"" for a presentation at the UEG (United European Gastroenterology) Week 2022  that took place in October 2022 in Vienna  Austria.In January 2023  the Company announced the publication of a scientific article in the peer-reviewed journal ""Clinical and Translational Gastroenterology (CTG)"" entitled: ""ABX464 (obefazimod) up-regulates miR-124 to reduce pro-inflammatory markers in inflammatory bowel diseases."" [3]The publication highlights obefazimod's novel mechanism of action (MoA) and its capacity to treat patients with moderate to severe UC. The article extends the observations reported in Abivax's previous publications on the Phase 2a and Phase 2b clinical trials conducted in UC  including patients who failed to respond or stopped responding to currently available therapies.The data from blood and rectal tissue from UC patients published in CTG were also selected for a presentation at the 18th Congress of ECCO in March 2023 in Copenhagen  Denmark.Obefazimod Phase 2b/3 trial for the treatment of Crohn's disease (CD)At this stage  the Company's program of obefazimod for the treatment of CD is suspended until the necessary financing is obtained. The Company will seek such financing once it has been able to complete the financing of the entire Phase 3 program for UC. Therefore  the Company does not currently have an established timetable for the advancement of its CD clinical program with obefazimod.Obefazimod Phase 2a trial in rheumatoid arthritis (RA)In June 2022  the safety and efficacy study results of the obefazimod Phase 2a trial in RA patients were published in the renowned and peer-reviewed journal ""Annals of the Rheumatic Diseases (ARD)""[4] and presented at the Annual European Congress of Rheumatology  EULAR 2022.The publication and EULAR presentation cover the promising top-line results of the induction phase of its Phase 2a clinical trial of obefazimod administered in combination with methotrexate (MTX) for the treatment of active moderate to severe RA. 60 patients who had either an inadequate response to methotrexate and/or TNFα inhibitors participated in the study.In March 2022  Abivax announced its Phase 2a maintenance trial results of obefazimod in RA. Out of the 40 patients who enrolled into the maintenance trial  23 patients had reached the first year of treatment and all achieved at least an ACR20[5]  with 19 and 12 patients achieving ACR50 and ACR70 respectively. Further  the long-term safety profile (50mg obefazimod once daily + MTX) was consistent with previous observations.The Phase 2a data along with the scientific validation in the ARD journal and at EULAR  clearly support moving obefazimod into a subsequent Phase 2b trial for the treatment of RA. Given the priority on the Phase 3 clinical program with obefazimod in UC  the Company's program for the treatment of RA is suspended until the necessary financing is obtained.ABX196 Phase 1/2 clinical trial in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC)In January 2022  Abivax presented the results of the dose escalation phase of its Phase 1/2 clinical trial in HCC at the ASCO GI Cancers Symposium.This trial was conducted at the Scripps MD Anderson Cancer Center in San Diego and the MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston. In this proof-of-concept study  heavily pre-treated hepatocellular cancer patients who previously failed on checkpoint inhibitor treatments were dosed with ABX196  a synthetic invariant Natural Killer T cell (iNKT) agonist  in combination with checkpoint inhibitor nivolumab (Opdivo®  Bristol Myers Squibb).The results of the dose escalation phase support the further clinical development of ABX196 in the HCC setting. However  in the absence of progress on partnership discussions in the second half of 2022  the Company has decided to put the ABX196 program on hold.FURTHER ANNOUNCEMENTSAppointment of Sheldon Sloan  M.D.  M. Bioethics  as Chief Medical OfficerIn January 2023  Abivax announced the appointment of Dr. Sheldon Sloan  M.D.  M. Bioethics  as new Chief Medical Officer  effective on March 1  2023. Dr. Sloan will be involved in the successful conduct and completion of the ongoing Phase 3 global clinical program with obefazimod for the treatment of UC  as well as in the subsequent global submissions and commercial launch preparations.Appointment of Marc de Garidel as Chief Executive Officer and Interim Board ChairIn April 2023  the Company announced the appointment of Marc de Garidel as new Chief Executive Officer and Interim Board Chair  effective on May 5  2023. His appointment bolsters Abivax's position as a leader in the field of chronic inflammatory bowel diseases. Marc de Garidel has an extensive track record in the biopharma sector and he will lead obefazimod towards commercialization and execute on Abivax's clinical and financial strategy.Appointment of Michael Ferguson as Chief Commercial OfficerIn April 2023  Abivax announced the appointment of Michael Ferguson as new Chief Commercial Officer  effective immediately. He has a strong track record in the biopharmaceutical industry  having held senior positions for commercialization and marketing of drugs in the field of Gastroenterology and specifically in IBD. As CCO of Abivax  Michael Ferguson will be leading the market development of obefazimod in IBD.Appointment of Pierre Courteille Ferguson as Chief Business OfficerIn parallel to the appointment of Michael Ferguson as new CCO  Pierre Courteille was appointed Chief Business Officer of Abivax in April 2023.Abivax Board of Directors recompositionAs from May 5  2023  Mr. Marc de Garidel will join the Board of Directors and serve as Chairman on an interim basis. Dr. Philippe Pouletty will become Truffle Capital's permanent representative on the Board in replacement of Mr. Christian Pierret. Ms. Corinna zur Bonsen-Thomas will cease to act as Chairman but will retain her functions as director.Financial Calendar 2023Friday April 28  2023: Publication of the 2022 annual financial reportMonday June 5  2023: Annual Shareholders MeetingThursday September 14  2023: Publication of financial statements as of June 30  2023Friday September 29  2023: Publication of 2023 half year financial reportAbout Abivax (www.abivax.com)Abivax is a Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company  focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Abivax  founded by Truffle Capital  is listed on Euronext compartment B (ISIN: FR0012333284 - Mnémo: ABVX). Based in Paris and Montpellier  Abivax's lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. More information on the Company is available at www.abivax.com. Follow us on Twitter @ABIVAX_.ContactsAbivaxCommunicationsRegina Jehleregina.jehle@abivax.com+33 6 24 50 69 63InvestorsLifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reidlvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com+44 7413 825310Press Relations & Investors EuropeMC Services AGAnne Henneckeanne.hennecke@mc-services.eu+49 211 529 252 22Public Relations FranceActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 6 21 10 49 24 Public Relations FrancePrimaticeThomas Roborel de Climensthomasdeclimens@primatice.com+33 6 78 12 97 95 Public Relations USARooney Partners LLCJeanene Timberlakejtimberlake@rooneypartners.com+1 646 770 8858DISCLAIMERThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates (including patient recruitment) with respect to certain of the Company's programs. Although Abivax' management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks  contingencies and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Abivax  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. A description of these risks  contingencies and uncertainties can be found in the documents filed by the Company with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers pursuant to its legal obligations including its registration document (Document d'Enregistrement Universel). These risks  contingencies and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. Special consideration should be given to the potential hurdles of clinical and pharmaceutical development including further assessment by the company and regulatory agencies and IRBs/ethics committees following the assessment of preclinical  pharmacokinetic  carcinogenicity  toxicity  CMC and clinical data. Furthermore  these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates are only as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Abivax disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements  forecasts or estimates to reflect any subsequent changes that the Company becomes aware of  except as required by law. Information about pharmaceutical products (including products currently in development) which is included in this press release is not intended to constitute an advertisement. This press release is for information purposes only  and the information contained herein does not constitute either an offer to sell  or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe securities of the Company in any jurisdiction  in particular in France. Similarly  it does not give and should not be treated as giving investment advice. It has no connection with the investment objectives  financial situation or specific needs of any recipient. It should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for exercise of their own judgement. All opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.[1] Severine Vermeire et al.: ABX464 (obefazimod) for moderate-to-severe  active ulcerative colitis: a phase 2b  double-blind  randomised  placebo-controlled induction trial and 48-week  open-label extension  Lancet Gastroenterol Hepatol  published online on Sept. 5  2022.[2] The extension efficacy set in the publication includes 78 patients who either completed 48 weeks (73 patients) or were scheduled to complete 48 weeks (5 patients had discontinued).[3] Apolit et al.: ABX464 (obefazimod) up-regulates miR-124 to reduce pro-inflammatory markers in inflammatory bowel diseases  CTG  published online Jan. 2023.[4] Daien C  Krogulec M  Gineste P  et al.: ""Safety and efficacy of the miR-124 upregulator ABX464 (obefazimod  50 and 100 mg per day) in patients with active rheumatoid arthritis and inadequate response to methotrexate and/or anti-TNFα therapy: a placebo-controlled phase II study""  Ann Rheum Dis 2022;81:1076-1084.[5] The American College of Rheumatology ACR score measures the efficacy of treatments for rheumatoid arthritis patients. The ACR20/50/70 measures a 20/50/70% improvement in the tenderness and swelling in designated joints and a 20/50/70% improvement in at least 3 of the 5 following measures: investigator's and patient's reported global assessment of disease scales  patient's reported pain scale  CRP level  healthy assessment questionnaire.SOURCE: ABIVAXView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/750228/Abivax-Reports-2022-Financial-Resultsand-Operations-Update",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['Abivax Reports', '2022 Financial Results', 'Operations Update', 'promising Phase 2b maintenance results', 'moderate to severe ulcerative colitis', 'Obefazimod global pivotal phase 3 program', 'Prof. Hartmut J. Ehrlich', 'new Chief Executive Officer', 'European biotech specialist investors', 'new Chief Commercial Officer', 'new Chief Medical Officer', 'Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Cash resources fund operations', 'lead product candidate obefazimod', 'EUR 130M capital increase', 'Phase 2b trials', 'subsequent global submissions', 'European Medicine Agency', 'commercial launch preparations', 'pediatric study plans', 'Marc de Garidel', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'G&A expenses', 'dilutive financial resources', 'The Lancet Gastroenterology', '2022 annual financial results', 'Net Financial Position', 'Phase 3 clinical program', 'new financial resources', 'Interim Board Chair', 'existing high-quality US', 'Total operating expenses', 'consolidated financial statements', 'oral daily treatment', 'successful financing round', 'Total operating income', 'Phase 2a', 'existing investors', 'severe UC', 'product pipeline', 'medical community', 'drug candidate', 'available cash', 'clinical trials', 'equity capital', 'new CMO', 'new CCO', 'ABTECT program', 'US Food', 'Translational Gastroenterology', 'Operating result', 'Total Equity', 'Operating loss', '2022 Financial Highlights', 'financial debts', 'successful conduct', 'clinical remission', 'early enrollment', 'two years', '50mg obefazimod', 'Drug Administration', 'novel mechanism', 'Sheldon Sloan', 'M.D.', 'M. Bioethics', 'Michael Ferguson', 'market price', 'immune system', 'audit procedures', 'certification report', 'external auditors', 'critical roles', 'rapid onset', 'long-term efficacy', 'safety profile', 'Didier Blondel', 'shareholder value', 'top priorities', 'full funding', 'due course', 'additional non-dilutive', 'Income Statement', 'administrative costs', 'Ordinary result', 'Balance Sheet', '7.4 Total Assets', 'conditional advances', 'increasing investments', 'R&D', 'Financial Items', 'fixed-term deposits', 'successful year', 'Scientific articles', 'Euronext Paris', 'great progress', 'Development costs', 'liquidity contract', 'UC patients', '1 year', 'Abivax', 'ITT-Analysis', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'agreement', 'children', 'peer-reviewed', 'journals', 'Hepatology', 'capacity', 'action', 'Appointment', 'September', 'February', 'Q2', 'FRANCE', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'ABVX', 'therapeutics', 'December', 'update', 'Directors', 'Story', 'CEO', 'eventful', 'leadership', 'completion', 'trust', 'interest', 'need', 'CFO', 'pricing', 'maximization', 'Change', 'millions', 'Euros', 'Research', 'overheads', 'Tax', 'period', 'shares', 'guarantees', '2023']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23245,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/genfit-annual-combined-general-meeting-201000264.html,GENFIT Annual Combined General Meeting of May 24  2023 — Availability of Preparatory Documents,Lille (France); Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States); Zurich (Switzerland); April 19  2023 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage...,Lille (France); Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States); Zurich (Switzerland); April 19  2023 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with severe chronic liver diseases  today announced that it published in the April 19  2023 French legal announcements bulletin n°47 (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires) its convening notice that the Combined Shareholders Meeting will be held on May 24  2023  at 10:00am (CET)  at the Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences in Lille  located at Parc Eurasanté  3 rue du Professeur Laguesse  59000 Lille  France.All documentation regarding this Shareholders’ Meeting will be available to shareholders in accordance with existing regulations  and will be available on the Company’s website  in the Financials section under the Shareholders Meeting tab (https://ir.genfit.com/financial-information/shareholders-meeting).For this 2023 Combined General Meeting  the Company will allow shareholders to send their voting instructions via Internet through the VOTACCESS platform. A tutorial to familiarize shareholders with this online voting platform will be made available in the same section of the website as soon as the platform is opened.ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and strong scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Thanks to its expertise in bringing early-stage assets with high potential to late development and pre-commercialization stages  today GENFIT boasts a growing and diversified pipeline of innovative therapeutic and diagnostic solutions.Its R&D pipeline covers six therapeutic areas via six programs which explore the potential of differentiated mechanisms of action  across a variety of development stages (pre-clinical  Phase 1  Phase 2  Phase 3). These diseases are acute on-chronic liver failure (ACLF)  hepatic encephalopathy (HE)  cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  urea cycle disorder (UCD)  organic acidemia disorder (OAD) and primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). Beyond therapeutics  GENFIT’s pipeline also includes a diagnostic franchise focused on NASH and ACLF.Story continuesGENFIT has facilities in Lille and Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). GENFIT is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  IPSEN became one of GENFIT’s largest shareholders and holds 8% of the company’s share capital. www.genfit.comFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to GENFIT  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 in relation to its R&D programs and data readout of its clinical trials. The use of certain words  including “consider”  “contemplate”  “think”  “aim”  “expect”  “understand”  “should”  “aspire”  “estimate”  “targeted”  “anticipated”  “believe”  “wish”  “may”  “could”  “allow”  “seek”  “encourage” or “have confidence” or (as the case may be) the negative forms of such terms or any other variant of such terms or other terms similar to them in meaning is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its projections are based on reasonable expectations and assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety  biomarkers  cost of  progression of  and results from  its ongoing and planned clinical trials  review and approvals by regulatory authorities in the United States  Europe and worldwide  of our drug and diagnostic candidates  exchange rate fluctuations  potential synergies related to the acquisition of Versantis  our capacity to integrate its assets  develop its programs and our continued ability to raise capital to fund our development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 “Main Risks and Uncertainties” of the Company’s 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 18  2023  under number D.23-0304 which is available on the Company’s website (www.genfit.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) including the Company’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 18  2023. In addition  even if the Company’s results  performance  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comPRESS RELATIONS | MediaStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.12,0.87,True,English,"['GENFIT Annual Combined General Meeting', 'Preparatory Documents', 'May', 'Availability', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'French legal announcements bulletin', 'high unmet medical needs', 'severe chronic liver diseases', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'U.S. Securities', 'chronic liver failure', 'severe liver diseases', 'strong scientific heritage', 'primary biliary cholangitis', '2022 Universal Registration Document', '2023 Combined General Meeting', 'organic acidemia disorder', 'exchange rate fluctuations', 'liver disease research', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'R&D pipeline', 'six therapeutic areas', 'R&D programs', 'Combined Shareholders Meeting', 'Shareholders Meeting tab', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'online voting platform', 'high potential', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'voting instructions', 'innovative therapeutic', 'six programs', 'cycle disorder', 'Exchange Commission', 'forward-looking statements', 'United States', 'convening notice', 'Pharmaceutical Sciences', 'Parc Eurasanté', 'Professeur Laguesse', 'existing regulations', 'Financials section', 'same section', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'pre-commercialization stages', 'diversified pipeline', 'diagnostic solutions', 'differentiated mechanisms', 'hepatic encephalopathy', 'diagnostic franchise', 'compartment B', 'press release', 'data readout', 'clinical trials', 'negative forms', 'other variant', 'reasonable expectations', 'numerous known', 'other things', 'regulatory authorities', 'diagnostic candidates', 'public filings', '2022 Annual Report', 'financial condition', 'largest shareholders', 'potential synergies', 'early-stage assets', 'share capital', 'unknown risks', 'Main Risks', 'late development', 'development stages', 'other terms', 'actual results', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'April', 'GENFIT', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'patients', 'May', '10:00am', 'Faculty', '3 rue', 'documentation', 'accordance', 'website', 'financial-information', 'shareholders-meeting', 'Internet', 'tutorial', 'rare', 'pioneer', 'expertise', 'growing', 'action', 'variety', 'ACLF', 'cholangiocarcinoma', 'CCA', 'UCD', 'OAD', 'PBC', 'therapeutics', 'NASH', 'facilities', 'Paris', 'USA', 'IPSEN', 'respect', 'meaning', 'relation', 'words', 'contemplate', 'think', 'understand', 'confidence', 'case', 'projections', 'assumptions', 'management', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'biomarkers', 'cost', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'Europe', 'drug', 'acquisition', 'Versantis', 'capacity', 'continued', 'ability', 'AMF', 'Chapter', 'number', 'reports', 'addition', 'performance', 'liquidity']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23246,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/heineken-holding-n-v-reports-060100026.html,Heineken Holding N.V. reports on 2023 first-quarter trading,Amsterdam  19 April 2023 – Heineken Holding N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIO; OTCQX: HKHHY) publishes its trading update for the first quarter of 2023. Key Highlights...,"HEINEKEN Holding NVAmsterdam  19 April 2023 – Heineken Holding N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIO; OTCQX: HKHHY) publishesits trading update for the first quarter of 2023.Key HighlightsRevenue growth 9.2%Net revenue (beia) organic growth 8.9%; per hectolitre 12.3%Beer volume -3.0% organic growthHeineken® volume growth 2.3% (5.7% excluding Russia)Gross merchandise value captured via eB2B platforms +51%Outlook for the full year unchanged; operating profit (beia) expected to grow organically mid- to high-single-digitHeineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than its participating interest in Heineken N.V. and the management or supervision of and provision of services to that company.Financial SummaryRevenue for the first quarter of 2023 was €7 632 million (2022: €6 989 million). Net revenue (beia) was €6 378 million and increased by 8.9% organically  with total consolidated volume declining by 3.1% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 12.3%. Price mix on a constant geographic basis increased by 12.1%  driven by pricing to offset inflation across all regions and revenue and mix management. Currency translation positively impacted net revenue (beia) by €104 million or 1.8%  mainly driven by the Mexican Peso and the Brazilian Real. Consolidation changes had a small positive impact in net revenue (beia) of €10 million.Revenue1 (in € million or %) 1Q23 Total growth Organic growth 1Q22 Revenue (IFRS) 7 632 9.2% 6 989 Net revenue (beia) 6 378 8.9% 5 753Beer volume declined 3.0% organically versus last year. The Americas region continued positive growth momentum  offset by declines in the Africa  Middle East and Eastern Europe and Asia Pacific regions driven by temporary external factors in our key markets of Vietnam and Nigeria. Volume in Europe performed ahead of our expectations for the quarter.Story continuesBeer volume (in mhl or %) 1Q23 Organic growth 1Q22 Heineken N.V. 54.8 -3.0% 56.4Premium beer volume fell by 5.7%  driven by the decline in Vietnam and stopping sales of Heineken® in Russia. Strong underlying momentum in premiumisation continued elsewhere  led by Heineken®  which grew 2.3% in volume  significantly outperforming HEINEKEN's portfolio. Heineken® grew by double-digits in more than 25 markets. Growth was mainly driven by Brazil and China  and was partially offset by the decline in Russia. Heineken® 0.0 declined by a low-single-digit  with strong growth momentum in Brazil  the USA  the UK  Spain and the Netherlands  offset by the decline in Russia. Notably  HEINEKEN's consumer-centric innovation Heineken® Silver continued its strong growth  including double-digit growth in Vietnam and China. HEINEKEN also continued the global expansion and launched Heineken® Silver in the USA  with a taste proposition specially designed for US consumers. Overall  Heineken® Silver grew by 47%.Heineken® volume (in mhl or %) 1Q23 Organic growth Heineken N.V. 12.2 2.3%Reported Net Profit of Heineken N.V.The reported net profit of Heineken N.V. for the first three months of 2023 was €403 million (2022: €417 million).OutlookHEINEKEN continues to experience the effects of a volatile global economy and remain cautious about the impact this has on consumer demand. At the same time  HEINEKEN is focused on strengthening its business in line with its EverGreen strategy  including investing behind its brands and innovations  and delivering upon its gross savings ambitions.Following the start of the year  HEINEKEN sees signals of a relatively resilient Europe and risks of slower economic growth in Asia Pacific  thus performance across markets may be different than anticipated. All in all  HEINEKEN's full year outlook remains unchanged and HEINEKEN expects operating profit (beia) to grow organically mid- to high-single-digit. HEINEKEN also expects that the growth in operating profit (beia) will come mainly  if not fully  in the second half of the year.Translational Currency Calculated ImpactBased on the impact to date  and applying spot rates of 17 April 2023 to the 2022 financial results as a baseline for the remainder of the year  the calculated negative currency translational impact for the full year of 2023 would be approximately €640 million in net revenue (beia)  €90 million at operating profit (beia) and €40 million at net profit (beia).Reconciliation of non-GAAP measuresIn the internal management reports  HEINEKEN uses the measure of net revenue (beia).Reconciliation net revenue (beia) In millions of € 1Q23 1Q22 Revenue (IFRS) 7 632 6 989 Excise tax expense (1 253) (1 236) Net revenue 6 379 5 753 Exceptional items included in net revenue (1) — Net revenue (beia) 6 378 5 753Note: due to rounding  this table will not always castEnquiriesMedia Heineken Holding N.V. Kees Jongsma tel. +31 6 54 79 82 53 E-mail: cjongsma@spj.nl Media Investors Sarah Backhouse José Federico Castillo Martinez Director of Global Communication Director of Investor Relations Michael Fuchs Mark Matthews / Chris Steyn Corporate & Financial Communication Manager Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.com E-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-20-5239355 Tel: +31-20-5239590Conference Call DetailsHEINEKEN will host an analyst and investor conference call with Harold van den Broek  Chief Financial Officer  in relation to its First Quarter 2023 Trading Update today at 14:00 CET/ 13:00 GMT. This call will also be accessible for Heineken Holding N.V. shareholders. The call will be audio cast live via the company’s website: www.theheinekencompany.com. An audio replay service will also be made available after the conference call at the above web address. Analysts and investors can dial-in using the following telephone numbers:United Kingdom (Local): 020 3936 2999Netherlands (Local): 085 888 7233USA (Local): 646 664 1960All other locations: +44 203 936 2999Participation password for all countries: 683288Editorial information:Heineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than its participating interest in Heineken N.V. and the management or supervision of and provision of services to that company.HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 85 000 employees  HEINEKEN brews the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. HEINEKEN's dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. HEINEKEN is committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. HEINEKEN operates breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on the websites: www.heinekenholding.com and www.theHEINEKENcompany.com and follow HEINEKEN on LinkedIn   Twitter and Instagram .Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Disclaimer:This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions with regard to the financial position and results of HEINEKEN’s activities  anticipated developments and other factors. All statements other than statements of historical facts are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include  but are not limited to  statements and information in HEINEKEN’s non-financial reporting  such as HEINEKEN’s emissions reduction and other climate change related matters (including actions  potential impacts and risks associated therewith). These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “could”  “estimate”  “expect”  “goals”  “intend”  “may”  “milestones”  “objectives”  “outlook”  “plan”  “probably”  “project”  “risks”  “schedule”  “seek”  “should”  “target”  “will” and similar terms and phrases. These forward-looking statements  while based on management's current expectations and assumptions  are not guarantees of future performance since they are subject to numerous assumptions  known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which may change over time  that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Many of these risks and uncertainties relate to factors that are beyond HEINEKEN’s ability to control or estimate precisely  such as but not limited to future market and economic conditions  the behaviour of other market participants  changes in consumer preferences  the ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and achieve anticipated synergies  costs of raw materials and other goods and services  interest-rate and exchange-rate fluctuations  changes in tax rates  changes in law  environmental and physical risks  change in pension costs  the actions of government regulators and weather conditions. These and other risk factors are detailed in HEINEKEN’s publicly filed annual reports. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only of the date of this press release. HEINEKEN assumes no duty to and does not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Market share estimates contained in this press release are based on outside sources  such as specialised research institutes  in combination with management estimates.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.15,0.29,True,English,"['Heineken Holding N.V.', '2023 first-quarter trading', 'Investor Relations Michael Fuchs Mark Matthews', 'Financial Communication Manager Investor Relations Manager', 'Media Heineken Holding N.V.', '1Q23 Total growth Organic growth', 'Translational Currency Calculated Impact', 'negative currency translational impact', 'Global Communication Director', '1Q23 Organic growth', 'total consolidated volume', 'HEINEKEN Holding NV', 'Gross merchandise value', 'Heineken N.V.', 'constant geographic basis', 'The Americas region', 'temporary external factors', 'gross savings ambitions', 'Excise tax expense', 'Chris Steyn Corporate', 'positive growth momentum', 'Strong underlying momentum', 'volatile global economy', 'slower economic growth', 'small positive impact', 'first three months', 'strong growth momentum', 'internal management reports', 'Premium beer volume', 'Asia Pacific regions', 'Heineken® volume growth', 'Reconciliation net revenue', 'full year outlook', '3.0% organic growth', 'Financial Summary', '2022 financial results', 'double-digit growth', 'global expansion', 'Revenue growth', 'Net Profit', 'trading update', 'first quarter', 'Key Highlights', 'operating profit', 'participating interest', 'Price mix', 'mix management', 'Mexican Peso', 'Brazilian Real', 'Consolidation changes', 'Middle East', 'consumer-centric innovation', 'Heineken® Silver', 'taste proposition', 'US consumers', 'consumer demand', 'same time', 'EverGreen strategy', 'second half', 'spot rates', 'GAAP measures', 'Exceptional items', 'Kees Jongsma', '1Q22 Revenue', 'last year', 'Eastern Europe', 'resilient Europe', 'key markets', '25 markets', 'Amsterdam', '19 April', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIO', 'OTCQX', 'HKHHY', 'hectolitre', 'Russia', 'platforms', 'beia', 'high-single-digit', 'activities', 'supervision', 'provision', 'services', 'company', 'pricing', 'inflation', 'Revenue1', 'IFRS', 'declines', 'Africa', 'Vietnam', 'Nigeria', 'expectations', 'Story', 'mhl', 'sales', 'premiumisation', 'portfolio', 'double-digits', 'China', 'low-single-digit', 'USA', 'UK', 'Spain', 'Netherlands', 'effects', 'business', 'brands', 'innovations', 'start', 'signals', 'risks', 'performance', '17 April', 'baseline', 'remainder', 'millions', 'Note', 'rounding', 'table', 'Enquiries', 'mail', 'cjongsma', '€', '753', '31']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23247,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/heineken-n-v-reports-2023-060000516.html,Heineken N.V. reports on 2023 first-quarter trading,Amsterdam  19 April 2023 – Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) publishes its trading update for the first quarter of 2023. Key Highlights Revenue...,"HEINEKEN NVAmsterdam  19 April 2023 – Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) publishes its trading update for the first quarter of 2023.Key HighlightsRevenue growth 9.2%Net revenue (beia) organic growth 8.9%; per hectolitre 12.3%Beer volume -3.0% organic growthHeineken ® volume growth 2.3% (5.7% excluding Russia)Gross merchandise value captured via eB2B platforms +51%Outlook for the full year unchanged; operating profit (beia) expected to grow organically mid- to high-single-digitCEO StatementDolf van den Brink  Chairman of the Executive Board / CEO  commented:""We start the year with strong revenue growth driven by pricing and disciplined revenue management  while we materially increase investment behind our brands. Business performance in Europe and the Americas regions is encouraging  with consumer demand holding up better than expected in the first quarter. Results in the Asia Pacific and Africa  Middle East and Eastern Europe regions were disappointing  hindered by temporary volatility in Vietnam and Nigeria  leading to demand softness.We continue to make consistent progress on EverGreen. Heineken® volume was up 5.7% excluding Russia  Heineken® Silver grew 47% and was launched in the United States. We obtained the final regulatory approval in South Africa  and we look forward to welcoming over 5 400 new colleagues of Distell and Namibian Breweries into HEINEKEN and to add more than €1 billion in net revenue and €150 million operating profit to our African footprint. Our eB2B platforms captured €2.3 billion in gross merchandise value this quarter  51% more than last year  and 6 markets have completed the transition under the brand name eazle  business made easy. HEINEKEN was included in the 2023 Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index for our commitment and progress towards a fair  inclusive and equitable workplace and world.We see the economic environment as volatile and uncertain  making us vigilant and focused. Our gross savings programme continues at force  providing fuel to invest behind our strategy. All in all  our full year expectations remain unchanged.""Story continuesDriving Superior GrowthRevenue for the first quarter of 2023 was €7 632 million (2022: €6 989 million). Net revenue (beia) was €6 378 million and increased by 8.9% organically  with total consolidated volume declining by 3.1% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 12.3%. Price mix on a constant geographic basis increased by 12.1%  driven by pricing to offset inflation across all regions and revenue and mix management. Currency translation positively impacted net revenue (beia) by €104 million or 1.8%  mainly driven by the Mexican Peso and the Brazilian Real. Consolidation changes had a small positive impact in net revenue (beia) of €10 million.Revenue1 (in € million or %) 1Q23 Total growth Organic growth 1Q22 Revenue (IFRS) 7 632 9.2% 6 989 Net revenue (beia) 6 378 8.9% 5 753Beer volume declined 3.0% organically versus last year. The Americas region continued positive growth momentum  offset by declines in the Africa  Middle East and Eastern Europe and Asia Pacific regions driven by temporary external factors in our key markets of Vietnam and Nigeria. Volume in Europe performed ahead of our expectations for the quarter.Beer volume (in mhl or %) 1Q23 Organic growth 1Q22 Heineken N.V. 54.8 -3.0% 56.4 Africa  Middle East & Eastern Europe 9.0 -8.3% 9.8 Americas 20.3 3.4% 19.7 Asia Pacific 10.3 -10.5% 11.5 Europe 15.2 -2.3% 15.5Driving premiumisation at scale  led by Heineken®Premium beer volume fell by 5.7%  driven by the decline in Vietnam and stopping sales of Heineken® in Russia. Strong underlying momentum in premiumisation continued elsewhere  led by Heineken®  which grew 2.3% in volume  significantly outperforming our portfolio. Heineken® grew by double-digits in more than 25 markets. Growth was mainly driven by Brazil and China  and was partially offset by the decline in Russia. Heineken® 0.0 declined by a low-single-digit  with strong growth momentum in Brazil  the USA  the UK  Spain and the Netherlands  offset by the decline in Russia. Notably  our consumer-centric innovation Heineken® Silver continued its strong growth  including double-digit growth in Vietnam and China. We also continued the global expansion and launched Heineken® Silver in the USA  with a taste proposition specially designed for US consumers. Overall  Heineken® Silver grew by 47%.Heineken® volume (in mhl or %) 1Q23 Organic growth Heineken N.V. 12.2 2.3% Africa  Middle East & Eastern Europe 1.3 -23.9% Americas 5.4 10.3% Asia Pacific 2.3 16.3% Europe 3.1 -4.3%Build a future-fit digital route-to-consumerOur business-to-business digital (eB2B) platforms aim to create a superior customer experience to drive demand through better service and with productivity gains. We continue to deploy these platforms at speed and in the first quarter of this year our platform solutions captured €2.3 billion in gross merchandise value  an increase of 51% versus the comparable period last year. The growth was mainly driven by Mexico  Vietnam  Brazil  the Netherlands  Nigeria and Italy. We now connect over half a million active customers  100 thousand more than in the comparable period last year. In this quarter we began migrating our eB2B platforms under a single brand name: eazle  business made easy. The transition to the new brand is now live in the UK  Italy  Ireland  France  Spain and Austria. eazle will enable better features at scale  resulting in improved customer experience and better performance  helping customers to grow their business.Regional OverviewAfrica  Middle East & Eastern EuropeNet revenue (beia) grew 3.6% organically  with total consolidated volume declining 8.6% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 13.4%. Price mix on a constant geographic basis was up 14.4% driven by strong pricing across the region to offset inflation  particularly in Ethiopia  and continued positive mix impact from premiumisation.Beer volume decreased organically by 8.3% with a significant decline in Nigeria and South Africa  only partially offset by a strong performance in Ethiopia. Premium beer volume excluding Russia declined by a low-single-digit and grew in half of our markets.In Nigeria   net revenue (beia) declined in the low-teens  with pricing only partially offsetting a total volume decline in the mid-twenties  in line with the market. The economy suffered from temporary lack of availability of local currency  caused by an immediate withdrawal of old bank note denominations  impacting consumers' ability to purchase goods. We expect the situation to improve as the validity of the old bank notes has been restored until the end of 2023 alongside the redesigned banknotes. Despite these challenges  the premium portfolio grew by a mid-single-digit  with Desperados more than doubling volume versus the same period last year.In Ethiopia   net revenue (beia) grew by more than sixty percent  led by strong pricing and volume growth. Beer volume grew in the high-teens  and we further secured our market leadership positions  led by Harar and Walia. The premium portfolio grew in the thirties  led by Bedele Special. Ethiopia continues to be a hyperinflation country.In South Africa   net revenue (beia) declined by a mid-single-digit as strong pricing and mix development was partially offset by a mid-teens total volume decline. A severe disruption at our brewery in Sedibeng due to a boiler breakdown impacted volume performance in the quarter. After a long process  on 9 March  the South African Competition Tribunal approved HEINEKEN's offer to acquire control of Distell Group Holdings Limited (Distell)  paving the way for the creation of a Southern African beverage champion. The transaction with Distell and Namibian Breweries Limited (NBL) is expected to be completed next week on 26 April. 2In Egypt   net revenue (beia) grew in the high-teens  driven by pricing. Total volume grew with a mid-single-digit  led by the growth of the non-alcoholic portfolio. Beer volume declined with a low-single-digit.We continue to make progress to transfer the ownership of our business in Russia and an application has been submitted for approval to the authorities in the Russian Federation in-line with local regulatory requirements. There is a limit to what we can say before this process is completed. If and when we have approval  we will share further details about the buyer and agreement.AmericasNet revenue (beia) grew 14.8% organically  with total consolidated volume up 3.1% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 12.0%. Price mix on a constant geographic basis was up by 13.6%  led by pricing in Brazil and Mexico and continued premiumisation of the portfolio.Beer volume increased organically by 3.4% in the quarter led by Brazil  Mexico  Panama and Ecuador. Our premium portfolio grew by a high-single-digit  led by Heineken ® in Brazil and the USA  and Amstel Ultra in Mexico.In Mexico   net revenue (beia) grew in the mid-teens  driven by pricing and volume growth. Beer volume grew by a low-single-digit. Premium beer volume increased in the low-twenties  led by Sol Mezclas  Amstel Ultra and Heineken ® Silver.In Brazil   net revenue (beia) grew in the mid-twenties  driven by pricing  premiumisation and volume growth. Beer volume grew by a high-single-digit  ahead of the market. Our premium and mainstream beer portfolio continued to outperform and grew in the mid-teens  led by Heineken ® and Amstel. The economy beer portfolio declined by a high-single-digit.In the USA  net revenue (beia) grew by a low-single-digit  driven by pricing and mix management  more than offsetting a mid-single-digit decline in volume. Heineken® depletions grew by a low-single-digit  driven by the continued momentum of Heineken® 0.0  up in the mid-teens  and the launch of Heineken® Silver.Asia PacificNet revenue (beia) declined 5.4% organically  with total consolidated volume declining 10.5% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 5.8%. Price mix on a constant geographic basis was up 4.7%  mainly driven by pricing across most markets.Beer volume declined organically by 10.5% in the quarter  impacted by the declines in Vietnam and Cambodia. Whilst the premium portfolio declined in the low-twenties driven by Vietnam  other markets contributed to an underlying mid-teens growth for the quarter.In Vietnam   net revenue (beia) declined in the low-twenties  driven by lower volume. Following the steep post-COVID recovery of the market last year  we built stock levels ahead of an early Tet in 2023  expecting this momentum to continue. This momentum was halted early 2023 due to an economic slowdown  attributed in part to the real estate and export sectors. On a sell-out basis  our brand portfolio performed broadly in line with the market. Heineken ® Silver and Tiger Crystal grew in the high-teens and by more than thirty percent  respectively.In India   net revenue (beia) grew by a high-single-digit organically  driven by volume growth and pricing. Beer volume grew by a mid-single-digit  led by Kingfisher. The premium portfolio grew in the high-teens  led by Kingfisher Ultra and Heineken ® Silver.In China   Heineken ® grew by close to fifty percent  with a strong performance of Heineken ® Original and Heineken ® Silver. Heineken ® 0.0 will be introduced in China later this year.In Cambodia   net revenue (beia) declined in the high-teens  driven by lower volume. Beer volume declined in the low-twenties  in line with the market  as the economy was off to a slow start this year. Premium beer volume grew by a low-single-digit  led by Tiger.In Malaysia   beer volume increased by a low-single-digit versus last year  led by Tiger. The premium portfolio outperformed  led by Heineken ® .In Indonesia  net revenue (beia) grew in the low-teens  driven by volume growth  pricing and premiumisation. Beer volume grew by a mid-single-digit  ahead of the market  despite poor weather in the first quarter. Heineken® grew in the mid-teens versus last year.EuropeNet revenue (beia) grew 13.5% organically  with total consolidated volume down 1.3%  performing ahead of our expectations as consumers remain resilient so far despite continued pressure from inflation across consumer goods. Net revenue (beia) per hectolitre increased by 13.9%. Price mix on a constant geographic basis was up by 13.6% driven by pricing  earlier than the industry and offsetting the continued impact of inflation  and premiumisation.Beer volume declined organically by 2.3%  with high-single-digit volume growth in the on-trade more than offset by a mid-single-digit decline in the off-trade  partially affected by a shift in promotional activity in some markets towards later in the year. Our premium portfolio was broadly flat  with continued momentum on our Next Generation brands Birra Moretti  Beavertown  Messina  El Aguila  Texels and Gallia.In the UK   net revenue (beia) grew by a mid-single-digit  driven by pricing and premiumisation. Total volume declined by a high-single-digit  mainly driven by the off-trade. On-trade volume also declined  impacted by outlet closures. Our premium portfolio grew by a high-single-digit  led by Birra Moretti and Beavertown.In France   net revenue (beia) grew by a mid-single-digit  led by pricing and premiumisation. Total volume was down by a mid-single-digit. Our premium beer portfolio performed in line with total volume.In Spain   net revenue (beia) grew in the low-twenties  driven by pricing and mid-single-digit volume growth. Our premium portfolio grew by a low-single-digit  led by El Águila.In Italy   net revenue (beia) grew in the low-twenties  with volume up by a mid-single-digit and pricing to offset inflation. The solid growth was led by Heineken ® and Messina.In Poland   net revenue (beia) grew close to twenty percent  with pricing more than offsetting a low-single-digit volume decline. Beer volume and the premium portfolio declined by a low-single-digit  outperforming the market.In the Netherlands  net revenue (beia) grew in the low-teens  with strong pricing and mix benefits from premiumisation more than offsetting a high-single-digit volume decline. Our premium portfolio was broadly flat  led by double-digit growth in Birra Moretti and Texels.Reported Net ProfitThe reported net profit for the first three months of 2023 was €403 million (2022: €417 million).Business OutlookWe continue to experience the effects of a volatile global economy and remain cautious about the impact this has on consumer demand. At the same time  we are focused on strengthening our business in line with our EverGreen strategy  including investing behind our brands and innovations  and delivering upon our gross savings ambitions.Following the start of the year  we see signals of a relatively resilient Europe and risks of slower economic growth in Asia Pacific  thus performance across markets may be different than anticipated. All in all  our full year outlook remains unchanged  and we expect operating profit (beia) to grow organically mid- to high-single-digit. We also expect that the growth in operating profit (beia) will come mainly  if not fully  in the second half of the year.Consolidation impact of Newco in South AfricaHEINEKEN expects to consolidate the businesses resulting from the transaction with Distell and NBL as of 1 May 2023. The prospectus and other useful information can be found on our dedicated webpage for the Distell and NBL transaction  including the Newco Group Ownership Structure (Page 34 of the Prospectus) and the Pro Forma of Newco (Page 162 of the Prospectus).On 27 March  the Threshold Scheme Conditions of the transaction have been fulfilled  confirming that the shareholding of HEINEKEN in Newco would be 65%. As a result  the consolidation of the newly acquired assets will imply:Adding the in-scope assets of Distell and NBLRecognising the non-controlling interests of minorities of 40.63% in NBL and 35% in NewcoRemoving the non-controlling interest of NBL in HEINEKEN South Africa (HSA) and the share of profits in associates and joint ventures from HEINEKEN's current minority position in NBL.The table below illustrates  directionally  the impact of the consolidation using the full year results of HEINEKEN for 2022 and the Pro Forma financial information of Newco Group for the 12-month period concluded in June 2022 at an exchange rate of 19.95 ZAR per Euro.Impact of the consolidation of Newco into HEINEKEN - Illustrative In millions of € HEINEKEN (beia) Consolidation impact Consolidation impact (%) Revenue 34 643 1 632 4.7% Excise tax expense (5 949) (499) Net Revenue 28 694 1 133 3.9% Total net other expenses (24 192) (971) Operating profit 4 502 161 3.6% Net interest income/(expenses) (380) (7) Other net finance income/(expenses) (63) — Share of profit of assoc./JVs 263 1 Income tax expense (1 124) (50) Non-controlling interests (363) (56) Net profit 2 836 48 1.7% Diluted EPS (in €) 4.92 0.08 1.7%The illustration above considers the following:Pro Forma figures of Newco shown in the consolidation impact are reported figures. No adjustments are made related to accounting changes in Distell or NBL to align to HEINEKEN's policies  beyond those identified in the Newco Pro FormaThe Strongbow business is included in HEINEKEN's full year results of 2022  which is committed to be disposed of by Newco. Please refer to page 159 of the Prospectus for an indication of the financial information of StrongbowAll transaction costs and adjustments from the Purchase Price Allocation in the Newco Pro Forma are considered as exceptional items and thus excluded from the consolidation impact  although it is expected that adjustments to depreciation will not be treated as exceptionalThe minority shareholding of HEINEKEN in Capevin is excluded.Translational Currency Calculated ImpactBased on the impact to date  and applying spot rates of 17 April 2023 to the 2022 financial results as a baseline for the remainder of the year  the calculated negative currency translational impact for the full year of 2023 would be approximately €640 million in net revenue (beia)  €90 million at operating profit (beia) and €40 million at net profit (beia).Reconciliation of non-GAAP measuresIn the internal management reports  HEINEKEN uses the measure of net revenue (beia).Reconciliation net revenue (beia) In millions of € 1Q23 1Q22 Revenue (IFRS) 7 632 6 989 Excise tax expense (1 253) (1 236) Net revenue 6 379 5 753 Exceptional items included in net revenue (1) — Net revenue (beia) 6 378 5 753Note: due to rounding  this table will not always castEnquiriesMedia Investors Sarah Backhouse José Federico Castillo Martinez Director of Global Communication Director of Investor Relations Michael Fuchs Mark Matthews / Chris Steyn Corporate & Financial Communication Manager Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.com E-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-20-5239355 Tel: +31-20-5239590Conference Call DetailsHEINEKEN will host an analyst and investor conference call with Harold van den Broek  Chief Financial Officer  in relation to its First Quarter 2023 Trading Update and the transaction in South Africa today at 14:00 CET/ 13:00 GMT. The call will be audio cast live via the company’s website: www.theheinekencompany.com. An audio replay service will also be made available after the conference call at the above web address. Analysts and investors can dial-in using the following telephone numbers:United Kingdom (Local): 020 3936 2999Netherlands (Local): 085 888 7233USA (Local): 646 664 1960All other locations: +44 203 936 2999Participation password for all countries: 683288Editorial information:HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 85 000 employees  we brew the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. Our dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on our Company's website and follow us on LinkedIn   Twitter and Instagram .Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Disclaimer:This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions with regard to the financial position and results of HEINEKEN’s activities  anticipated developments and other factors. All statements other than statements of historical facts are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include  but are not limited to  statements and information in HEINEKEN’s non-financial reporting  such as HEINEKEN’s emissions reduction and other climate change related matters (including actions  potential impacts and risks associated therewith). These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “could”  “estimate”  “expect”  “goals”  “intend”  “may”  “milestones”  “objectives”  “outlook”  “plan”  “probably”  “project”  “risks”  “schedule”  “seek”  “should”  “target”  “will” and similar terms and phrases. These forward-looking statements  while based on management's current expectations and assumptions  are not guarantees of future performance since they are subject to numerous assumptions  known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which may change over time  that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Many of these risks and uncertainties relate to factors that are beyond HEINEKEN’s ability to control or estimate precisely  such as but not limited to future market and economic conditions  the behaviour of other market participants  changes in consumer preferences  the ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and achieve anticipated synergies  costs of raw materials and other goods and services  interest-rate and exchange-rate fluctuations  changes in tax rates  changes in law  environmental and physical risks  change in pension costs  the actions of government regulators and weather conditions. These and other risk factors are detailed in HEINEKEN’s publicly filed annual reports. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only of the date of this press release. HEINEKEN assumes no duty to and does not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Market share estimates contained in this press release are based on outside sources  such as specialised research institutes  in combination with management estimates.1 Refer to the Glossary for an explanation of organic growth and other terms used throughout this report.2 Page 5 of this press release includes an illustration of the consolidation effects of this transaction on HEINEKEN.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.51,0.14,0.35,True,English,"['Heineken N.V.', '2023 first-quarter trading', '1Q23 Total growth Organic growth', 'Dolf van den Brink', 'business digital (eB2B) platforms', 'future-fit digital route', '1Q23 Organic growth', 'total consolidated volume', 'Gross merchandise value', 'final regulatory approval', '2023 Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'gross savings programme', 'constant geographic basis', 'small positive impact', 'superior customer experience', 'Strong underlying momentum', 'positive growth momentum', 'temporary external factors', 'strong growth momentum', 'Driving Superior Growth', '€150 million operating profit', 'Heineken N.V.', 'The Americas region', 'strong revenue growth', 'Premium beer volume', 'Asia Pacific regions', 'Heineken ® volume growth', 'full year expectations', 'Eastern Europe regions', '3.0% organic growth', 'eB2B platforms', 'double-digit growth', 'temporary volatility', 'Business performance', 'trading update', 'Key Highlights', 'Executive Board', 'Americas regions', 'Middle East', 'United States', '5,400 new colleagues', 'Namibian Breweries', 'African footprint', 'brand name', 'fair, inclusive', 'equitable workplace', 'economic environment', 'Price mix', 'mix management', 'Currency translation', 'Mexican Peso', 'Brazilian Real', 'Consolidation changes', 'Driving premiumisation', 'consumer-centric innovation', 'global expansion', 'taste proposition', 'US consumers', 'productivity gains', 'platform solutions', 'comparable period', 'Heineken® volume', 'Net revenue', 'revenue management', '1Q22 Revenue', 'HEINEKEN NV', 'Heineken® Silver', 'last year', 'first quarter', 'CEO Statement', 'consistent progress', 'key markets', 'South Africa', 'consumer demand', '8 Americas', '6 markets', '25 markets', 'Amsterdam', '19 April', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIA', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', 'hectolitre', 'Russia', 'Outlook', 'beia', 'high-single-digit', 'Chairman', 'pricing', 'investment', 'brands', 'Results', 'Vietnam', 'Nigeria', 'softness', 'EverGreen', 'Distell', 'transition', 'commitment', 'world', 'force', 'fuel', 'strategy', 'Story', 'inflation', 'Revenue1', 'IFRS', 'declines', 'mhl', 'scale', 'sales', 'portfolio', 'double-digits', 'China', 'low-single-digit', 'USA', 'UK', 'Spain', 'Netherlands', 'service', 'speed', 'increase', 'Mexico']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23248,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-first-quarter-2023-results-053600587.html,Notice of First Quarter 2023 Results,"Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) confirms it will announce first quarter 2023 financial results for the month...","LEIDEN  Netherlands  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) confirms it will announce first quarter 2023 financial results for the month ended March 31  2023 on Thursday  May 11  2023.harming_Group_LogoPharming will host a presentation for analysts and investors at 13:30 CET/08:30 ET on May 11  2023.Dial in details for the presentation are detailed below.Webcast Link:https://webcast.openbriefing.com/pharming1q23/Conference Call Dial-in Details:Netherlands: +31 85 888 7233United Kingdom (Local): +44 20 3936 2999United Kingdom (Toll-Free): +44 808 189 0158United States (Local): +1 646 664 1960United States (Toll-Free): +1 855 979 6654Global Dial-In NumbersAccess Code: 598957About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27 E: pharming@lifespring.nlStory continuesLogo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2003587/Pharming_Group_Logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-of-first-quarter-2023-results-301801417.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['First Quarter 2023 Results', 'Notice', 'Global Dial-In Numbers Access Code', 'first quarter 2023 financial results', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Corporate Communications T', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'Leon Melens T', 'protein replacement therapies', 'VP Investor Relations', 'gene therapies', 'Webcast Link', 'Conference Call', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Michael Levitan', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'Amy Byrne', 'original content', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'public information', 'The Netherlands', 'LEIDEN', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Nasdaq', 'month', 'March', 'Thursday', 'May', 'presentation', 'analysts', 'investors', '13:30 CET', 'details', 'Local', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'London', 'UK', 'Story', 'Logo', 'news-releases', 'first-quarter-2023-results']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23249,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lytix-biopharma-appoints-chairman-board-062400998.html,Lytix Biopharma appoints new Chairman of the Board,"Lytix Biopharma AS (""Lytix"") (Euronext Growth Oslo: LYTIX)  a clinical stage immuno-oncology company  announces the election of a new Chairman of the Board...","OSLO  Norway  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Lytix Biopharma AS (""Lytix"") (Euronext Growth Oslo: LYTIX)  a clinical stage immuno-oncology company  announces the election of a new Chairman of the Board at today's General Assembly. The new Chairman is Dr Marie Roskrow  a senior executive with international experience in both lifesciences and investment banking.Dr Roskrow holds a medical degree and a PhD in Immunology and serves currently as the Chairman of a number of international biotechnology companies.""I'm very excited that Marie Roskrow is joining Lytix as the new Chairman of our board. Marie has a very strong and relevant background within immune oncology and the finance sector  and I look forward to collaborating with her on further development and commercialization of our core technology and drug candidates "" says Øystein Rekdal  CEO of Lytix Biopharma. ""I would like to take the opportunity to thank Gert W. Munthe for his strong support and active contribution to our board  both as Chairman and a board member over several years "" Rekdal adds.In addition to high level clinical and research positions  Dr. Roskrow has extensive experience as an investment banker  CEO and Chairman in both private and listed companies  such as the GSF Research Institute (Munich)  Patrys Ltd (Melbourne)  Imevax (Munich) and Lazard Healthcare Investment Banker (New York  San Francisco  Sydney). She has also participated in dozens of public and private biotechnology and pharmaceutical merger and acquisition deals  company financings and product in/out-licensing deals.""I find Lytix Biopharma's technology very unique and promising and look forward very much to using my expertise to help bring the company to a commercial success "" says Dr. Roskrow  as the new Chairman of the Board in Lytix Biopharma.Lytix' Board of Directors now consist of:Marie Ann Roskrow (Chairman);Brynjar Forbergskog;Marie-Louise Fjällskog;Kjetil Hestdal;Evelina Vågesjö; andJayson Rieger.Story continuesFor more information  please contact:Gjest Breistein  CFO: gjest.breistein@lytixbiopharma.comOle Peter Nordby  Head of IR & Communication Manager: ole.peter.nordby@lytixbiopharma.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lytix-biopharma-appoints-new-chairman-of-the-board-301801506.htmlSOURCE Lytix Biopharma AS",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.77,0.17,0.07,True,English,"['Lytix Biopharma', 'new Chairman', 'Board', 'clinical stage immuno-oncology company', 'Lazard Healthcare Investment Banker', 'high level clinical', 'Gert W. Munthe', 'Marie-Louise Fjällskog', 'Evelina Vågesjö', 'GSF Research Institute', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Marie Ann Roskrow', 'international biotechnology companies', 'Lytix Biopharma AS', 'Ole Peter Nordby', 'Dr Marie Roskrow', 'investment banking', 'Dr Roskrow', 'Dr. Roskrow', 'international experience', 'research positions', 'listed companies', 'company financings', 'General Assembly', 'senior executive', 'medical degree', 'relevant background', 'immune oncology', 'finance sector', 'drug candidates', 'active contribution', 'several years', 'extensive experience', 'Patrys Ltd', 'San Francisco', 'private biotechnology', 'pharmaceutical merger', 'acquisition deals', 'licensing deals', 'commercial success', 'Brynjar Forbergskog', 'Kjetil Hestdal', 'Jayson Rieger', 'Gjest Breistein', 'gjest.breistein', 'Communication Manager', 'original content', 'New York', 'core technology', 'Øystein Rekdal', 'strong support', 'board member', 'new Chairman', ""Lytix' Board"", 'Norway', 'April', 'election', 'today', 'lifesciences', 'PhD', 'Immunology', 'number', 'development', 'commercialization', 'CEO', 'opportunity', 'addition', 'Munich', 'Melbourne', 'Imevax', 'Sydney', 'dozens', 'public', 'product', 'expertise', 'Directors', 'Story', 'information', 'CFO', 'Head', 'Cision', 'lytix-biopharma', 'SOURCE']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23250,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/teleperformance-signs-agreement-unions-colombia-160600157.html,Teleperformance signs agreement with unions in Colombia,Teleperformance  a global leader in digital business services  today finalized an agreement re-affirming its shared commitments to workers' rights in...,"NEW YORK  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Teleperformance  a global leader in digital business services  today finalized an agreement re-affirming its shared commitments to workers' rights in Colombia.Teleperformance logoThe agreement  signed with Ultraclaro and UNI Global Union  reinforces Teleperformance's commitment to being a Force of Good in creating jobs in Colombia while fostering democratic labor relations with its employees.To read more about the agreement  click here.Teleperformance thanks the Colombian Ministry of Labour for working closely with the Group to reach this mutually beneficial agreement.ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUPTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  a global leader in digital business services  serves as a strategic partner to the world's largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. More than 410 000 employees  based in 91 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 300 languages and 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the ""Simpler  Faster  Safer"" process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry's highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2022  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 154 million (US$8.6 billion  based on €1 = $1.05) and net profit of €645 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.Story continuesFor more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformanceCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/teleperformance-signs-agreement-with-unions-in-colombia-301802078.htmlSOURCE Teleperformance",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Teleperformance', 'agreement', 'unions', 'Colombia', 'unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach', 'One Office support services model', 'reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'Corporate Social Responsibility excellence', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'S&P Europe', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'Euronext Paris market', 'digital business services', 'UNI Global Union', 'democratic labor relations', 'successful customer interaction', 'optimized business processes', 'deferred settlement service', 'digital solutions', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'global leader', 'NEW YORK', 'shared commitments', ""workers' rights"", 'Colombian Ministry', 'strategic partner', 'largest companies', 'many industries', 'Safer"" process', 'highest security', 'quality standards', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'original content', 'TEP FP', 'Teleperformance logo', 'Teleperformance shares', 'SOURCE Teleperformance', 'beneficial agreement', 'TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Ultraclaro', 'Force', 'jobs', 'employees', 'Labour', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'end', 'More', '91 countries', 'billions', 'connections', '300 languages', '170 markets', 'Simpler', 'mission', 'use', 'compliance', 'industry', 'area', 'September', 'Story', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'unions']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23251,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/natalie-knight-join-stellantis-chief-170500196.html,Natalie Knight to Join Stellantis as Chief Financial Officer,Natalie Knight to Join Stellantis as Chief Financial Officer AMSTERDAM  April 19  2023 - Stellantis N.V. is pleased to announce that Natalie Knight will join...,STELLANTIS N.VNatalie Knight to Join Stellantis as Chief Financial OfficerAMSTERDAM  April 19  2023 - Stellantis N.V. is pleased to announce that Natalie Knight will join the Company as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  replacing Richard Palmer  on July 10  2023  at the latest. Natalie Knight currently serves as Chief Financial Offer at Ahold Delhaize  a leading global food retailer headquartered in the Netherlands.Prior to joining Ahold Delhaize in early 2020  Natalie Knight was the CFO at Arla Foods in Denmark  and held several senior finance positions during her 17 years at adidas AG in Germany and the U.S.  after Investor Relations roles at BASF and Bankgesellschaft Berlin. Natalie Knight graduated from the University of Arizona in the U.S. and Freie Universität in Berlin  Germany  followed by executive leadership programs at INSEAD in France and St. Gallen University in Switzerland.“I’m delighted to have Natalie join Stellantis. She has worked across several industries in both the U.S. and Europe ” said Carlos Tavares  Stellantis CEO. “With her experience and demonstrated business transformation leadership  including a clear ESG focus  she is exactly the right leader to continue accelerating Stellantis’ Dare Forward 2030 strategy. I’m convinced that she will play a strategic role in setting the new impetus and unleashing the great potential of Stellantis’ value.”Natalie Knight will be based in the Auburn Hills  Michigan office with extensive travel to Europe and the other regions.Richard Palmer  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  plans to leave Stellantis on June 30  2023  to ensure a smooth handover  after a distinguished 20-year career with the Company.“On behalf of all Stellantis employees and our Board of Directors  I want to extend our gratitude to Richard ” said Carlos Tavares. “Carrying over from Richard’s successful history with FCA  he has significantly contributed to the success of the merger to form Stellantis and to its integration over the past two years. We wish Richard the very best for the future and in any new challenges that await him.”Story continues# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@StellantisStellantisStellantisStellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['Chief Financial Officer', 'Natalie Knight', 'Stellantis', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'leading global food retailer', 'several senior finance positions', 'Stellantis’ Dare Forward 2030 strategy', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Executive Vice President', 'Chief Financial Offer', 'Investor Relations roles', 'Freie Universität', 'executive leadership programs', 'business transformation leadership', 'clear ESG focus', 'Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis', 'St. Gallen University', 'past two years', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'STELLANTIS N.V', 'mobility provider', 'several industries', 'leading automakers', 'Citroën', 'Stellantis CEO', 'Stellantis employees', 'Ahold Delhaize', 'Arla Foods', 'adidas AG', 'U.S.', 'Carlos Tavares', 'right leader', 'strategic role', 'new impetus', 'great potential', 'Auburn Hills', 'Michigan office', 'extensive travel', 'other regions', 'smooth handover', '20-year career', 'successful history', 'new challenges', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'Natalie Knight', 'Stellantis’ value', 'Bankgesellschaft Berlin', 'Richard Palmer', 'Nathalie ROUSSEL', '17 years', 'AMSTERDAM', 'April', 'July', 'Netherlands', 'CFO', 'Denmark', 'Germany', 'BASF', 'Arizona', 'INSEAD', 'France', 'Switzerland', 'Europe', 'experience', 'June', 'behalf', 'Board', 'Directors', 'gratitude', 'FCA', 'merger', 'integration', 'future', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'fernao', 'Attachment']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23252,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/forfarmers-convenes-extraordinary-general-meeting-160000735.html,ForFarmers convenes Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 5 June  2023,Lochem  19 April 2023 ForFarmers convenes Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 5 June  2023 ForFarmers N.V. announces that an Extraordinary...,ForFarmers N.V.Lochem  19 April 2023ForFarmers convenes Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 5 June  2023ForFarmers N.V. announces that an Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders will be held on Monday 5 June  2023  starting at 11.00 am (CET) at the offices of ForFarmers N.V.  Kwinkweerd 12  7241 CW (Twentezaal) in relation to the appointment of Rob Kiers as member of the Executive Board (COO). The convocation announcement and the agenda and explanatory notes to the agenda are available via the corporate website of ForFarmers ( www.forfarmersgroup.eu/en ) under Investors/General Meeting of Shareholders.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Notes to editor:For more information please contact:Caroline Vogelzang  Director Investor Relations  M: +31 6 10 94 91 61E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euCompany profileForFarmers N.V. (Lochem  the Netherlands) is an international organisation that provides complete and innovative feed solutions for conventional and organic livestock farming. With its “For the Future of Farming” mission  ForFarmers is committed to the continuity of farming and to further increasing the sustainability of the agricultural sector.With annual sales of around 9 million tons of animal feed  ForFarmers is a prominent player in Europe. The company is active in the Netherlands  Germany  Belgium  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has approximately 2 500 employees. In 2022  the turnover amounted to approximately €3.3 billion.ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.  P.O. Box 91  7240 AB Lochem  T: +31 (0)573 28 88 00info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.eu,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'ForFarmers', 'Shareholders', '5 June', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'ForFarmers N.V. Lochem', 'Director Investor Relations', 'P.O. Box', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'innovative feed solutions', 'organic livestock farming', 'Investors/General Meeting', 'animal feed', '7240 AB Lochem', 'Rob Kiers', 'Executive Board', 'convocation announcement', 'corporate website', 'press release', 'international organisation', 'agricultural sector', 'annual sales', '9 million tons', 'prominent player', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Monday 5 June', 'explanatory notes', 'Company profile', 'inside information', 'Caroline Vogelzang', '19 April', 'Shareholders', 'offices', 'Kwinkweerd', '7241 CW', 'Twentezaal', 'appointment', 'member', 'COO', 'agenda', 'meaning', 'Article', 'editor', 'Netherlands', 'complete', 'conventional', 'Future', 'mission', 'continuity', 'sustainability', 'Europe', 'Germany', 'Belgium', 'Poland', '2,500 employees', 'turnover', '11.00', '31']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23253,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cgg-announces-q1-financial-results-053000251.html,CGG Announces its Q1 Financial Results on Wednesday May 3rd  2023 after Markets Close,PARIS  France April 19th  2023 First Quarter 2023 financial results and conference call CGG will announce its first quarter 2023 financial results and host a...,CGGPARIS  France April 19th  2023First Quarter 2023 financial results and conference callCGG will announce its first quarter 2023 financial results and host a question & answer session on Wednesday May 3rd  2023 after the close of the markets.The press release and the presentation will be made available on our website www.cgg.com at 5:45 pm (CET).An English language analysts conference call is scheduled the same day at 6.30 pm (CET).Participants should register for the call here to receive a dial-in number and code or participate in the live webcast from here.A replay of the conference call will be made available the day after for a period of 12 months in audio format on the Company's website www.cgg.com.About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 300 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Q1 Financial Results', 'CGG', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'Markets', 'An English language analysts conference call', 'First Quarter 2023 financial results', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'answer session', 'Wednesday May', 'press release', 'same day', 'live webcast', 'audio format', 'global technology', 'HPC leader', 'Earth science', 'data science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'Christophe Barnini', 'CGG', 'France', 'question', 'close', 'markets', 'presentation', 'website', 'CET', 'Participants', 'number', 'code', 'replay', 'period', '12 months', 'Company', 'products', 'services', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'clients', 'environmental', '3,300 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '5:45', '6.30']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23254,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/teleperformance-operations-brazil-recognized-frost-123000373.html,Teleperformance Operations in Brazil Recognized by Frost & Sullivan for Delivering Outstanding Customer Support  Modern Business Optimization  and Transformation Strategies,Frost & Sullivan recently researched the customer experience outsourcing services industry and  based on its findings  recognizes Teleperformance with the...,"Teleperformance operations in Brazil relies on its unique technology and deep industry expertise to fill sector gaps and address customer requirements.SAN ANTONIO  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Frost & Sullivan recently researched the customer experience outsourcing services industry and  based on its findings  recognizes Teleperformance with the 2023 Brazilian Customer Value Leadership Award. Teleperformance operations in Brazil provides digitally integrated business services and is widely recognized for its high customer support and satisfaction standards based on its customer-centric approach.Teleperformance Award LogoTeleperformance operations in Brazil supports companies with high-tech tools  friendly human understanding and empathy  customized products  ongoing innovation  proprietary technology solutions  and strong leadership. The company has earned an unrivaled reputation for delivering business transformation and innovation over the past few years  creating real value for its customers. The Brazil operations offers the sector's most comprehensive service portfolio  including a comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including Trust and Safety Services that help defend both online users and brand reputation. In addition  as data security is of upmost importance for the industry  Teleperformance has invested in the highest standards tools and processes to guarantee the safety and data privacy of their clients. This forward-thinking business approach makes Teleperformance in Brazil a company that outperforms its competitors  evolves with the needs and trends of the sector  and capitalizes on new growth opportunities.""The 28 000+ employees at Teleperformance's Brazil operations represent more than 20 nationalities. Combining its diverse and experienced teams with reliable and flexible technological solutions  the company modifies and optimizes processes to deliver exceptional customer care and superior client outcomes "" noted Riana Barnard  Best Practices Research Analyst at Frost & Sullivan.Story continuesTeleperformance systematically employs cutting-edge technological solutions  such as big data analytics and AI  to identify outstanding talents that match the company's corporate culture and guarantee the highest level of customer care. This improved recruitment process makes Teleperformance operations in Brazil highly effective for customers.The company adopted the metaverse for internal training to sustain its high-efficiency standards and extensive employee reach. By integrating this groundbreaking and immersive training solution  trainers and trainees engage actively with each other in a virtual classroom  which significantly simplifies the learning process. It is no surprise that Teleperformance is such a disruptive company in Latin America and the Caribbean and is recognized as one of the World's Best Workplaces.""Teleperformance pioneered internal training in the metaverse to maintain its high-efficiency levels and reach the most significant number of employees. With this innovative and immersive solution  the coach and trainees can interact dynamically in a virtual classroom to ensure high content absorption. Along with improved delivery quality while covering the same content  this approach reduces training time by 20% to 35% "" said Sebastian Menutti  Industry Principal  ICT-CX at Frost & Sullivan.Each year  Frost & Sullivan presents this award to the company that demonstrates excellence in implementing strategies that proactively create value for its customers  focusing on improving the return on the investment that customers make in its services or products. The award recognizes the unique focus of Teleperformance's Brazil operations on augmenting its customers' value beyond good customer service  leading to improved customer retention and customer base expansion.Frost & Sullivan Best Practices awards recognize companies in various regional and global sectors for demonstrating outstanding achievement and superior performance in leadership  technological innovation  customer service  and strategic product development. Industry analysts compare sector participants and measure performance through in-depth interviews  analyses  and extensive secondary research to identify best practices in the industry.About Frost & SullivanFor six decades  Frost & Sullivan has been world-renowned for helping investors  corporate leaders  and governments navigate economic changes and identify disruptive technologies  Mega Trends  new business models  and companies to action  resulting in a continuous flow of growth opportunities to drive future success. Contact us: Start the discussion .Contact:Ashley WeinkaufP: 210-844-2505E: ashley.weinkauf@frost.comAbout TeleperformanceTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  a global leader in outsourced digital integrated business services  serves as a strategic partner to the world's largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. More than 410 000 employees  based in 91 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 300 languages and 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the ""Simpler  Faster  Safer"" process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry's highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2022  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 154 million (US$8.6 billion  based on €1 = $1.05) and net profit of €645 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformance.CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/teleperformance-operations-in-brazil-recognized-by-frost--sullivan-for-delivering-outstanding-customer-support-modern-business-optimization-and-transformation-strategies-301800894.htmlSOURCE Frost & Sullivan",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.51,0.3,0.2,True,English,"['Outstanding Customer Support', 'Modern Business Optimization', 'Teleperformance Operations', 'Transformation Strategies', 'Brazil', 'Frost', 'Sullivan', '2023 Brazilian Customer Value Leadership Award', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio', 'Best Practices Research Analyst', 'digital integrated business services', 'comprehensive service portfolio', 'extensive secondary research', 'friendly human understanding', 'extensive employee reach', 'new business models', 'One Office suppo', 'Best Practices awards', 'high customer support', 'good customer service', 'customer base expansion', 'flexible technological solutions', 'cutting-edge technological solutions', 'proprietary technology solutions', 'superior client outcomes', 'high content absorption', 'strategic product development', 'front-office customer care', 'exceptional customer care', 'big data analytics', 'forward-thinking business approach', 'new growth opportunities', 'deep industry expertise', 'highest standards tools', 'immersive training solution', 'Teleperformance Award Logo', 'The Brazil operations', 'business transformation', 'immersive solution', 'Best Workplaces', 'customer requirements', 'customer experience', 'customer retention', 'strong leadership', 'unique technology', 'high-tech tools', 'real value', 'highest level', 'same content', 'strategic partner', 'satisfaction standards', 'data security', 'data privacy', 'high-efficiency standards', 'technological innovation', 'internal training', 'training time', 'services industry', 'SAN ANTONIO', 'customer-centric approach', 'unrivaled reputation', 'back-office functions', 'online users', 'brand reputation', 'upmost importance', 'experienced teams', 'Riana Barnard', 'outstanding talents', 'corporate culture', 'recruitment process', 'virtual classroom', 'learning process', 'Latin America', 'high-efficiency levels', 'significant number', 'delivery quality', 'Sebastian Menutti', 'unique focus', 'various regional', 'global sectors', 'outstanding achievement', 'superior performance', 'depth interviews', 'six decades', 'corporate leaders', 'economic changes', 'disruptive technologies', 'continuous flow', 'future success', 'Ashley Weinkauf', 'global leader', 'many industries', 'Safety Services', 'Industry Principal', 'Industry analysts', ""customers' value"", 'ongoing innovation', 'sector gaps', 'customized products', '28,000+ employees', 'sector participants', 'Mega Trends', 'TEP FP', 'Teleperformance operations', 'largest companies', 'disruptive company', 'Frost & Sullivan', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'findings', 'empathy', 'past', 'years', 'Trust', 'addition', 'processes', 'clients', 'competitors', 'needs', '20 nationalities', 'diverse', 'reliable', 'Story', 'metaverse', 'groundbreaking', 'trainers', 'trainees', 'surprise', 'Caribbean', 'World', 'innovative', 'coach', 'ICT-CX', 'excellence', 'strategies', 'return', 'investment', 'analyses', 'investors', 'governments', 'discussion', 'Contact', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23255,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/scatec-asa-ex-dividend-nok-060000687.html,Scatec ASA - Ex. dividend NOK 1.94 today,Issuer: Scatec ASA Ex. date: 19 April 2023 Dividend amount: 1.94 per share Announced currency: NOK Payment date: 11 May 2023 This information is published in...,ReleaseIssuer: Scatec ASAEx. date: 19 April 2023Dividend amount: 1.94 per shareAnnounced currency: NOKPayment date: 11 May 2023This information is published in accordance with the requirements of the Euronext Issuer Rules.For further information  please contact:Andreas Austrell  VP Investor Relations  ir@scatec.comAbout ScatecScatec is a leading renewable energy solutions provider  accelerating access to reliable and affordable clean energy emerging markets. As a long-term player  we develop  build  own  and operate renewable energy plants  with 4.6 GW in operation and under construction across four continents today. We are committed to grow our renewable energy capacity  delivered by our close to 800 passionate employees and partners who are driven by a common vision of ‘Improving our Future’. Scatec is headquartered in Oslo  Norway and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol ‘SCATC’. To learn more  visit www.scatec.com or connect with us on LinkedIn .This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Scatec ASA', 'Ex. dividend', 'affordable clean energy emerging markets', 'leading renewable energy solutions provider', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'renewable energy plants', 'renewable energy capacity', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Euronext Issuer Rules', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Release Issuer', 'Ex. date', 'Dividend amount', 'Payment date', 'Andreas Austrell', 'long-term player', 'four continents', 'close to', '800 passionate employees', 'common vision', 'ticker symbol', 'disclosure requirements', 'Scatec ASA', '19 April', 'share', 'currency', 'NOK', '11 May', 'information', 'accordance', 'access', 'reliable', '4.6 GW', 'operation', 'construction', 'partners', 'Future', 'Norway', 'SCATC', 'LinkedIn', 'Section']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23256,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-delivery-shares-193000901.html,DSM - delivery of shares,Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  DSM and DSM-Firmenich are required to announce transactions in relation to the ordinary shares...,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (DSM) in connection with the voluntary public exchange offer by DSM Firmenich AG (DSM-Firmenich) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the share capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer)  pursuant to Section 13  paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft (the Decree). The Exchange Offer is not being made  and the DSM ordinary shares will not be accepted for purchase from or on behalf of any holder of DSM ordinary shares  in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Exchange Offer or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws or regulations of such jurisdiction or would require any registration  approval or filing with any regulatory authority not expressly contemplated by the terms of the offering circular in relation to the Exchange Offer dated 22 November 2022 (the Offering Circular).HEERLEN  Netherlands  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  DSM and DSM-Firmenich are required to announce transactions in relation to the ordinary shares in their respective share capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules.DSM Logo.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM will deliver 7 796 DSM-Firmenich ordinary shares to employees in view of transactions that occurred on 19 April 2023  being: (i) settlement of the vesting of 386 share units that have been granted subject to the respective DSM Incentive Plan and (ii) settlement of the exercise of 7 410 stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price € 55.03).DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Story continuesOr find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations DSM Investor Relations Gareth Mead Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email media.contacts@dsm.com email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301802268.html,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.25,0.36,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Investor Relations Gareth Mead Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'voluntary public exchange offer', 'DSM Media Relations', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'openbare biedingen Wft', 'English language version', 'respective share capital', 'future (financial) performance', 'The Exchange Offer', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'DSM Firmenich AG', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', 'DSM ordinary shares', '7,796 DSM-Firmenich ordinary shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', '386 share units', 'Royal DSM', 'press release', 'other laws', 'regulatory authority', 'offering circular', '7,410 stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'original content', 'DSM Logo', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'connection', 'Section', 'paragraphs', 'purchase', 'behalf', 'holder', 'jurisdiction', 'making', 'acceptance', 'compliance', 'securities', 'regulations', 'registration', 'approval', 'filing', 'terms', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'commitments', 'employees', 'view', 'settlement', 'vesting', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'customers', 'society', 'Story', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Cision', 'prnewswire', 'news-releases', 'delivery']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23257,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ion-owned-list-upgrades-fasttrade-060000386.html,ION-owned LIST upgrades FastTrade solution  successfully migrates clients onto Euronext's Optiq trading platform,LIST  an ION company  has successfully updated its award-winning market making and trading FastTrade solution  facilitating the migration of Borsa Italiana...,"MILAN  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- LIST  an ION company  has successfully updated its award-winning market making and trading FastTrade solution  facilitating the migration of Borsa Italiana trading clients onto Euronext's Optiq technology trading platform.The client migration follows Euronext's acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Cash and Derivatives markets exchange in April 2021. Euronext  the pan-European stock exchange and market infrastructure  is replacing the Borsa Italiana exchange's previous Millennium technology with its cutting-edge Optiq trading platform.LIST's upgraded FastTrade solution is fully customizable and offers advanced trading functionalities specific to Euronext's Optiq technology trading platform. This includes order collection (OMS) smart order routing  execution algos (for equity and fixed income)  risk management  quoting  and pricing.To ensure clients migrated successfully  LIST activated new data centers  communication lines  and software versions to support changes in market models and workflows. These initiatives demonstrate LIST's commitment to providing the best possible solutions for Italian financial markets and reaffirm its position as a trusted technology partner. The migration gives Italian trading clients access to a rich international investor base  and an enhanced range of products and services.""With LIST technology processing over 65% of equity order flows from Italian market members daily  it was crucial that our FastTrade upgrade and deployment enabled a seamless transition to Euronext's Optiq platform. This required a huge amount of development and included a major software release "" says Vito Mangiaracina  Chief Technology Officer at LIST. ""Thanks to the dedication  professionalism  and teamwork across LIST  we achieved our goal of migrating our clients  and the trading and surveillance product lines.""""The migration to Optiq presented multiple challenges  including change in the technology stack and new hosting infrastructure "" adds Flavio Mazzarotto  Chief Services Officer at LIST. ""We developed this carefully alongside our clients  from detailing the migration roadmap to supporting them during preliminary test phases. Our efforts paid off on migration day; our clients went live on the new system with zero impact on activity on other markets.""Story continuesAbout IONION provides mission-critical trading and workflow automation software  high-value analytics and insights  and strategic consulting to financial institutions  central banks  governments  and corporates. Our solutions and services simplify complex processes  boost efficiency  and enable better decision-making. We build long-term partnerships with our clients  helping transform their business for sustained success through continuous innovation. For more information  visit https://iongroup.com/.About ION MarketsION Markets provides transformative technology and solutions to financial institutions dealing in equities  fixed income  foreign exchange  cleared derivatives  asset management  and secured funding. Our award-winning end-to-end solutions simplify clients' operations by automating the full trade lifecycle  providing tools to manage risk  and maximizing access to liquidity  while giving real-time access to critical information for timely operational decisions and execution on a global scale. For more information  visit https://iongroup.com/markets/.About LISTAn ION company  LIST is a leading financial technology provider to the global trading community  including trading venues  market makers  brokers  asset managers  risk managers  and compliance officers. LIST's innovative turnkey products and delivery  driven by customers' needs  together with a skilled  and determined young team play a key role in supporting successful business growth in today's volatile times. Continuous innovation and client partnerships around the globe have built trust and reliance on LIST's unique real-time and data analytics capabilities.All product and company names herein may be trademarks of their registered owners.CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ion-owned-list-upgrades-fasttrade-solution-successfully-migrates-clients-onto-euronexts-optiq-trading-platform-301800609.htmlSOURCE ION",neutral,0.33,0.67,0.0,positive,0.75,0.25,0.0,True,English,"['Optiq trading platform', 'FastTrade solution', 'clients', 'Euronext', 'rich international investor base', 'leading financial technology provider', 'cutting-edge Optiq trading platform', 'Optiq technology trading platform', 'Borsa Italiana trading clients', 'Borsa Italiana Cash', 'Borsa Italiana exchange', 'previous Millennium technology', 'trusted technology partner', 'Chief Technology Officer', 'preliminary test phases', 'full trade lifecycle', 'timely operational decisions', 'determined young team', 'advanced trading functionalities', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'smart order routing', 'new data centers', 'major software release', 'workflow automation software', 'data analytics capabilities', 'global trading community', 'Italian market members', 'new hosting infrastructure', 'innovative turnkey products', 'successful business growth', 'best possible solutions', 'Chief Services Officer', 'equity order flows', 'Italian financial markets', 'surveillance product lines', 'Italian trading clients', 'Derivatives markets exchange', 'Optiq platform', 'technology stack', 'transformative technology', 'mission-critical trading', 'trading venues', 'financial institutions', 'foreign exchange', 'market infrastructure', 'order collection', 'software versions', 'new system', 'communication lines', 'high-value analytics', 'global scale', 'market making', 'market models', 'market makers', 'LIST technology', 'fixed income', 'enhanced range', 'FastTrade upgrade', 'seamless transition', 'huge amount', 'Vito Mangiaracina', 'multiple challenges', 'Flavio Mazzarotto', 'zero impact', 'strategic consulting', 'central banks', 'complex processes', 'long-term partnerships', 'sustained success', 'continuous innovation', 'asset management', 'asset managers', 'compliance officers', ""customers' needs"", 'key role', 'volatile times', 'client partnerships', 'unique real-time', 'registered owners', 'original content', 'SOURCE ION', 'other markets', 'end solutions', 'FastTrade solution', 'risk management', ""clients' operations"", 'risk managers', 'client migration', 'execution algos', 'migration roadmap', 'migration day', 'real-time access', 'critical information', 'company names', 'LIST.', 'MILAN', 'April', 'award-winning', 'Euronext', 'acquisition', 'OMS', 'pricing', 'changes', 'workflows', 'initiatives', 'commitment', 'position', 'deployment', 'development', 'dedication', 'professionalism', 'teamwork', 'goal', 'efforts', 'activity', 'Story', 'insights', 'governments', 'corporates', 'efficiency', 'decision-making', 'equities', 'secured', 'funding', 'tools', 'liquidity', 'iongroup', 'brokers', 'delivery', 'today', 'globe', 'reliance', 'trademarks', 'owned', 'upgrades', 'optiq-trading-platform']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23258,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cr-dit-agricole-worldline-enter-053000512.html,Crédit Agricole and Worldline enter into exclusive discussions to create a major player in merchant services in France,Crédit Agricole and Worldlineenter into exclusive discussions to create a major playerin merchant services in France A unique alliance to create a major...,WORLDLINE SACrédit Agricole and Worldlineenter into exclusive discussions to create a major playerin merchant services in FranceA unique alliance to create a major payments playerin the largest Continental Europe payment market ofc.€ 700 billion Merchant Sales Value (“MSV”)Strategic long-term partnershipbetween the leading French retail banking Credit Agricole Group and WorldlineContemplated creation of a joint company fully operational by 2025 combiningCrédit Agricole’s merchant acquiring footprint  French market intimacy and distribution power with Worldline’s leading innovation  technologyand global infrastructureParis  La Défense  April 19  2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  and Crédit Agricole SA [Euronext: ACA]  announced today the signing of a non-binding exclusive agreement regarding a strategic partnership to create a major player in the French payment market.Gilles Grapinet  CEO of Worldline  said: “The contemplated strategic alliance we announce today between Worldline and Crédit Agricole is a landmark transaction for the Group. I am very proud that Worldline has been selected by Crédit Agricole for a strategic long-term partnership combining our merchant services capabilities  with the joint ambition to create a player able to deliver premier services to all merchants operating in France. The perfect fit of Worldline’s state-of-the-art products  technology and services at scale combined with Crédit Agricole Group unique distribution network and acquiring market leadership would be a key differentiating factor for our customers.For Worldline  this is a unique opportunity to further expand our footprint and to achieve scale within a few years on the largest continental European acquiring market. Through this strategic partnership  Worldline would also benefit from additional specific French market offerings while we intend to invest together with Crédit Agricole into an ambitious and differentiating innovation roadmap leveraging the Worldline leading-edge global value proposition.Story continuesStructured primarily as a contribution in kind of our respective technological capabilities  commercial footprint and distribution capabilities to a joint company  this major contemplated transaction fully preserves our balance sheet and financial and strategic flexibility.”Jean-Paul Mazoyer  Deputy General Manager of Crédit Agricole S.A. in charge of Technology  Digital and Payments  commented: “Payments are a cornerstone of the relationship with our customers  hence a strategic business for the Credit Agricole Group. The partnership with Worldline would allow us to strengthen our market leadership in France for merchant payment solutions and fully aligns with Credit Agricole’s 2025 ambitions to outperform the market growth by 2x on merchant payments solutions. Worldline is a French and European leader in in-store and online acceptance and a prominent payments processor in Europe.Worldline is already a trusted partner of the Credit Agricole Group and  through this deepened strategic partnership  we would jointly develop comprehensive services for French merchants on the whole merchant services value chain (acceptance and acquiring) which is a fast-moving and critical area to their business. This integrated mastery would allow us to equip merchants with innovative all-in-one offers that integrate natively in their ecosystem and provide value added business services.”Attractive and evolving French payment marketFrance is a highly attractive and strategic market for Worldline. France is the 2nd largest economy in Continental Europe  enjoying robust economic performance  sustained by consistent policy frameworks and strong institutions  as well as an attractive investment environment.The French payment industry shows solid dynamics with a sizable and growing addressable market and a high level of readiness and receptiveness towards cashless payment methods. With aggregated Merchant Sales Value (MSV) of c.€ 700 billion  the French payment market is by far the largest payment market in Continental Europe.With cash penetration still high  at c.40% of payment volumes  the French market offers an attractive growth opportunity driven by the secular shift from cash to card and by continued demand for innovation. Combined with French “Cartes Bancaires” domestic scheme and its strong and resilient market share capturing c.80% of card transactions volumes  these market trends make France a particularly attractive country in the broader European context.The contemplated alliance between Crédit Agricole and Worldline is a unique opportunity for both companies to significantly expand their merchant services activities in this high-potential market.A partnership to create a major player in the French marketLeveraging the strengths of the two companies  the contemplated partnership would offer a state-of-the-art combination of technological and commercial offerings at scale allowing to adequately respond to any type of evolving merchant needs  whether local or global. It would be fueled by:Worldline’s vertical expertise embedded into strong instore and online capabilities to serve merchants at scale thanks to its global solutions  platforms and payment applications  and;Crédit Agricole’s strong distribution networks through the 39 Crédit Agricole ‘s Regional Banks and LCL bank  combining a deep French market presence with more than 16 000 banking advisors for enterprises1 and local knowledge in merchants acquiring.The partnership would be ensured by the set-up of a fully licensed joint-company between Crédit Agricole and Worldline. The joint-company would be majority owned (50% of total capital plus one share) and fully consolidated by Worldline. It would be in charge of leveraging Worldline’s global European processing platforms and of developing all the innovative products dedicated to the French market. The joint-company would also be in charge of the commercial development of the alliance  both directly for largest merchants in particular  and by providing an active support to the bank distribution channels.The contemplated joint-company would offer to the key accounts in France a full-service offering leveraging Worldline’s global acceptance and acquiring platform  including the domestic “Cartes Bancaires” scheme. In parallel  Worldline would be able to offer to its international merchants an access to the domestic scheme  further expanding its broad range of payment schemes.With respect to SMBs  this planned combination would also bring to merchants  whatever their size or location  deep access to an enriched offering of payment brands and means  and value-added services covering all their needs  from mobile acceptance devices to more traditional Point-of-Sales (POS: Point Of Sale) solutions for seamless payment experience  ultimately improving merchant experience and consumer purchasing journeys.These new all-in-one solutions combining instore and online capabilities at large and local scale to serve French merchants and consumers in the best way  coupled with the power of Crédit Agricole’s distribution network  would be a key differentiating factor to create a payments major player in France.Key steps of the partnership implementationThe contemplated operation remains subject to both parties’ works council consultation and to corporate authorizations and customary regulatory approval:2023-2024: Joint investment phase of € 80 million equally financed by Worldline and Crédit Agricole for the product and offering design  and joint company implementation2025 onwards: Full implementation of the joint company starting to generate revenues and OMDA.ContactsInvestor Relations WorldlineLaurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCommunication WorldlineSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comInvestor Relations Crédit Agricole SAInstitutional shareholders + 33 1 43 23 04 31 investor.relations@credit-agricole-sa.fr Individual shareholders + 33 800 000 777 (freephone number – France only) relation@actionnaires.credit-agricole.com Clotilde L’Angevin + 33 1 43 23 32 45 clotilde.langevin@credit-agricole-sa.frEquity investors: Jean-Yann AsserafFethi Azzoug + 33 1 57 72 23 81+ 33 1 57 72 03 75 jean-yann.asseraf@credit-agricole-sa.fr fethi.azzoug@credit-agricole-sa.fr Joséphine Brouard + 33 1 43 23 48 33 joséphine.brouard@credit-agricole-sa.fr Oriane Cante + 33 1 43 23 03 07 oriane.cante@credit-agricole-sa.fr Nicolas Ianna + 33 1 43 23 55 51 nicolas.ianna@credit-agricole-sa.fr Leila Mamou + 33 1 57 72 07 93 leila.mamou@credit-agricole-sa.fr Anna Pigoulevski + 33 1 43 23 40 59 anna.pigoulevski@credit-agricole-sa.fr Annabelle Wiriath + 33 1 43 23 55 52 annabelle.wiriath@credit-agricole-sa.fr Credit investors and rating agencies: Caroline Crépin + 33 1 43 23 83 65 caroline.crepin@credit-agricole-sa.fr Rhita Alami Hassani + 33 1 43 23 15 27 rhita.alamihassani@credit-agricole-sa.fr Florence Quintin de Kercadio + 33 1 43 23 25 32 florence.quintindekercadio@credit-agricole-sa.frCommunication Crédit AgricoleAlexandre Barat + 33 1 57 72 12 19 alexandre.barat@credit-agricole-sa.frOlivier Tassain + 33 1 43 23 25 41 olivier.tassain@credit-agricole-sa.frMathilde Durand + 33 1 57 72 19 43 mathilde.durand@credit-agricole-sa.frBénédicte Gouvert +33 1 49 53 43 64 benedicte.gouvert@ca-fnca.frAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey – quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.4 billion euros revenue in 2022. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.About Crédit Agricole GroupThe Crédit Agricole Group is the leading partner of the French economy and one of the largest banking groups in Europe. It is the leading retail bank in Europe as well as the first European asset manager  the first bancassurer in Europe and the third European player in project finance.Built on its strong cooperative and mutual roots  its 145 000 employees and the 27 000 directors of its Local and Regional Banks  the Crédit Agricole Group is a responsible and responsive bank serving 53 million customers  11 5 million mutual shareholders and 800 000 individual shareholders.Thanks to its universal customer-focused retail banking model – based on the cooperation between its retail banks and their r elated business lines –  the Crédit Agricole Group supports its customers’ projects in France and around the world: day-to-day banking  home loans  consumer finance  savings  insurances  asset management  real estate  leasing and factoring  and corporate and investment banking.Crédit Agricole also stands out for its dynamic  innovative corporate social responsibility policy  for the benefit of the economy. This policy is based on a pragmatic approach which permeates across the Group and engages each employee.Disclaimer WorldlineThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 25  2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342 and its Amendment filed on July 29  2022 under the filling number: D. 21-0342-A01.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.1 Pro/SME/Agri/FluxAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.77,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['Crédit Agricole', 'exclusive discussions', 'major player', 'merchant services', 'Worldline', 'France', 'leading French retail banking Credit Agricole Group', 'Crédit Agricole Group unique distribution network', 'French “Cartes Bancaires” domestic scheme', 'Crédit Agricole S.A.', 'additional specific French market offerings', 'Worldline leading-edge global value proposition', 'largest continental European acquiring market', 'largest Continental Europe payment market', 'billion Merchant Sales Value', 'Crédit Agricole SA', 'merchant services value chain', 'value added business services', '2nd largest economy', 'largest payment market', 'broader European context', 'French payment industry', 'French market intimacy', 'French payment market', 'merchant acquiring footprint', 'merchant payment solutions', 'evolving merchant needs', 'La Défense', 'key differentiating factor', 'Deputy General Manager', 'robust economic performance', 'consistent policy frameworks', 'cashless payment methods', 'growing addressable market', 'resilient market share', 'merchant services activities', 'binding exclusive agreement', 'merchant services capabilities', 'merchant payments solutions', 'prominent payments processor', 'differentiating innovation roadmap', 'attractive investment environment', 'respective technological capabilities', 'card transactions volumes', 'Strategic long-term partnership', 'attractive growth opportunity', 'leading innovation', 'distribution capabilities', 'major payments player', 'distribution power', 'unique opportunity', 'payment services', 'payment volumes', 'commercial offerings', 'market growth', 'European leader', 'strategic market', 'global infrastructure', 'global leader', 'unique alliance', 'market leadership', 'market trends', 'high-potential market', 'French merchants', 'premier services', 'strategic business', 'comprehensive services', 'exclusive discussions', 'WORLDLINE SA', 'strategic flexibility', 'strategic partnership', 'major player', 'Contemplated creation', 'joint company', 'Gilles Grapinet', 'joint ambition', 'perfect fit', 'commercial footprint', 'balance sheet', 'Jean-Paul Mazoyer', 'trusted partner', 'critical area', 'integrated mastery', 'one offers', 'solid dynamics', 'high level', 'secular shift', 'strategic alliance', 'landmark transaction', 'online acceptance', 'strong institutions', 'cash penetration', 'two companies', 'art combination', 'France', 'MSV', 'technology', 'Paris', 'WLN', 'ACA', 'signing', 'CEO', 'products', 'scale', 'customers', 'years', 'ambitious', 'Story', 'contribution', 'kind', 'financial', 'charge', 'Digital', 'cornerstone', 'relationship', '2025 ambitions', 'store', 'moving', 'ecosystem', 'The', 'sizable', 'readiness', 'receptiveness', 'continued', 'demand', 'country', 'strengths', 'state', 'type']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23259,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/credit-agricole-sa-cr-dit-053000515.html,CREDIT AGRICOLE SA: Crédit Agricole and Worldline enter into exclusive discussions to create a major player in merchant services in France,Crédit Agricole and Worldlineenter into exclusive discussions to create a major playerin merchant services in France A unique alliance to create a major...,CREDIT AGRICOLE SACrédit Agricole and Worldlineenter into exclusive discussions to create a major playerin merchant services in FranceA unique alliance to create a major payments playerin the largest Continental Europe payment market ofc.€ 700 billion Merchant Sales Value (“MSV”)Strategic long-term partnershipbetween the leading French retail banking Credit Agricole Group and WorldlineContemplated creation of a joint company fully operational by 2025 combiningCrédit Agricole’s merchant acquiring footprint  French market intimacy and distribution power with Worldline’s leading innovation  technologyand global infrastructureParis  La Défense  April 19  2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  and Crédit Agricole SA [Euronext: ACA]  announced today the signing of a non-binding exclusive agreement regarding a strategic partnership to create a major player in the French payment market.Gilles Grapinet  CEO of Worldline  said: “The contemplated strategic alliance we announce today between Worldline and Crédit Agricole is a landmark transaction for the Group. I am very proud that Worldline has been selected by Crédit Agricole for a strategic long-term partnership combining our merchant services capabilities  with the joint ambition to create a player able to deliver premier services to all merchants operating in France. The perfect fit of Worldline’s state-of-the-art products  technology and services at scale combined with Crédit Agricole Group unique distribution network and acquiring market leadership would be a key differentiating factor for our customers.For Worldline  this is a unique opportunity to further expand our footprint and to achieve scale within a few years on the largest continental European acquiring market. Through this strategic partnership  Worldline would also benefit from additional specific French market offerings while we intend to invest together with Crédit Agricole into an ambitious and differentiating innovation roadmap leveraging the Worldline leading-edge global value proposition.Story continuesStructured primarily as a contribution in kind of our respective technological capabilities  commercial footprint and distribution capabilities to a joint company  this major contemplated transaction fully preserves our balance sheet and financial and strategic flexibility.”Jean-Paul Mazoyer  Deputy General Manager of Crédit Agricole S.A. in charge of Technology  Digital and Payments  commented: “Payments are a cornerstone of the relationship with our customers  hence a strategic business for the Credit Agricole Group. The partnership with Worldline would allow us to strengthen our market leadership in France for merchant payment solutions and fully aligns with Credit Agricole’s 2025 ambitions to outperform the market growth by 2x on merchant payments solutions. Worldline is a French and European leader in in-store and online acceptance and a prominent payments processor in Europe.Worldline is already a trusted partner of the Credit Agricole Group and  through this deepened strategic partnership  we would jointly develop comprehensive services for French merchants on the whole merchant services value chain (acceptance and acquiring) which is a fast-moving and critical area to their business. This integrated mastery would allow us to equip merchants with innovative all-in-one offers that integrate natively in their ecosystem and provide value added business services.”Attractive and evolving French payment marketFrance is a highly attractive and strategic market for Worldline. France is the 2nd largest economy in Continental Europe  enjoying robust economic performance  sustained by consistent policy frameworks and strong institutions  as well as an attractive investment environment.The French payment industry shows solid dynamics with a sizable and growing addressable market and a high level of readiness and receptiveness towards cashless payment methods. With aggregated Merchant Sales Value (MSV) of c.€ 700 billion  the French payment market is by far the largest payment market in Continental Europe.With cash penetration still high  at c.40% of payment volumes  the French market offers an attractive growth opportunity driven by the secular shift from cash to card and by continued demand for innovation. Combined with French “Cartes Bancaires” domestic scheme and its strong and resilient market share capturing c.80% of card transactions volumes  these market trends make France a particularly attractive country in the broader European context.The contemplated alliance between Crédit Agricole and Worldline is a unique opportunity for both companies to significantly expand their merchant services activities in this high-potential market.A partnership to create a major player in the French marketLeveraging the strengths of the two companies  the contemplated partnership would offer a state-of-the-art combination of technological and commercial offerings at scale allowing to adequately respond to any type of evolving merchant needs  whether local or global. It would be fueled by:Worldline’s vertical expertise embedded into strong instore and online capabilities to serve merchants at scale thanks to its global solutions  platforms and payment applications  and;Crédit Agricole’s strong distribution networks through the 39 Crédit Agricole ‘s Regional Banks and LCL bank  combining a deep French market presence with more than 16 000 banking advisors for enterprises1 and local knowledge in merchants acquiring.The partnership would be ensured by the set-up of a fully licensed joint-company between Crédit Agricole and Worldline. The joint-company would be majority owned (50% of total capital plus one share) and fully consolidated by Worldline. It would be in charge of leveraging Worldline’s global European processing platforms and of developing all the innovative products dedicated to the French market. The joint-company would also be in charge of the commercial development of the alliance  both directly for largest merchants in particular  and by providing an active support to the bank distribution channels.The contemplated joint-company would offer to the key accounts in France a full-service offering leveraging Worldline’s global acceptance and acquiring platform  including the domestic “Cartes Bancaires” scheme. In parallel  Worldline would be able to offer to its international merchants an access to the domestic scheme  further expanding its broad range of payment schemes.With respect to SMBs  this planned combination would also bring to merchants  whatever their size or location  deep access to an enriched offering of payment brands and means  and value-added services covering all their needs  from mobile acceptance devices to more traditional Point-of-Sales (POS: Point Of Sale) solutions for seamless payment experience  ultimately improving merchant experience and consumer purchasing journeys.These new all-in-one solutions combining instore and online capabilities at large and local scale to serve French merchants and consumers in the best way  coupled with the power of Crédit Agricole’s distribution network  would be a key differentiating factor to create a payments major player in France.Key steps of the partnership implementationThe contemplated operation remains subject to both parties’ works council consultation and to corporate authorizations and customary regulatory approval:2023-2024: Joint investment phase of € 80 million equally financed by Worldline and Crédit Agricole for the product and offering design  and joint company implementation2025 onwards: Full implementation of the joint company starting to generate revenues and OMDA.ContactsInvestor Relations WorldlineLaurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCommunication WorldlineSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comInvestor Relations Crédit Agricole SAInstitutional shareholders + 33 1 43 23 04 31 investor.relations@credit-agricole-sa.fr Individual shareholders + 33 800 000 777 (freephone number – France only) relation@actionnaires.credit-agricole.com Clotilde L’Angevin + 33 1 43 23 32 45 clotilde.langevin@credit-agricole-sa.frEquity investors: Jean-Yann AsserafFethi Azzoug + 33 1 57 72 23 81+ 33 1 57 72 03 75 jean-yann.asseraf@credit-agricole-sa.fr fethi.azzoug@credit-agricole-sa.fr Joséphine Brouard + 33 1 43 23 48 33 joséphine.brouard@credit-agricole-sa.fr Oriane Cante + 33 1 43 23 03 07 oriane.cante@credit-agricole-sa.fr Nicolas Ianna + 33 1 43 23 55 51 nicolas.ianna@credit-agricole-sa.fr Leila Mamou + 33 1 57 72 07 93 leila.mamou@credit-agricole-sa.fr Anna Pigoulevski + 33 1 43 23 40 59 anna.pigoulevski@credit-agricole-sa.fr Annabelle Wiriath + 33 1 43 23 55 52 annabelle.wiriath@credit-agricole-sa.fr Credit investors and rating agencies: Caroline Crépin + 33 1 43 23 83 65 caroline.crepin@credit-agricole-sa.fr Rhita Alami Hassani + 33 1 43 23 15 27 rhita.alamihassani@credit-agricole-sa.fr Florence Quintin de Kercadio + 33 1 43 23 25 32 florence.quintindekercadio@credit-agricole-sa.frCommunication Crédit AgricoleAlexandre Barat + 33 1 57 72 12 19 alexandre.barat@credit-agricole-sa.frOlivier Tassain + 33 1 43 23 25 41 olivier.tassain@credit-agricole-sa.frMathilde Durand + 33 1 57 72 19 43 mathilde.durand@credit-agricole-sa.frBénédicte Gouvert +33 1 49 53 43 64 benedicte.gouvert@ca-fnca.frFollow usAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey – quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.4 billion euros revenue in 2022. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.About Crédit Agricole GroupThe Crédit Agricole Group is the leading partner of the French economy and one of the largest banking groups in Europe. It is the leading retail bank in Europe as well as the first European asset manager  the first bancassurer in Europe and the third European player in project finance.Built on its strong cooperative and mutual roots  its 145 000 employees and the 27 000 directors of its Local and Regional Banks  the Crédit Agricole Group is a responsible and responsive bank serving 53 million customers  11 5 million mutual shareholders and 800 000 individual shareholders.Thanks to its universal customer-focused retail banking model – based on the cooperation between its retail banks and their r elated business lines –  the Crédit Agricole Group supports its customers’ projects in France and around the world: day-to-day banking  home loans  consumer finance  savings  insurances  asset management  real estate  leasing and factoring  and corporate and investment banking.Crédit Agricole also stands out for its dynamic  innovative corporate social responsibility policy  for the benefit of the economy. This policy is based on a pragmatic approach which permeates across the Group and engages each employee.Disclaimer WorldlineThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 25  2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342 and its Amendment filed on July 29  2022 under the filling number: D. 21-0342-A01.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.1 Pro/SME/Agri/FluxAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.78,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['CREDIT AGRICOLE SA', 'Crédit Agricole', 'exclusive discussions', 'major player', 'merchant services', 'Worldline', 'France', 'leading French retail banking Credit Agricole Group', 'Crédit Agricole Group unique distribution network', 'French “Cartes Bancaires” domestic scheme', 'Crédit Agricole S.A.', 'additional specific French market offerings', 'Worldline leading-edge global value proposition', 'largest continental European acquiring market', 'largest Continental Europe payment market', 'Crédit Agricole SA', 'billion Merchant Sales Value', 'merchant services value chain', 'value added business services', 'CREDIT AGRICOLE SA', '2nd largest economy', 'largest payment market', 'broader European context', 'French payment industry', 'French market intimacy', 'French payment market', 'merchant acquiring footprint', 'merchant payment solutions', 'evolving merchant needs', 'La Défense', 'key differentiating factor', 'Deputy General Manager', 'robust economic performance', 'consistent policy frameworks', 'cashless payment methods', 'growing addressable market', 'resilient market share', 'merchant services activities', 'binding exclusive agreement', 'merchant services capabilities', 'merchant payments solutions', 'prominent payments processor', 'differentiating innovation roadmap', 'attractive investment environment', 'respective technological capabilities', 'card transactions volumes', 'Strategic long-term partnership', 'attractive growth opportunity', 'leading innovation', 'distribution capabilities', 'major payments player', 'distribution power', 'unique opportunity', 'payment services', 'payment volumes', 'commercial offerings', 'market growth', 'European leader', 'strategic market', 'global infrastructure', 'global leader', 'unique alliance', 'market leadership', 'market trends', 'high-potential market', 'French merchants', 'premier services', 'strategic business', 'comprehensive services', 'exclusive discussions', 'strategic flexibility', 'strategic partnership', 'major player', 'Contemplated creation', 'joint company', 'Gilles Grapinet', 'joint ambition', 'perfect fit', 'commercial footprint', 'balance sheet', 'Jean-Paul Mazoyer', 'trusted partner', 'critical area', 'integrated mastery', 'one offers', 'solid dynamics', 'high level', 'secular shift', 'strategic alliance', 'landmark transaction', 'online acceptance', 'strong institutions', 'cash penetration', 'two companies', 'art combination', 'France', 'MSV', 'technology', 'Paris', 'WLN', 'ACA', 'signing', 'CEO', 'products', 'scale', 'customers', 'years', 'ambitious', 'Story', 'contribution', 'kind', 'financial', 'charge', 'Digital', 'cornerstone', 'relationship', '2025 ambitions', 'store', 'moving', 'ecosystem', 'The', 'sizable', 'readiness', 'receptiveness', 'continued', 'demand', 'country', 'strengths', 'state', 'type']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23260,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2650470/0/en/Voltalia-SA-Voltalia-to-file-an-appeal-against-a-preliminary-decision-to-suspend-permits-of-the-Canudos-project-in-Brazil.html,Voltalia SA: Voltalia to file an appeal against a preliminary decision to suspend permits of the Canudos project in Brazil,Voltalia to file an appeal against a preliminary decision to suspend permits of the Canudos project in Brazil  Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code:......,English FrenchVoltalia to file an appeal against a preliminary decision to suspend permits of the Canudos project in BrazilVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  announces  today that it is filing an appeal against a judicial preliminary decision to suspend permits of the Canudos wind farms.The Canudos project  located in the State of Bahia  is composed of two wind farms with a total capacity of 99.4 megawatts.A federal judge of Feira de Santana/BA Court made a preliminary decision to suspend the wind farms’ permits on the basis that the State of Bahia’s environmental agency implemented a procedure not applicable to a project located in a region populated with lear macaws  a Brazilan parrot. A new additional environmental study is requested  in addition to the initial studies which were performed during the environmental permitting procedure.Voltalia reaffirms that it has obtained all the legally required authorizations for the construction and operation of the Canudos project and that it is in full compliance with the environmental permitting procedure held by the competent State’s environmental agency. Therefore Voltalia intends to appeal against the preliminary decision.Voltalia’s core mission  as a producer of renewable electricity  is to fight climate change and  by extension  to protect biodiversity. Voltalia also supports local development projects  in constant dialogue with communities. This commitment is a driving force for all of Voltalia’s projects.Voltalia reaffirms its openness to dialogue to clarify any doubts that may arise from authorities  communities  environmentalists and other stakeholders.Voltalia has put in place a range of initiatives in the State of BahiaVoltalia has been carrying out in-depth studies to assess potential impacts of its activities on the local flora and fauna  if any. All studies revealed a low presence of lear macaws in the Canudos project vincinity.Despite of very low risks  Voltalia has developed the Conservation Program for the Lear Macaws and the Repopulation Program of Licurizeiro  based on the National Action Plan for the Conservation of Caatinga Birds (PAN)  following ICMBio/CEMAVE guidelines.Voltalia’s action plan include:Monitoring of lear macaws’ population in the region  which has increased steadily since 2019;Recovery of licuri trees areas  which were damaged in the region for decades. Licuri trees are the main food source of lear macaws;Creation of a nesting area protected against the risk of wildlife trafficking;Continuous monitoring by video surveillance of all wind turbines with an automatic protocol  triggering sounds and stoping turbines  to avoid potential impacts if and when the birds approach;Painting of the wind turbines’ blades in order to improve visibility for the birds.Voltalia reaffirms its commitment to dialogue with local communities and its desire to continue to invest in favour of the environmentVoltalia has already invested around two million Brazilian reais and plans to invest an additional ten million Brazilian reais over the next few years in various local programs  including:Lear macaw habitat protection and extension;Environmental education plan for local communities;Economic development projects and sustainable use of local resources.In addition  Voltalia is working with biologists for the creation of a preservation unit for the lear macaw (RPPN – Reserva Particular do Patrimônio Natural)  as the region does not currently receive any funding to protect the specie  outside from Voltalia’s initiatives.About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com)Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.6 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 14.2 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.With more than 1 550 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has capacity to act globally for its customers.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the SBF 120  Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcapsVoltaliaLoan Duong  Head of Communications & IR Actifinl.duong@voltalia.com Press Contact: Jennifer JulliaInvestor Relations : invest@voltalia.com jjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 19Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.72,0.27,mixed,0.13,0.2,0.67,True,English,"['preliminary decision', 'Canudos project', 'Voltalia SA', 'appeal', 'permits', 'Brazil', 'additional ten million Brazilian reais', 'responsible midcaps Voltalia Loan Duong', 'two million Brazilian reais', 'Feira de Santana/BA Court', 'new additional environmental study', 'Lear macaw habitat protection', 'main food source', 'Patrimônio Natural', 'two wind farms', 'energy efficiency services', 'Environmental education plan', 'various local programs', 'renewable energy sector', 'environmental permitting procedure', 'National Action Plan', 'licuri trees areas', 'Canudos wind farms', 'Canudos project vincinity', 'lear macaws’ population', 'wind turbines’ blades', 'Economic development projects', 'judicial preliminary decision', 'renewable energy projects', 'The Canudos project', 'local development projects', 'environmental agency', 'The Group', 'local flora', 'local resources', 'local production', 'English French', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'federal judge', 'Brazilan parrot', 'full compliance', 'core mission', 'renewable electricity', 'climate change', 'driving force', 'other stakeholders', 'potential impacts', 'low presence', 'low risks', 'Repopulation Program', 'ICMBio/CEMAVE guidelines', 'nesting area', 'wildlife trafficking', 'video surveillance', 'automatic protocol', 'sustainable use', 'preservation unit', 'Reserva Particular', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'investor clients', 'corporate market', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'regulated market', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'IR Actifin', 'Press Contact', 'Jennifer Jullia', 'Investor Relations', 'local communities', 'total capacity', 'generating capacity', 'initial studies', 'depth studies', 'Conservation Program', 'Continuous monitoring', 'green electricity', 'constant dialogue', 'Caatinga Birds', 'competent State', 'appeal', 'permits', 'Bahia', '99.4 megawatts', 'basis', 'region', 'authorizations', 'construction', 'operation', 'producer', 'extension', 'biodiversity', 'commitment', 'openness', 'doubts', 'authorities', 'environmentalists', 'place', 'range', 'initiatives', 'activities', 'fauna', 'Licurizeiro', 'Recovery', 'decades', 'Creation', 'sounds', 'Painting', 'order', 'visibility', 'desire', 'favour', 'years', 'biologists', 'RPPN', 'funding', 'specie', '2.6 GW', 'portfolio', '14.2 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,550 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'customers', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'SBF', 'Head', 'Communications', 'T.', 'Attachment']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23261,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-agrees-terms-acquire-postbiotics-060000515.html,DSM agrees terms to acquire postbiotics pioneer Adare Biome,Royal DSM  a global science-based leader in health  nutrition and bioscience  announces that it has entered into exclusive negotiations with Adare Pharma...,"HEERLEN  Netherlands  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal DSM  a global science-based leader in health  nutrition and bioscience  announces that it has entered into exclusive negotiations with Adare Pharma Solutions in order to acquire Adare Biome  a pioneer in the development and manufacturing of postbiotics  for an enterprise value of €275 million. This transaction represents an estimated 2023 EV/EBITDA multiple of 18x.DSM Logo.Postbiotics is a rapidly emerging segment of the gut health market that is projected to grow strongly. Unlike the live bacteria in probiotics  postbiotics consist of inanimate microorganisms and/or their cellular components and metabolites that confer a health benefit to the host. A growing body of scientific evidence shows that postbiotics deliver comparable health benefits and are more stable so have a longer shelf-life and can be used in a wider range of applications and in new ingredient combinations.Adare Biome's origins date back to 1907 when French chemist Dr. Pierre Boucard launched Lactéol®. This branded supplement for relieving gut upsets is now available over the counter in 35 countries and is one of the most scientifically well-documented microorganism-based therapeutics in the world in terms of efficacy and safety.DSM anticipates being able to rapidly extend the availability of Adare Biome's Lactéol® for people through its B2C unit  i-Health. Additionally further development of the postbiotic B2B ingredient will include further science development and developing opportunities in dietary supplements  early life nutrition  medical nutrition  and nutritional improvement for the under-nourished. Adare Biome would also help establish DSM as a frontrunner in the growing microbiome management market for pets and expand its animal health range  where the stability of postbiotics means they can be incorporated into DSM's premix feed solutions.Tom Sellig  CEO of Adare Pharma Solutions  commented: ""DSM would be the ideal company to take Adare Biome to a new level and realize the growth potential of postbiotics. They have the infrastructure and strong commercialization and science capabilities to scale the significant scientific research achieved over the years and DSM's mission to create healthier lives for all will resonate strongly with the team.""Story continuesPhilip Eykerman  DSM's Executive Vice President Health  Nutrition & Care  said: ""Adare Biome would be a perfect fit for DSM  with pioneering science that will complement each of our three businesses. The Adare Biome team will greatly help in accelerating our 'health from the gut' strategy as there is considerable untapped potential for next-generation biotics to support the health of people and animals.""The transaction remains subject to consultation of the workers council and customary regulatory conditions.About Adare BiomeAdare Biome develops  produces  and commercializes high-quality postbiotic solutions  including its pharmaceutical product Lactéol™ marketed in almost 40 countries around the world  and its ingredients  LBiome™ and LBiotix™ for digestive health applications in human  pet and production animals. The company is based in Houdan  France  and is a division of Adare Pharma Solutions. More information can be found at www.adarebiome.com.About Adare Pharma SolutionsAdare Pharma Solutions is a global technology-driven CDMO providing product development through commercial manufacturing expertise focused on oral dosage forms for the Pharmaceutical industry. Adare's specialized technology platforms provide taste masking  controlled release  solubility enhancement  and patient-centric dosing solutions. With a proven history in drug delivery  Adare has developed and manufactured more than 65 products sold by customers in more than 100 countries globally. More information can be found at www.adarepharmasolutions.com.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm-agrees-terms-to-acquire-postbiotics-pioneer-adare-biome-301801415.html",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,positive,0.73,0.24,0.02,True,English,"['postbiotics pioneer', 'Adare Biome', 'DSM', 'terms', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'growing microbiome management market', 'Executive Vice President Health', 'The Adare Biome team', 'global science-based leader', 'Dr. Pierre Boucard', 'postbiotic B2B ingredient', 'customary regulatory conditions', 'global technology-driven CDMO', 'oral dosage forms', 'specialized technology platforms', 'future (financial) performance', 'premix feed solutions', 'high-quality postbiotic solutions', 'patient-centric dosing solutions', 'new ingredient combinations', 'significant scientific research', 'considerable untapped potential', 'comparable health benefits', 'Adare Pharma Solutions', 'commercial manufacturing expertise', 'gut health market', 'global, purpose-led company', 'early life nutrition', 'animal health range', 'digestive health applications', 'growing body', 'scientific evidence', 'wider range', 'new level', 'growth potential', 'gut upsets', ""gut' strategy"", 'exclusive negotiations', 'enterprise value', '2023 EV/EBITDA multiple', 'emerging segment', 'live bacteria', 'cellular components', 'longer shelf-life', 'French chemist', 'Lactéol®', 'microorganism-based therapeutics', 'B2C unit', 'dietary supplements', 'nutritional improvement', 'Tom Sellig', 'strong commercialization', 'healthier lives', 'Philip Eykerman', 'perfect fit', 'three businesses', 'next-generation biotics', 'workers council', 'pharmaceutical product', 'Lactéol™', 'Pharmaceutical industry', 'taste masking', 'controlled release', 'solubility enhancement', 'proven history', 'drug delivery', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Forward-looking statements', 'press release', 'Such statements', 'current expectations', 'More information', 'information curren', 'ideal company', 'science capabilities', 'pioneering science', 'Royal DSM', 'DSM Logo', 'medical nutrition', 'product development', 'production animals', 'science development', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'bioscience', 'order', 'postbiotics', 'transaction', '18x', 'probiotics', 'microorganisms', 'host', 'origins', 'counter', '35 countries', 'world', 'terms', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'availability', 'people', 'opportunities', 'frontrunner', 'pets', 'stability', 'CEO', 'infrastructure', 'years', 'mission', 'Care', 'consultation', '40 countries', 'ingredients', 'LBiome™', 'LBiotix™', 'Houdan', 'France', 'division', '65 products', 'customers', '100 countries', 'adarepharmasolutions', 'planet', 'stakeholders', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'respect', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23262,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lleida-net-reaches-record-click-061700195.html,Lleida.net reaches a record in Click&Sign unique users and experiences sustained growth in the electronic signature of contracts,MADRID  Spain  April 19  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish listed company Lleida.net (OTC.US) (ALLLN.PA) (LLN.MA) registered in March 2023 a new historical...,"Lleida.netMADRID  Spain  April 19  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish listed company Lleida.net (OTC.US) (ALLLN.PA) (LLN.MA) registered in March 2023 a new historical record in the number of unique users of its main product  Click&Sign  which allows the certified electronic signature of contracts and any other type of documents.As of March 2023  the number of active Click&Sign circuits via API reached 1 090. This number has been increasing month by month since March 2019  when it was just 116.These circuits generated 273 327 contracts in March 2023  34.30% more than in the same month of 2022.The growth of unique service users has remained increasing and stable for more than 30 months  which certifies the strength of Lleida.net's technology and its level of market penetration.""The steady growth in the number of unique Click & Sign users month after month demonstrates the strength and validity of our technology. This sustained increase in the adoption of our services reinforces our customers' confidence in the efficiency and security we offer  and consolidates our position as a leader in the electronic signature sector "" explained Sisco Sapena  CEO and founder of the company.On a quarterly basis  API's signed contract production continued to trend upward  with 741 541 contracts signed in the first quarter of 2023  compared to 549 670 signed in the first quarter of 2022.Most of the traffic came from contracts in the telecommunications sector  real estate lending in Europe  bank account opening and consumer finance in Latin America.Increase in Click & Sign PRO serviceRegarding Click & Sign Pro's quarterly production  the so-called PRO circuits  which involve complex engagements that require analysis of multiple variables  saw a three percent increase between the first quarter of 2023 and the same period in 2022.In the first quarter of 2023  there were 286 228 active contracts  compared to 278 009 in the first quarter of 2022.Story continuesEuropean insurance contracts  credit card issuance by Spanish entities and GDPR compliance  mainly drove this growth.Although the total number of certified emails launched thanks to the company's technology declined in the first quarter of the year as a result of the cut-off of service due to non-payment to 4-72  the postal company in Colombia  this decline was mitigated by the organic growth of the business line in countries such as Spain and Peru.The number of active certified email users in March 2023 stood at 2 115 senders.In the first quarter  more than three million certified emails were sent via Lleida.net's proprietary platform  compared to 4.08 million in the first quarter of 2022.One of the service lines that remains solid and stable is that of Certified SMS  which remains above the figures recorded a year ago. In the first quarter of 2023  the company's customers issued 1.85 million Certified SMS  compared to 1.69 million in the first quarter of 2022.Banking  insurance and mutual assistance companies  as well as claims processes by energy companies  have been the main drivers.Lleida.net's new services grow by almost 800%.In the first quarter of 2023  the subsidiary of the company Lleidanet PKI  an evolution of the former Indenova  which was acquired by the listed company in 2021  issued more than 4.1 million times stamps on behalf of its customers.Time stamps  which are usually additional signatures to other electronic signatures  are used in the transactions of large companies. Since the service was launched in the first quarter of 2022  its use has multiplied by 800% and is one of the fastest growing.In the last quarter  the company began marketing its most recent product  called USVC. This new B2C product allows verifying the validity of any certified electronic signature  regardless of the platform used to issue it. The company expects USVC to reach higher production levels than certified mail itself.The company  founded in 1995 and listed on Euronext Growth in Paris  BME Growth in Madrid and OTCQX in New York  has already obtained recognition in 300 patents worldwide in more than 60 countries.CONTACT: Contact: Pedrosa IR ir@pedrosa.uk",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.23,0.43,True,English,"['Lleida.net', 'Click&Sign', 'unique users', 'sustained growth', 'electronic signature', 'record', 'contracts', 'active certified email users', 'three million certified emails', 'active Click&Sign circuits', 'real estate lending', 'bank account opening', 'credit card issuance', '1.85 million Certified SMS', '4.1 million times stamps', 'new historical record', 'three percent increase', 'certified electronic signature', 'mutual assistance companies', 'higher production levels', 'electronic signature sector', 'new B2C product', 'other electronic signatures', 'unique service users', 'Spanish listed company', 'European insurance contracts', 'unique users', 'Sign users', '286,228 active contracts', 'other type', 'telecommunications sector', 'Spanish entities', 'Time stamps', 'additional signatures', 'New York', 'main product', 'unique Click', 'contract production', 'quarterly production', 'PRO circuits', 'energy companies', 'large companies', 'recent product', 'Sign Pro', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'market penetration', 'sustained increase', 'Sisco Sapena', 'quarterly basis', 'first quarter', 'consumer finance', 'Latin America', 'complex engagements', 'multiple variables', 'same period', 'GDPR compliance', 'business line', 'claims processes', 'main drivers', 'new services', 'Lleidanet PKI', 'former Indenova', 'last quarter', 'Pedrosa IR', 'PRO service', 'service lines', 'steady growth', 'organic growth', 'Euronext Growth', 'BME Growth', 'Lleida.net', 'proprietary platform', ""customers' confidence"", 'postal company', 'same month', 'total number', '273,327 contracts', '741,541 contracts', 'MADRID', 'Spain', 'April', 'March', 'documents', 'API', '30 months', 'strength', 'technology', 'validity', 'adoption', 'efficiency', 'security', 'position', 'leader', 'CEO', 'founder', 'traffic', 'analysis', 'Story', 'year', 'result', 'cut-off', 'payment', 'Colombia', 'decline', 'countries', 'Peru', '2,115 senders', 'figures', 'Banking', 'subsidiary', 'evolution', 'behalf', 'transactions', 'USVC', 'Paris', 'OTCQX', 'recognition', '300 patents', 'CONTACT']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23263,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nicox-provides-first-quarter-2023-053000450.html,Nicox Provides First Quarter 2023 Financial and Business Highlights,Press ReleaseNicox Provides First Quarter 2023 Financial and Business Highlights Net revenue of €0.8 million for the first quarter of 2023 Cash position of €...,Net revenue of €0.8 million for the first quarter of 2023Cash position of €21.4 million as of March 31  2023 April 19  2023 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  COX)  an international ophthalmology company  today provided financial and business highlights for the first quarter 2023 for Nicox SA and its subsidiaries (the “Nicox Group”).First Quarter 2023 Financial HighlightsNet revenue1 for the first quarter of 2023 was €0.8 million (consisting entirely of net royalty payments). This compares to net revenue for the first quarter of 2022 of €0.7 million (consisting entirely of net royalty payments).As of March 31  2023  the Nicox Group had cash and cash equivalents of €21.4 million as compared with €27.7 million as of December 31  2022. The Company estimates it is financed until Q2 2024  based exclusively on the development of NCX 470.As of March 31  2023  the Nicox Group had financial debt of €22.8 million  consisting of (i) €18.8 million in the form of a bond financing agreement with Kreos Capital signed in January 2019  (ii) a €1.7 million credit agreement guaranteed by the French State  and granted in August 2020 in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic and (iii) €2.3 million of present value attributed to the put option2 granted in the November 2022 equity financing. The payment of this debt would only occur if the put option was exercised  subject to the conditions set out in footnote 2 below.VYZULTA® (latanoprostene bunod ophthalmic solution)  0.024% U.S. prescriptions3 increased by 23% in the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. VYZULTA  exclusively licensed worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  is commercialized in more than 15 countries  including the U.S.  and is also approved in a number of other countries. VYZULTA is indicated for the reduction of IOP in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.Corporate updateNicox’s exclusive Chinese licensing partner  Ocumension Therapeutics  submitted in April 2023 a New Drug Application for approval to commercialize ZERVIATE® (cetirizine ophthalmic solution)  0.24% in China for ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis. The approval and launch of ZERVIATE  expected in 2024  would add another royalty revenue stream to Nicox  on potential annual net sales which Ocumension forecasts will be over $100 million within 7 years in China. All costs of commercialization are borne by Ocumension and Nicox may potentially receive sales milestones of up to US$17.2 million together with royalties of between 5% and 9% of net sales of ZERVIATE by Ocumension. Key Future MilestonesCommunication of NCX 470 Mont Blanc results at key ophthalmology congresses: detailed analysis of the Mont Blanc data has now been completed. Presentations were made at the American Glaucoma Society (AGS) Annual Meeting (March 2-5  2023  Austin  TX  U.S ) and are planned at upcoming events including the Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology (ARVO) Annual Meeting (April 23-27  2023  New Orleans  LA  U.S.) and the World Glaucoma Congress (WGC) (June 28 - July 1  2023  Rome  Italy)  along with journal publications.Denali Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating NCX 470 in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension: Topline results expected in 2025. This date is based on projections of increased recruitment which take notably into account the lifting of COVID-19 restrictions in China.Initiation of two new Phase 3b clinical trials investigating the dual mechanism of action (nitric oxide and prostaglandin analog) in intraocular pressure ( IOP ) lowering and potential retinal benefits of NCX 470: planned in H1 2023.Approval and launch of ZERVIATE in China by Ocumension: expected in 2024. The audit procedures on the consolidated accounts as of December 31  2022 have been carried out. The certification report will be issued after finalization of the procedures required for the purposes of the publication of the annual report. All other figures in this press release are non-audited.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.35,0.36,True,English,"['First Quarter 2023 Financial', 'Business Highlights', 'Nicox', 'two new Phase 3b clinical trials', 'Denali Phase 3 clinical trial', 'exclusive Chinese licensing partner', 'latanoprostene bunod ophthalmic solution', 'NCX 470 Mont Blanc results', 'potential annual net sales', 'cetirizine ophthalmic solution', 'Mont Blanc data', 'New Drug Application', 'potential retinal benefits', 'bond financing agreement', '€1.7 million credit agreement', 'November 2022 equity financing', 'AGS) Annual Meeting', 'ARVO) Annual Meeting', 'net royalty payments', 'Key Future Milestones', 'American Glaucoma Society', 'World Glaucoma Congress', 'royalty revenue stream', 'key ophthalmology congresses', '0.024% U.S. prescriptions3', 'international ophthalmology company', 'New Orleans', 'sales milestones', 'Topline results', 'annual report', 'Net revenue', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'first quarter', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'Euronext Paris', 'business highlights', 'Kreos Capital', 'French State', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'present value', 'put option2', 'same period', 'ocular hypertension', 'Corporate update', 'ocular itching', 'allergic conjunctivitis', 'detailed analysis', 'upcoming events', 'journal publications', 'COVID-19 restrictions', 'dual mechanism', 'nitric oxide', 'prostaglandin analog', 'intraocular pressure', 'consolidated accounts', 'certification report', 'other figures', 'Cash position', 'Financial Highlights', 'cash equivalents', 'Nicox SA', 'Nicox Group', 'other countries', 'audit procedures', 'press release', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'Ocumension forecasts', 'financial debt', '15 countries', 'March', 'April', 'France', 'subsidiaries', 'December', 'Q2', 'development', 'form', 'January', 'August', 'context', 'conditions', 'footnote', 'VYZULTA®', 'Bausch', 'Lomb', 'number', 'reduction', 'IOP', 'patients', 'approval', 'ZERVIATE®', 'China', 'launch', '7 years', 'costs', 'commercialization', 'royalties', 'Communication', 'Presentations', 'Austin', 'TX', 'Association', 'Research', 'Vision', 'WGC', 'June', 'July', 'Rome', 'Italy', 'projections', 'recruitment', 'lifting', 'Initiation', 'action', 'lowering', 'H1', 'finalization', 'purposes', '7:30']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23264,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000595.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 18 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9902 £ 23.8398 Estimated MTD return 1.30 % 1.36 % Estimated YTD return -2.81 % -2.40 % Estimated ITD return 169.90 % 138.40 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.49 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.88 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.3279 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.2385The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'A Premium/discount', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23265,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000671.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 18 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9902 £ 23.8398 Estimated MTD return 1.30 % 1.36 % Estimated YTD return -2.81 % -2.40 % Estimated ITD return 169.90 % 138.40 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.49 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.88 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.3279 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.2385The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23266,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/teleperformance-operations-in-brazil-recognized-by-frost--sullivan-for-delivering-outstanding-customer-support-modern-business-optimization-and-transformation-strategies-301800894.html,Teleperformance Operations in Brazil Recognized by Frost & Sullivan for Delivering Outstanding Customer Support  Modern Business Optimization  and Transformation Strategies,Teleperformance operations in Brazil relies on its unique technology and deep industry expertise to fill sector gaps and address customer requirements. SAN ANTONIO  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Frost & Sullivan recently researched the customer experience ou…,"Teleperformance operations in Brazil relies on its unique technology and deep industry expertise to fill sector gaps and address customer requirements.SAN ANTONIO  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Frost & Sullivan recently researched the customer experience outsourcing services industry and  based on its findings  recognizes Teleperformance with the 2023 Brazilian Customer Value Leadership Award. Teleperformance operations in Brazil provides digitally integrated business services and is widely recognized for its high customer support and satisfaction standards based on its customer-centric approach.Teleperformance Award LogoTeleperformance operations in Brazil supports companies with high-tech tools  friendly human understanding and empathy  customized products  ongoing innovation  proprietary technology solutions  and strong leadership. The company has earned an unrivaled reputation for delivering business transformation and innovation over the past few years  creating real value for its customers. The Brazil operations offers the sector's most comprehensive service portfolio  including a comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including Trust and Safety Services that help defend both online users and brand reputation. In addition  as data security is of upmost importance for the industry  Teleperformance has invested in the highest standards tools and processes to guarantee the safety and data privacy of their clients. This forward-thinking business approach makes Teleperformance in Brazil a company that outperforms its competitors  evolves with the needs and trends of the sector  and capitalizes on new growth opportunities.""The 28 000+ employees at Teleperformance's Brazil operations represent more than 20 nationalities. Combining its diverse and experienced teams with reliable and flexible technological solutions  the company modifies and optimizes processes to deliver exceptional customer care and superior client outcomes "" noted Riana Barnard  Best Practices Research Analyst at Frost & Sullivan.Teleperformance systematically employs cutting-edge technological solutions  such as big data analytics and AI  to identify outstanding talents that match the company's corporate culture and guarantee the highest level of customer care. This improved recruitment process makes Teleperformance operations in Brazil highly effective for customers.The company adopted the metaverse for internal training to sustain its high-efficiency standards and extensive employee reach. By integrating this groundbreaking and immersive training solution  trainers and trainees engage actively with each other in a virtual classroom  which significantly simplifies the learning process. It is no surprise that Teleperformance is such a disruptive company in Latin America and the Caribbean and is recognized as one of the World's Best Workplaces.""Teleperformance pioneered internal training in the metaverse to maintain its high-efficiency levels and reach the most significant number of employees. With this innovative and immersive solution  the coach and trainees can interact dynamically in a virtual classroom to ensure high content absorption. Along with improved delivery quality while covering the same content  this approach reduces training time by 20% to 35% "" said Sebastian Menutti  Industry Principal  ICT-CX at Frost & Sullivan.Each year  Frost & Sullivan presents this award to the company that demonstrates excellence in implementing strategies that proactively create value for its customers  focusing on improving the return on the investment that customers make in its services or products. The award recognizes the unique focus of Teleperformance's Brazil operations on augmenting its customers' value beyond good customer service  leading to improved customer retention and customer base expansion.Frost & Sullivan Best Practices awards recognize companies in various regional and global sectors for demonstrating outstanding achievement and superior performance in leadership  technological innovation  customer service  and strategic product development. Industry analysts compare sector participants and measure performance through in-depth interviews  analyses  and extensive secondary research to identify best practices in the industry.About Frost & SullivanFor six decades  Frost & Sullivan has been world-renowned for helping investors  corporate leaders  and governments navigate economic changes and identify disruptive technologies  Mega Trends  new business models  and companies to action  resulting in a continuous flow of growth opportunities to drive future success. Contact us: Start the discussion .Contact:Ashley WeinkaufP: 210-844-2505E: [email protected]About TeleperformanceTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  a global leader in outsourced digital integrated business services  serves as a strategic partner to the world's largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. More than 410 000 employees  based in 91 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 300 languages and 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the ""Simpler  Faster  Safer"" process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry's highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2022  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 154 million (US$8.6 billion  based on €1 = $1.05) and net profit of €645 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformance.SOURCE Frost & Sullivan",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.32,0.14,True,English,"['Outstanding Customer Support', 'Modern Business Optimization', 'Teleperformance Operations', 'Transformation Strategies', 'Brazil', 'Frost', 'Sullivan', 'One Office support services model', '2023 Brazilian Customer Value Leadership Award', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio', 'digital integrated business services', 'Best Practices Research Analyst', 'comprehensive service portfolio', 'high customer support', 'extensive secondary research', 'friendly human understanding', 'extensive employee reach', 'new business models', 'Best Practices awards', 'good customer service', 'customer base expansion', 'flexible technological solutions', 'cutting-edge technological solutions', 'proprietary technology solutions', 'superior client outcomes', 'high content absorption', 'strategic product development', 'front-office customer care', 'exceptional customer care', 'big data analytics', 'forward-thinking business approach', 'new growth opportunities', 'deep industry expertise', 'highest standards tools', 'immersive training solution', 'Teleperformance Award Logo', 'The Brazil operations', 'business transformation', 'immersive solution', 'Best Workplaces', 'customer requirements', 'customer experience', 'customer retention', 'services industry', 'strong leadership', 'unique technology', 'high-tech tools', 'real value', 'highest level', 'same content', 'strategic partner', 'satisfaction standards', 'Safety Services', 'data security', 'data privacy', 'high-efficiency standards', 'technological innovation', 'internal training', 'training time', 'SAN ANTONIO', 'customer-centric approach', 'unrivaled reputation', 'back-office functions', 'online users', 'brand reputation', 'upmost importance', 'experienced teams', 'Riana Barnard', 'outstanding talents', 'corporate culture', 'recruitment process', 'virtual classroom', 'learning process', 'Latin America', 'high-efficiency levels', 'significant number', 'delivery quality', 'Sebastian Menutti', 'unique focus', 'various regional', 'global sectors', 'outstanding achievement', 'superior performance', 'depth interviews', 'six decades', 'corporate leaders', 'economic changes', 'disruptive technologies', 'continuous flow', 'future success', 'Ashley Weinkauf', 'global leader', 'many industries', 'Industry Principal', 'Industry analysts', ""customers' value"", 'ongoing innovation', 'sector gaps', 'customized products', '28,000+ employees', 'sector participants', 'Mega Trends', 'TEP FP', 'Teleperformance operations', 'largest companies', 'disruptive company', 'Frost & Sullivan', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'findings', 'empathy', 'past', 'years', 'Trust', 'addition', 'processes', 'clients', 'competitors', 'needs', '20 nationalities', 'diverse', 'reliable', 'metaverse', 'groundbreaking', 'trainers', 'trainees', 'surprise', 'Caribbean', 'World', 'innovative', 'coach', 'ICT-CX', 'excellence', 'strategies', 'return', 'investment', 'improved', 'analyses', 'investors', 'governments', 'discussion', 'Contact', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,prnewswire.com
23267,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ESG-CORE-INVESTMENTS-B-V-118850323/news/ESG-Core-Investments-B-in-liquidatie-announces-liquidation-distribution-of-EUR-10-00-per-share-43537262/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,ESG Core Investments B : in liquidatie announces liquidation distribution of EUR 10.00 per share,(marketscreener.com)  Amsterdam - 19 April 2023 08:00 CET   Today  ESG Core Investments B.V. in liquidatie   a special purpose acquisition company listed on Euronext Amsterdam  announces that the statutory creditor opposition period of two months has expi…,Amsterdam - 19 April 2023 08:00 CETToday  ESG Core Investments B.V. in liquidatie (the Company)  a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC) listed on Euronext Amsterdam  announces that the statutory creditor opposition period of two months has expired and that no objections to the Company's liquidation were lodged.On this basis  the shares will be delisted from Euronext Amsterdam on 20 April 2023  with the last day to trade shares being today  19 April 2023  and the liquidation will become effective on 25 April 2023.The amount per share that shareholders will receive as liquidation distribution is EUR 10.00. The relevant dates in respect of payment of liquidation distributions are as follows:Record date 21 April 2023 Payment date 24 April 2023Info+31 (0)53 30 300 80info@esgcoreinvestments.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['ESG Core Investments B', 'liquidation distribution', 'liquidatie', 'EUR', 'share', 'ESG Core Investments B.V.', 'statutory creditor opposition period', 'special purpose acquisition company', 'two months', 'last day', 'relevant dates', 'Record date', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidation distribution', 'Payment date', '19 April', '00 CET', 'liquidatie', 'SPAC', 'objections', 'basis', 'shares', '20 April', '25 April', 'amount', 'shareholders', 'respect', '24 April', 'Info', '31', '53']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23268,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AIXTRON-SE-3975874/news/ASML-pre-market-no-support-for-the-chip-industry-43537518/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,ASML pre-market no support for the chip industry,(marketscreener.com) ASML 's quarterly figures and outlook failed to boost prices in the semiconductor sector in pre-market trading on Wednesday. While ASML was down two percent on Tradegate compared to the Euronext closing price the day before  German sector…,"FRANKFURT (dpa-AFX Broker) - ASML 's quarterly figures and outlook failed to boost prices in the semiconductor sector in pre-market trading on Wednesday. While ASML was down two percent on Tradegate compared to the Euronext closing price the day before  German sector stocks such as Infineon  Aixtron and Carl Zeiss Meditec were all slightly lower.Analyst Janardan Menon of investment house Jefferies pointed out in an initial assessment that new orders had fallen from 6.3 billion euros in the final quarter of 2022 to 3.8 billion euros in the first quarter of 2023. ""This is likely to be taken negatively "" the expert predicted. However  he added  the order backlog still amounts to twice annual sales. Menon also otherwise found words of praise for the quarterly figures and the forward-looking statements of the Dutch./bek/mis",negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,mixed,0.3,0.18,0.52,True,English,"['chip industry', 'ASML', 'market', 'support', 'Euronext closing price', 'Carl Zeiss Meditec', 'investment house Jefferies', 'twice annual sales', 'German sector stocks', 'Analyst Janardan Menon', 'semiconductor sector', 'quarterly figures', 'pre-market trading', 'initial assessment', 'new orders', '6.3 billion euros', 'final quarter', '3.8 billion euros', 'first quarter', 'order backlog', 'looking statements', 'FRANKFURT', 'ASML', 'prices', 'Wednesday', 'Tradegate', 'Infineon', 'Aixtron', 'expert', 'words', 'praise', 'forward', 'Dutch', 'bek/mis']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23269,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2649687/0/en/Ensurge-Micropower-ASA-Updated-Financial-Calendar-New-date-for-Annual-Report.html,Ensurge Micropower ASA - Updated Financial Calendar: New date for Annual Report,"Reference is made to the announcement by Ensurge Micropower ASA (the ""Company"") on 20 February 2023  wherein the Company announced the Financial Calendar for the financial Year 2023.","Reference is made to the announcement by Ensurge Micropower ASA (the ""Company"") on 20 February 2023  wherein the Company announced the Financial Calendar for the financial Year 2023.The Annual Report for 2022 will be published on 27 April 2023 (earlier communicated date: 20 April 2023).Contact Ståle Bjørnstad - Investor Relations E-mail: stale.bjornstad@ensurge.com (mailto:stale.bjornstad@ensurge.com) Phone: +47 99 16 76 72This information is published in accordance with the requirements of the Continuing Obligations in Euronext Oslo Børs Rule Book II.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Ensurge Micropower ASA', 'Financial Calendar', 'New date', 'Annual Report', 'Euronext Oslo Børs Rule Book II', 'Ståle Bjørnstad', 'Ensurge Micropower ASA', 'earlier communicated date', 'Financial Calendar', 'financial Year', 'Annual Report', 'Investor Relations', 'Continuing Obligations', 'Reference', 'announcement', 'Company', '20 February', 'The', '27 April', '20 April', 'Contact', 'mail', 'stale', 'bjornstad', 'Phone', 'information', 'accordance', 'requirements']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23270,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARMING-GROUP-N-V-12738425/news/Pharming-N-Notice-of-First-Quarter-2023-Results-43536891/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Pharming N : Notice of First Quarter 2023 Results,(marketscreener.com)   Notice of First Quarter 2023 Results   Leiden  The Netherlands  April 19  2023: Pharming Group N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam:   PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) confirms it will announce first quarter 2023 financial results for the month ended Ma…,"Notice of First Quarter 2023 ResultsLeiden  The Netherlands  April 19  2023: Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam:PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) confirms it will announce first quarter 2023 financial results for the month ended March 31  2023 on Thursday  May 11  2023.Pharming will host a presentation for analysts and investors at 13:30 CET/08:30 ET on May 11  2023.Dial in details for the presentation are detailed below.Webcast Link:https://webcast.openbriefing.com/pharming1q23/Conference Call Dial-in Details:Netherlands: +31 85 888 7233United Kingdom (Local): +44 20 3936 2999United Kingdom (Toll-Free): +44 808 189 0158United States (Local): +1 646 664 1960United States (Toll-Free): +1 855 979 6654Global Dial-In NumbersAccess Code: 598957About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.comand find us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['First Quarter 2023 Results', 'Pharming N', 'Notice', 'Global Dial-In Numbers Access Code', 'first quarter 2023 financial results', 'First Quarter 2023 Results Leiden', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'protein replacement therapies', 'gene therapies', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Webcast Link', 'Conference Call', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'public information', 'The Netherlands', 'Notice', 'April', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'month', 'March', 'Thursday', 'presentation', 'analysts', 'investors', '13:30 CET', 'May', 'details', 'Local', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23271,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/asml-reports-6-7-billion-050000122.html,ASML reports €6.7 billion net sales and €2.0 billion net income in Q1 2023,ASML reports €6.7 billion net sales and €2.0 billion net income in Q1 2023Sales growth expectations for 2023 unchanged VELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  April 19  ...,"ASML Netherlands BVASML reports €6.7 billion net sales and €2.0 billion net income in Q1 2023Sales growth expectations for 2023 unchangedVELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  April 19  2023 – today ASML Holding NV (ASML) has published its 2023 first-quarter results.Q1 net sales of €6.7 billion  gross margin of 50.6%  net income of €2.0 billionQuarterly net bookings in Q1 of €3.8 billion 2 of which €1.6 billion is EUVASML expects Q2 2023 net sales between €6.5 billion and €7.0 billion and a gross margin between 50% and 51%ASML expects 2023 net sales to grow over 25% compared to 2022(Figures in millions of euros unless otherwise indicated) Q4 2022 Q1 2023 Net sales 6 430 6 746 ...of which Installed Base Management sales 1 1 682 1 404 New lithography systems sold (units) 95 96 Used lithography systems sold (units) 11 4 Net bookings 2 6 316 3 752 Gross profit 3 311 3 413 Gross margin (%) 51.5 50.6 Net income 1 817 1 956 EPS (basic; in euros) 4.60 4.96 End-quarter cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments 7 376 6 653(1) Installed Base Management sales equals our net service and field option sales(2) Net bookings include all system sales orders and inflation related adjustments  for which written authorizations have been accepted.Numbers have been rounded for readers' convenience. A complete summary of US GAAP Consolidated Statements of Operations is published on www.asml.comCEO statement and outlook""Our first-quarter net sales came in at €6.7 billion with a gross margin of 50.6% – both above our guidance due to higher than expected EUV and DUV revenue from faster installation and earlier acceptance of systems in the quarter.""We continue to see mixed signals on demand from the different end-market segments as the industry works to bring inventory to more healthy levels. Some major customers are making further adjustments to demand timing while we also see other customers absorbing this demand change  particularly in DUV at more mature nodes. The overall demand still exceeds our capacity for this year and we currently have a backlog of over €38.9 billion. Our focus continues to be on maximizing system output.Story continues""We expect second-quarter net sales between €6.5 billion and €7.0 billion with a gross margin between 50% and 51%. ASML expects R&D costs of around €990 million and SG&A costs of around €275 million For 2023  ASML expects continued strong growth with a net sales increase of over 25% and a slight improvement in gross margin  relative to 2022 "" said ASML President and Chief Executive Officer Peter Wennink.Update share buyback program and dividend proposalIn the first quarter we purchased around €400 million worth of shares under the current 2022-2025 program.ASML intends to declare a total dividend for the year 2022 of €5.80 per ordinary share  which is a 5.5% increase compared to 2021. Recognizing the three interim dividends of €1.37 per ordinary share each paid in 2022 and 2023  this leads to a final dividend proposal to the Annual General Meeting of €1.69 per ordinary share.Details of the share buyback program as well as transactions pursuant thereto  and details of the dividend proposal are published on ASML's website (www.asml.com/investors).Media Relations contacts Investor Relations contacts Monique Mols +31 6 5284 4418 Skip Miller +1 480 235 0934 Sarah de Crescenzo +1 925 899 8985 Marcel Kemp +31 40 268 6494 Karen Lo +886 939788635 Peter Cheang +886 3 659 6771Quarterly video interview and investor callWith this press release  ASML has published a video interview in which CFO Roger Dassen discusses the 2023 first-quarter results and outlook for 2023. This video and the transcript can be viewed on www.asml.com.An investor call for both investors and the media will be hosted by CEO Peter Wennink and CFO Roger Dassen on April 19  2023 at 15:00 Central European Time / 09:00 US Eastern Time. Details can be found on our website.About ASMLASML is a leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. The company provides chipmakers with hardware  software and services to mass produce the patterns of integrated circuits (microchips). Together with its partners  ASML drives the advancement of more affordable  more powerful  more energy-efficient microchips. ASML enables groundbreaking technology to solve some of humanity's toughest challenges  such as in healthcare  energy use and conservation  mobility and agriculture. ASML is a multinational company headquartered in Veldhoven  the Netherlands  with offices across Europe  the US and Asia. Every day  ASML’s more than 40 500 employees (FTE) challenge the status quo and push technology to new limits. ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. Discover ASML – our products  technology and career opportunities – at www.asml.com.US GAAP Financial ReportingASML's primary accounting standard for quarterly earnings releases and annual reports is US GAAP  the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Quarterly US GAAP consolidated statements of operations  consolidated statements of cash flows and consolidated balance sheets are available on www.asml.com.The consolidated balance sheets of ASML Holding N.V. as of April 2  2023  the related consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of cash flows for the quarter and three months ended April 2  2023 as presented in this press release are unaudited.Regulated informationThis press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Forward Looking StatementsThis document and related discussions contain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including statements with respect to plans  strategies  expected trends  including trends in semiconductor end markets and technology industry and business environment trends  statements with respect to demand and capacity  plans to increase capacity and capacity goals  outlook  backlog  bookings and orders  expected financial results  including expected growth in sales and gross margin for 2023 and expected net sales  gross margin  R&D costs  SG&A costs for Q2 2023 and estimated annualized effective tax rate for Q2 and full year 2023  expected system shipments in 2023  statements made at our 2022 Investor Day including revenue and gross margin opportunity for 2025 and 2030  statements with respect to fast shipments including estimates of amounts of deferred revenue not yet recognized and expected timing of recognition of such deferred revenue for fast shipments  expected customer demand trends  statements with respect to export control policy and regulations and expected impact on us  statements with respect to capital allocation policy including plans to return significant amounts of cash thought growing dividends and buybacks and statements with respect to the final 2022 dividend and statements with respect to share buyback programs  aim to improve performance on ESG sustainability and upgrade ESG sustainability strategy and other non-historical statements. You can generally identify these statements by the use of words like ""may""  ""will""  ""could""  ""should""  ""project""  ""believe""  ""anticipate""  ""expect""  ""plan""  ""estimate""  ""forecast""  ""potential""  ""intend""  ""continue""  ""target""  ""future""  ""progress""  ""goal"" and variations of these words or comparable words. These statements are not historical facts  but rather are based on current expectations  estimates  assumptions and projections about our business and our future financial results and readers should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and involve a number of substantial known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  economic conditions  product demand and semiconductor equipment industry capacity  worldwide demand and manufacturing capacity utilization for semiconductors  trends in the semi-conductor industry  the impact of general economic conditions including the impact of the current macroeconomic uncertainty in the market and in consumer confidence  inflation  interest rates  geopolitical developments  the risk of a recession  demand for our customers' products  performance of our systems  the impact of COVID-19 and other pandemics and measures taken to contain them  the impact of the Russian military actions in the Ukraine and measures taken in response on the global economy and global financial markets and other factors that may impact ASML's financial results  including semiconductor inventory levels  customer demand including changes in demand for semiconductors and lithography tools  ASML's ability to obtain parts and components for its products and otherwise meet demand  the success of technology advances and the pace of new product development and customer acceptance of and demand for new products  production capacity and our ability to meet demand  the impact of inflation  the number and timing of systems ordered  shipped and recognized in revenue  and the risk of order cancellation or push outs  supply chain capacity and constraints and logistics and constraints on our ability to produce systems to meet demand  the timing of recognition of deferred revenue from fast shipments and impact on our results  our ability to enforce patents and protect intellectual property rights and the outcome of intellectual property disputes and litigation  availability of raw materials  critical manufacturing equipment and qualified employees  trade environment  import/export and national security regulations and orders and their impact on us including the expected impact of recent and expected changes in export regulations  changes in exchange and tax rates  available liquidity and liquidity requirements  our ability to refinance our indebtedness  available cash and distributable reserves for  and other factors impacting  dividend payments and share repurchases  results of the share repurchase programs  our ability to meet ESG goals and improve performance on ESG Sustainability and upgrade ESG strategy and other risks indicated in the risk factors included in ASML's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 and other filings with and submissions to the US Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this document. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report or to conform such statements to actual results or revised expectations  except as required by law.Attachments",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.48,0.28,0.24,True,English,"['€6.7 billion net sales', '€2.0 billion net income', 'ASML', 'Q1', 'Chief Executive Officer Peter Wennink', 'Quarterly US GAAP consolidated statements', 'US GAAP Financial Reporting', 'powerful, more energy-efficient microchips', 'CEO Peter Wennink', 'quarterly earnings releases', '09:00 US Eastern Time', 'different end-market segments', 'R&D costs', 'SG&A costs', 'current 2022-2025 program', 'three interim dividends', 'Sarah de Crescenzo', 'CFO Roger Dassen', '15:00 Central European Time', 'Base Management sales', 'field option sales', 'Annual General Meeting', 'primary accounting standard', 'share buyback program', '€6.7 billion net sales', 'Q2 2023 net sales', 'second-quarter net sales', 'Quarterly net bookings', 'Sales growth expectations', 'system sales orders', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'inflation related adjustments', 'Media Relations contacts', 'Quarterly video interview', '€2.0 billion net income', 'first-quarter net sales', 'net sales increase', 'final dividend proposal', 'ASML Holding NV', 'Q1 net sales', 'New lithography systems', 'ASML Netherlands BV', 'Peter Cheang', 'net service', 'CEO statement', 'system output', 'strong growth', 'new limits', 'annual reports', 'accounting principles', 'ordinary share', '2023 first-quarter results', 'total dividend', 'investor call', 'gross margin', 'Gross profit', 'End-quarter cash', 'cash equivalents', 'short-term investments', 'written authorizations', ""readers' convenience"", 'complete summary', 'faster installation', 'earlier acceptance', 'mixed signals', 'healthy levels', 'major customers', 'other customers', 'mature nodes', 'slight improvement', '€400 million worth', 'Monique Mols', 'Skip Miller', 'Marcel Kemp', 'Karen Lo', 'press release', 'leading supplier', 'integrated circuits', 'toughest challenges', 'energy use', 'status quo', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'career opportunities', 'United States', 'demand timing', 'demand change', 'overall demand', 'DUV revenue', 'first quarter', 'semiconductor industry', 'multinational company', 'groundbreaking technology', 'ASML President', '5.5% increase', 'VELDHOVEN', 'April', 'EUV', 'Figures', 'millions', 'euros', 'units', 'Numbers', 'Operations', 'www', 'guidance', 'inventory', 'capacity', 'year', 'backlog', 'focus', 'Story', 'Update', 'shares', 'Details', 'transactions', 'website', 'investors', 'transcript', 'chipmakers', 'hardware', 'software', 'services', 'patterns', 'partners', 'advancement', 'humanity', 'healthcare', 'conservation', 'mobility', 'agriculture', 'offices', 'Asia', '40,500 employees', 'FTE', 'NASDAQ', 'symbol', 'products', 'America']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23272,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BE-SEMICONDUCTOR-INDUSTRI-6318/news/BE-Semiconductor-Industries-N-Announces-2023-First-Quarter-Conference-Call-and-Webcast-Details-43545065/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,BE Semiconductor Industries N : Announces 2023 First Quarter Conference Call and Webcast Details,(marketscreener.com)   Press Releases  19 Apr 2023   BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. Announces 2023 First Quarter Conference Call and Webcast Details    Duiven  the Netherlands  April 19  2023 - BE Semiconductor Industries N.V.     a leading manufa…,"Press Releases 19 Apr 2023 BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. Announces 2023 First Quarter Conference Call and Webcast DetailsDuiven  the Netherlands  April 19  2023 - BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. (""the Company"" or ""Besi"")  (Euronext Amsterdam: BESI; OTC: BESIY)  a leading manufacturer of assembly equipment for the semiconductor industry  will release its results for the first quarter ended March 31  2023  on Wednesday April 26  2023 at 7.00 a.m. CET (1.00 a.m. EDT).A conference call to discuss the Company's 2023 first quarter results will be held on Wednesday April 26  2023  at 4.00 pm CET (10.00 am EDT).Interested parties can pre-register using this link to receive the dial-in number and a personal PIN which are required to get access to the conference call. The audio webcast can be accessed via: www.besi.com  where also a replay will be available shortly after the call.To read the full version of this press release  please download the PDF file.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['BE Semiconductor Industries N', '2023 First Quarter Conference Call', 'Webcast Details', 'BE Semiconductor Industries N.V.', '2023 First Quarter Conference Call', 'Webcast Details Duiven', '2023 first quarter results', 'semiconductor industry', 'audio webcast', 'Press Releases', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'leading manufacturer', 'assembly equipment', 'Interested parties', 'personal PIN', 'full version', 'PDF file', 'Wednesday April', 'Netherlands', 'Company', 'BESI', 'OTC', 'March', 'link', 'dial', 'number', 'access', 'replay', '7.00', '4.00']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23273,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2650433/0/en/Natalie-Knight-to-Join-Stellantis-as-Chief-Financial-Officer.html,Natalie Knight to Join Stellantis as Chief Financial Officer,Natalie Knight to Join Stellantis as Chief Financial Officer  AMSTERDAM  April 19  2023 - Stellantis N.V. is pleased to announce that Natalie Knight...,Natalie Knight to Join Stellantis as Chief Financial OfficerAMSTERDAM  April 19  2023 - Stellantis N.V. is pleased to announce that Natalie Knight will join the Company as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  replacing Richard Palmer  on July 10  2023  at the latest. Natalie Knight currently serves as Chief Financial Offer at Ahold Delhaize  a leading global food retailer headquartered in the Netherlands.Prior to joining Ahold Delhaize in early 2020  Natalie Knight was the CFO at Arla Foods in Denmark  and held several senior finance positions during her 17 years at adidas AG in Germany and the U.S.  after Investor Relations roles at BASF and Bankgesellschaft Berlin. Natalie Knight graduated from the University of Arizona in the U.S. and Freie Universität in Berlin  Germany  followed by executive leadership programs at INSEAD in France and St. Gallen University in Switzerland.“I’m delighted to have Natalie join Stellantis. She has worked across several industries in both the U.S. and Europe ” said Carlos Tavares  Stellantis CEO. “With her experience and demonstrated business transformation leadership  including a clear ESG focus  she is exactly the right leader to continue accelerating Stellantis’ Dare Forward 2030 strategy. I’m convinced that she will play a strategic role in setting the new impetus and unleashing the great potential of Stellantis’ value.”Natalie Knight will be based in the Auburn Hills  Michigan office with extensive travel to Europe and the other regions.Richard Palmer  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  plans to leave Stellantis on June 30  2023  to ensure a smooth handover  after a distinguished 20-year career with the Company.“On behalf of all Stellantis employees and our Board of Directors  I want to extend our gratitude to Richard ” said Carlos Tavares. “Carrying over from Richard’s successful history with FCA  he has significantly contributed to the success of the merger to form Stellantis and to its integration over the past two years. We wish Richard the very best for the future and in any new challenges that await him.”# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@StellantisStellantisStellantisStellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['Chief Financial Officer', 'Natalie Knight', 'Stellantis', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'leading global food retailer', 'several senior finance positions', 'Stellantis’ Dare Forward 2030 strategy', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Executive Vice President', 'Chief Financial Offer', 'Investor Relations roles', 'Freie Universität', 'executive leadership programs', 'business transformation leadership', 'clear ESG focus', 'Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis', 'St. Gallen University', 'past two years', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'mobility provider', 'several industries', 'leading automakers', 'Citroën', 'Stellantis CEO', 'Stellantis employees', 'Ahold Delhaize', 'Arla Foods', 'adidas AG', 'U.S.', 'Carlos Tavares', 'right leader', 'strategic role', 'new impetus', 'great potential', 'Auburn Hills', 'Michigan office', 'extensive travel', 'other regions', 'smooth handover', '20-year career', 'successful history', 'new challenges', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'Natalie Knight', 'Stellantis’ value', 'Bankgesellschaft Berlin', 'Richard Palmer', 'Nathalie ROUSSEL', '17 years', 'AMSTERDAM', 'April', 'July', 'Netherlands', 'CFO', 'Denmark', 'Germany', 'BASF', 'Arizona', 'INSEAD', 'France', 'Switzerland', 'Europe', 'experience', 'June', 'behalf', 'Board', 'Directors', 'gratitude', 'FCA', 'merger', 'integration', 'future', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'fernao', 'Attachment']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23274,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CGG-4653/news/CGG-Announces-its-Q1-Financial-Results-on-Wednesday-May-3rd-2023-after-Markets-Close-43536962/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,CGG Announces its Q1 Financial Results on Wednesday May 3rd  2023 after Markets Close,(marketscreener.com) PARIS  France April 19th  2023 First Quarter 2023 financial results and conference call CGG will announce its first quarter 2023 financial results and host a question & answer session on Wednesday May 3rd  2023 after the close of the mark…,PARIS  France April 19th  2023First Quarter 2023 financial results and conference callCGG will announce its first quarter 2023 financial results and host a question & answer session on Wednesday May 3rd  2023 after the close of the markets.The press release and the presentation will be made available on our website www.cgg.com at 5:45 pm (CET).An English language analysts conference call is scheduled the same day at 6.30 pm (CET).Participants should register for the call here to receive a dial-in number and code or participate in the live webcast from here.A replay of the conference call will be made available the day after for a period of 12 months in audio format on the Company's website www.cgg.com.About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 300 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Q1 Financial Results', 'CGG', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'Markets', 'An English language analysts conference call', 'First Quarter 2023 financial results', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'answer session', 'Wednesday May', 'press release', 'same day', 'live webcast', 'audio format', 'global technology', 'HPC leader', 'Earth science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'data science', 'Christophe Barnini', 'France', 'April', 'CGG', 'question', 'close', 'markets', 'presentation', 'website', 'CET', 'Participants', 'number', 'code', 'replay', 'period', '12 months', 'Company', 'products', 'services', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'clients', 'environmental', '3,300 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '5:45', '6.30']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23275,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORFARMERS-N-V-27753904/news/ForFarmers-convenes-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders-on-5-June-2023-43544873/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,ForFarmers convenes Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 5 June  2023,(marketscreener.com) Lochem  19 April 2023 ForFarmers convenes Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 5 June  2023 ForFarmers N.V. announces that an Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders will be held on Monday 5 June  2023  starting at 11.00…,Lochem  19 April 2023ForFarmers convenes Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 5 June  2023ForFarmers N.V. announces that an Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders will be held on Monday 5 June  2023  starting at 11.00 am (CET) at the offices of ForFarmers N.V.  Kwinkweerd 12  7241 CW (Twentezaal) in relation to the appointment of Rob Kiers as member of the Executive Board (COO). The convocation announcement and the agenda and explanatory notes to the agenda are available via the corporate website of ForFarmers ( www.forfarmersgroup.eu/en ) under Investors/General Meeting of Shareholders.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Notes to editor:For more information please contact:Caroline Vogelzang  Director Investor Relations  M: +31 6 10 94 91 61E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euCompany profileForFarmers N.V. (Lochem  the Netherlands) is an international organisation that provides complete and innovative feed solutions for conventional and organic livestock farming. With its “For the Future of Farming” mission  ForFarmers is committed to the continuity of farming and to further increasing the sustainability of the agricultural sector.With annual sales of around 9 million tons of animal feed  ForFarmers is a prominent player in Europe. The company is active in the Netherlands  Germany  Belgium  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has approximately 2 500 employees. In 2022  the turnover amounted to approximately €3.3 billion.ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.15,0.85,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'ForFarmers', 'Shareholders', '5 June', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Director Investor Relations', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'innovative feed solutions', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'organic livestock farming', 'Investors/General Meeting', 'animal feed', 'Rob Kiers', 'Executive Board', 'convocation announcement', 'corporate website', 'press release', 'international organisation', 'agricultural sector', 'annual sales', '9 million tons', 'prominent player', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Monday 5 June', 'explanatory notes', 'Company profile', 'inside information', 'Caroline Vogelzang', 'Lochem', '19 April', 'Shareholders', 'CET', 'offices', 'Kwinkweerd', '7241 CW', 'Twentezaal', 'appointment', 'member', 'COO', 'agenda', 'meaning', 'Article', 'editor', 'Netherlands', 'complete', 'conventional', 'Future', 'mission', 'continuity', 'sustainability', 'Europe', 'Germany', 'Belgium', 'Poland', '2,500 employees', 'turnover', '11.00', '31']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23276,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2649696/0/en/Scatec-ASA-Ex-dividend-NOK-1-94-today.html,Scatec ASA - Ex. dividend NOK 1.94 today,Issuer: Scatec ASA    Ex. date: 19 April 2023    Dividend amount: 1.94 per share    Announced currency: NOK    Payment date: 11 May 2023    This......,Issuer: Scatec ASAEx. date: 19 April 2023Dividend amount: 1.94 per shareAnnounced currency: NOKPayment date: 11 May 2023This information is published in accordance with the requirements of the Euronext Issuer Rules.For further information  please contact:Andreas Austrell  VP Investor Relations  ir@scatec.comAbout ScatecScatec is a leading renewable energy solutions provider  accelerating access to reliable and affordable clean energy emerging markets. As a long-term player  we develop  build  own  and operate renewable energy plants  with 4.6 GW in operation and under construction across four continents today. We are committed to grow our renewable energy capacity  delivered by our close to 800 passionate employees and partners who are driven by a common vision of ‘Improving our Future’. Scatec is headquartered in Oslo  Norway and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol ‘SCATC’. To learn more  visit www.scatec.com or connect with us on LinkedIn .This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Scatec ASA', 'Ex. dividend', 'affordable clean energy emerging markets', 'leading renewable energy solutions provider', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'renewable energy plants', 'renewable energy capacity', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Euronext Issuer Rules', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Ex. date', 'Dividend amount', 'Payment date', 'Andreas Austrell', 'long-term player', 'four continents', 'close to', '800 passionate employees', 'common vision', 'ticker symbol', 'disclosure requirements', 'Scatec ASA', '19 April', 'share', 'currency', 'NOK', '11 May', 'information', 'accordance', 'access', 'reliable', '4.6 GW', 'operation', 'construction', 'partners', 'Future', 'Norway', 'SCATC', 'LinkedIn', 'Section']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23277,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2649678/0/en/CGG-Announces-its-Q1-Financial-Results-on-Wednesday-May-3rd-2023-after-Markets-Close.html,CGG Announces its Q1 Financial Results on Wednesday May 3rd  2023 after Markets Close,PARIS  France April 19th  2023       First Quarter 2023 financial results and conference call        CGG will announce its first quarter 2023 financial......,English FrenchPARIS  France April 19th  2023First Quarter 2023 financial results and conference callCGG will announce its first quarter 2023 financial results and host a question & answer session on Wednesday May 3rd  2023 after the close of the markets.The press release and the presentation will be made available on our website www.cgg.com at 5:45 pm (CET).An English language analysts conference call is scheduled the same day at 6.30 pm (CET).Participants should register for the call here to receive a dial-in number and code or participate in the live webcast from here.A replay of the conference call will be made available the day after for a period of 12 months in audio format on the Company's website www.cgg.com.About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 300 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Q1 Financial Results', 'CGG', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'Markets', 'An English language analysts conference call', 'First Quarter 2023 financial results', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'English French', 'answer session', 'Wednesday May', 'press release', 'same day', 'live webcast', 'audio format', 'global technology', 'HPC leader', 'Earth science', 'data science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'Christophe Barnini', 'France', 'April', 'CGG', 'question', 'close', 'markets', 'presentation', 'website', 'CET', 'Participants', 'number', 'code', 'replay', 'period', '12 months', 'Company', 'products', 'services', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'clients', 'environmental', '3,300 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '5:45', '6.30']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23278,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2650370/0/en/ForFarmers-convenes-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders-on-5-June-2023.html,ForFarmers convenes Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 5 June  2023,Lochem  19 April 2023       ForFarmers convenes Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 5 June  2023            ForFarmers N.V. announces that...,English DutchLochem  19 April 2023ForFarmers convenes Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 5 June  2023ForFarmers N.V. announces that an Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders will be held on Monday 5 June  2023  starting at 11.00 am (CET) at the offices of ForFarmers N.V.  Kwinkweerd 12  7241 CW (Twentezaal) in relation to the appointment of Rob Kiers as member of the Executive Board (COO). The convocation announcement and the agenda and explanatory notes to the agenda are available via the corporate website of ForFarmers ( www.forfarmersgroup.eu/en ) under Investors/General Meeting of Shareholders.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Notes to editor:For more information please contact:Caroline Vogelzang  Director Investor Relations  M: +31 6 10 94 91 61E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euCompany profileForFarmers N.V. (Lochem  the Netherlands) is an international organisation that provides complete and innovative feed solutions for conventional and organic livestock farming. With its “For the Future of Farming” mission  ForFarmers is committed to the continuity of farming and to further increasing the sustainability of the agricultural sector.With annual sales of around 9 million tons of animal feed  ForFarmers is a prominent player in Europe. The company is active in the Netherlands  Germany  Belgium  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has approximately 2 500 employees. In 2022  the turnover amounted to approximately €3.3 billion.ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'ForFarmers', 'Shareholders', '5 June', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Director Investor Relations', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'innovative feed solutions', 'English Dutch Lochem', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'organic livestock farming', 'Investors/General Meeting', 'animal feed', 'Rob Kiers', 'Executive Board', 'convocation announcement', 'corporate website', 'press release', 'international organisation', 'agricultural sector', 'annual sales', '9 million tons', 'prominent player', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Monday 5 June', 'explanatory notes', 'Company profile', 'inside information', 'Caroline Vogelzang', '19 April', 'Shareholders', 'offices', 'Kwinkweerd', '7241 CW', 'Twentezaal', 'appointment', 'member', 'COO', 'agenda', 'meaning', 'Article', 'editor', 'Netherlands', 'complete', 'conventional', 'Future', 'mission', 'continuity', 'sustainability', 'Europe', 'Germany', 'Belgium', 'Poland', '2,500 employees', 'turnover', '11.00', '31']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23279,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vivoryon-therapeutics-n-v-reports-050000924.html,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. Reports Full Year 2022 Financial Results and Highlights Operational Progress,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. Reports Full Year 2022 Financial Results and Highlights Operational Progress Significantly advanced varoglutamstat EU and U.S...,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. Reports Full Year 2022 Financial Results and Highlights Operational ProgressSignificantly advanced varoglutamstat EU and U.S. clinical studies  VIVIAD and VIVA-MIND  providing promising initial safety dataBoth VIVIAD and VIVA-MIND studies on track; final data from VIVIAD expected in 1Q2024 and clinical update on VIVA-MIND expected in 2H2023Bolstered financial position with two successful private placements to support ongoing clinical development totaling EUR 36 million with option for up to additional EUR 15 millionManagement to host conference call today at 3:00 pm CEST (9:00 am EDT)Halle (Saale) / Munich  Germany  April 19  2023 – Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: VVY; NL00150002Q7) (Vivoryon)  a clinical stage company focused on the discovery and development of small molecule medicines to modulate the activity and stability of pathologically altered proteins  today announced financial results for the twelve-month period ended December 31  2022  and provided an update on its corporate progress. The report is available on the Company's website https://www.vivoryon.com/investors-news/financial-information/“We continue to solidify our position as leaders in developing novel treatments for Alzheimer’s disease by following differentiating science to thoughtfully inform the design of our clinical trials. Our progress in 2022 underlines our dedication as we continued to advance both VIVIAD and VIVA-MIND  while optimizing their design based on meaningful findings both from varoglutamstat and the broader AD treatment landscape ” said Dr. Ulrich Dauer  CEO of Vivoryon. “In parallel  we’ve strengthened our financial position with two successful private placements  welcoming in new investors while also receiving continued support from existing investors. Our extended cash runway enables Vivoryon to continue executing against our pipeline goals and we are incredibly pleased with the progress we’ve already made in 2023. We are driven by our passion for developing small molecule-based medicines with a focus on alleviating disease burden in more ways than just addressing symptoms  such as ease of administration. We look forward to upcoming inflection points later this year for our VIVA-MIND trial in the U.S. and early next year for the final data from our VIVIAD study.”Story continues2022 and Post-Period Portfolio HighlightsVaroglutamstat Clinical Program:VIVIADVIVIAD (NCT04498650) is a state-of-the-art Phase 2b study being conducted in Europe and designed to evaluate the safety  tolerability  and efficacy of varoglutamstat in 250 subjects with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and mild Alzheimer’s disease (AD).In June 2022  Vivoryon announced that it had completed the parallel group  dose-finding part of its VIVIAD study and that the independent Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) selected the highest dose investigated  600 mg twice daily (BID)  as the final dose to be administered in the second part of the study.At the Alzheimer’s Association International Conference (AAIC) in San Diego (July 31 to August 4  2022)  Vivoryon presented detailed safety data from the VIVIAD study showing that varoglutamstat was well-tolerated at 600 mg BID.In November 2022  Vivoryon announced enrollment was completed and the study was adapted to enable longer average treatment duration of participants (anticipated average treatment duration ~82 weeks).In March 2023  Vivoryon announced an update on the clinical development of varoglutamstat  including the VIVIAD trial  at the International Conference on Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s Diseases and related neurological disorders (AD/PD) in Gothenburg  Sweden. As of the data cut-off date of January 5  2023  over 100 of the 259 participants randomized into the VIVIAD study had been treated for at least 48 weeks. Varoglutamstat showed no on-target toxicity and no clinical signs of brain swelling or hemorrhages (ARIA)  which are a limiting class side effect of Abeta antibodies and has been well-tolerated in the study to date  with a low number of adverse events (AEs)  serious adverse events (SAEs)  and treatment emergent adverse events (TEAEs) observed. Both the total number of SAEs and the discontinuation rate were considerably lower than the respective numbers at the 800 mg BID varoglutamstat dose in Vivoryon’s completed Phase 2a SAPHIR study  while retaining a similar level of target inhibition (around 90%) at the dosing in both studies.Vivoryon remains on track to report the final data readout from the VIVIAD study in the first quarter of 2024.VIVA-MINDVIVA-MIND (NCT03919162) is a complementary Phase 2 study for varoglutamstat conducted in the U.S. which seeks to enroll 180 patients with early AD into the Phase 2a adaptive dose finding portion and enroll a further 234 patients in the Phase 2b portion of the study.In November 2022  Vivoryon announced the study design had been adapted to enable all 180 patients to be treated for at least 72 weeks  allowing for the opportunity to progress seamlessly to a potential Phase 3 study  possibly including further patients beyond the currently planned 414.In March 2023  Vivoryon provided an update on the VIVA-MIND study  which is ongoing and continuing to recruit patients at 18 sites across the U.S. The study’s independent DSMB recently provided a unanimous recommendation to continue the study without modification. The Company anticipates a decision on final trial size following the data readout of the VIVIAD study.Vivoryon expects the first cohort to be fully randomized into the study within the second quarter of this year and plans to provide the next update on the VIVA-MIND study in the second half of 2023.Preclinical Programs:At the AAIC (July 31 to August 4  2022)  Vivoryon presented preclinical data on the Company’s N3pE amyloid-targeting molecules. The results underscore the unique potential of Vivoryon’s N3pE amyloid-targeting therapeutic strategy in both mono- and combination therapy settings in AD. The data showed that a combination treatment of aducanumab and varoglutamstat achieves additive effect on Abeta pathology  indicating feasibility of dose reduction to improve safety of Abeta antibody-based AD treatments. This demonstrates the potential benefit of a combination therapy designed to simultaneously make use of two different and independent molecular N3pE-related mode of actions  small molecule based QPCT/L inhibition and anti-N3pE-immunotherapy. Additional data from murine analog of PBD-C06 highlight the differentiated safety profile vs. other anti-Abeta antibodies at N3pE amyloid-lowering concentrations.In October 2022  Nature Communications issued a joint publication of Vivoryon and Fraunhofer IZI and Monash University  Melbourne  Australia  titled  “Helical ultrastructure of the metalloprotease meprin α in complex with a small molecule inhibitor.” The article outlined the protein’s involvement in tissue homeostasis by influencing inflammation  immunity and extracellular matrix remodeling. Dysregulation of this protein family leads to many severe diseases  many of which are addressed by Vivoryon’s pipeline  including acute kidney injury  inflammatory disease  in addition to some cancers. Deepening Vivoryon’s understanding of meprin α’s structure will strongly support the Company’s research and development program for selective and highly potent small molecule meprin inhibitors.Corporate Development HighlightsIn February 2022  Vivoryon and its partner  Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Ltd (“Simcere”)  announced that China's Center for Drug Evaluation (CDE) of National Medical Products Administration (NMPA) approved the Clinical Trial Application (CTA) for varoglutamstat for the development in Greater China by Simcere. Simcere is fully responsible for the further development and marketing within Greater China region.In April 2022  Vivoryon announced that it had successfully completed a private placement by way of accelerated book building  raising gross proceeds ofEUR 21 million. The Company placed 2 000 000 registered shares at an offering price of EUR 10.50 per share. The new shares were admitted to trading on Euronext Amsterdam on April 5  2022.In June 2022  the Company expanded and diversified its Non-Executive Board with the appointments of Claudia Riedl  PhD and Samir Shah  MD.In September 2022  the Company entered into a private placement of2 054 796 registered shares at an offering price of EUR 7.30 per share  resulting in gross proceeds of EUR 15 million. In addition  the investors have the option to purchase further shares which  if exercised in full  could raise up to an additional EUR 15 million. The private placement was supported by Vivoryon’s longstanding investor Claus Christiansen and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (“KKR”) Dawn Aggregator L.P. (“Dawn Biopharma”)  a platform controlled by affiliates of KKR  a leading global investment firm  as new investor to the Company. The private placement was closed in the fourth quarter of 2022 and the funds will support the ongoing clinical development of Vivoryon’s lead candidate varoglutamstat.Financial Results for the Full Year 2022No revenues were generated in 2022. The Company generated license revenues of EUR 10.8 million in 2021 from a regional licensing partnership with Simcere for Greater China (Mainland China  Hong Kong  Macao and Taiwan).Research and development expenses increased by EUR 2.8 million to EUR 20.2 million in the year ended December 31  2022  compared to EUR 17.5 million in the year ended December 31  2021. Third-party research and development services increased by EUR 2.5 million mainly because of EUR 1.5 million higher manufacturing costs following the Company’s risk mitigation strategy in establishing a second source for study drug supply and higher clinical costs of EUR 1.0 million mainly due to the progress of the Phase 2b clinical trial VIVIAD. Other expenses increased by EUR 0.1 million as a result of higher traveling costs.General and administrative expenses were EUR 8.9 million in 2022  compared to EUR 4.5 million in 2021. The increase of EUR 4.4 million was largely attributable to EUR 2.6 million in expensed capital raising costs  including legal and consulting fees associated with strategic and operational efforts. An additional EUR 1.7 million in costs was due to higher expenses for share based payments.Net loss for the twelve months ended December 31  2022  was EUR 28.2 million  compared to EUR 12.7 million for the twelve months ended December 31  2021. The Company held EUR 26.6 million in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31  2022  compared to EUR 14.7 million as of December 31  2021.Financial GuidanceFollowing the capital raise settled in October 2022  according to current planning and estimates  Vivoryon expects that its existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund its research and development expenses as well as the general and administrative expenses and cash flows from investing and financing activities at least through end of December 2023. This guidance does not include exercise of share options issued in October 2022  potential milestone payments from development partnerships  potential payments from licensing agreements and/or additional financing measures  as far as such payments have not yet been recognized in revenues. The financial guidance takes into account all costs to ensure sustainable study drug supply with varoglutamstat for the VIVA-MIND U.S. study.Conference Call and WebcastVivoryon will host a conference call and webcast today  April 19  2023  at 3:00 pm CEST (9:00 am EDT). A Q&A session will follow the presentation of the full year results.A live webcast and slides will be made available at: www.vivoryon.com/investors-news/news-and-events/presentations-webcasts/To join the conference call via phone  participants may pre-register and will receive dedicated dial-in details to easily and quickly access the call via the following website: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI4258c63704394e8283359d44ef59a7eaIt is suggested participants dial into the conference call 15 minutes prior to the scheduled start time to avoid any delays in attendance.Approximately one day after the call  a slide-synchronized audio replay of the conference will be available on: www.vivoryon.com/investors-news/news-and-events/presentations-webcasts/Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. Financial StatementsStatement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31  2022 and 2021in kEUR  except for share data 2022 2021 Revenue — 10 764 Cost of Sales — (1 569) Gross profit — 9 196 Research and development expenses (20 224) (17 452) General and administrative expenses (8 908) (4 549) Other operating income 19 7 Operating loss (29 113) (12 798) Finance income 1 710 967 Finance expense (952) (392) Finance result 758 575 Result before income taxes (28 355) (12 223) Income taxes 199 (432) Net loss for the period (28 156) (12 655) Items not to be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss Remeasurement of the net defined benefit pension liability 392 83 Total other comprehensive income / (loss) 392 83 Comprehensive loss (27 764) (12 572) Loss per share in EUR (basic and diluted) (1.28) (0.63)The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Statements of Financial Position as of December 31  2022 and 2021in kEUR 2022 2021 ASSETS Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 49 66 Intangible assets 494 533 Right-of-use assets 127 219 Financial assets 14 3 473 Total non-current assets 684 4 291 Current assets Financial assets 3 716 3 074 Other current assets and prepayments 423 2 494 Cash and cash equivalents 26 555 14 661 Total current assets 30 694 20 229 TOTAL ASSETS 31 378 24 520 Equity Share capital 24 105 20 050 Share premium 113 382 83 211 Other capital reserves 9 656 6 168 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (180) (572) Accumulated deficit (120 457) (92 300) Total equity 26 506 16 557 Non-current liabilities Pension liability 1 323 1 823 Provisions long-term 12 12 Lease liabilities 38 132 Other liabilities — 513 Deferred tax liabilities 234 432 Total non-current liabilities 1 607 2 912 Current liabilities Provisions — 35 Trade payables 2 543 4 360 Lease liabilities 94 92 Other liabilities 628 564 Total current liabilities 3 265 5 051 Total liabilities 4 872 7 963 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 31 378 24 520Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity for the Years Ended December 31  2022 and 2021in kEUR Share capital Share premium Other capital reserves Accumulated other compre-hensive loss Accumulated deficit Total equity January 1  2021 19 975 82 143 4 404 (655) (79 646) 26 221 Net loss for the period — — — — (12 655) (12 655) Remeasurement of the net defined benefit pension liability — — — 83 — 83 Comprehensive income / (loss) — — — 83 (12 655) (12 572) Share-based payments — — 1 763 — — 1 763 Proceeds from exercise of share options 75 1 069 — — — 1 144 December 31  2021 20 050 83 211 6 168 (572) (92 300) 16 557 Net loss for the period — — — — (28 156) (28 156) Remeasurement of the net defined benefit pension liability — — — 392 — 392 Comprehensive income / (loss) — — — 392 (28 156) (27 764) Proceeds from the issuance of common shares 4 055 31 945 — — — 36 000 Transaction costs of equity transactions — (1 774) — — — (1 774) Share-based payments — — 3 488 — — 3 488 December 31  2022 24 105 113 382 9 656 (180) (120 457) 26 506Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31  2022 and 2021in kEUR 2022 2021 Operating activities Net loss for the period (28 156) (12 655) Adjustments for: Finance result (758) (575) Depreciation and amortization 161 165 Share based payments 3 488 1 763 Capitalized capital raising costs that were expensed 2 633 — Actuarial gains / (losses) from pension liabilities 392 83 Foreign currency gain (loss) from other items than cash 373 287 Deferred income tax (199) 432 Other non-cash adjustments 61 (192) Changing in Financial assets 2 817 (6 522) Other current assets and prepayments 191 1 852 Pension liabilities (500) (158) Provisions (35) — Trade payables (1 817) 3 449 Other liabilities (449) 800 Interest received 9 21 Interest paid (5) (7) Taxes paid — — Cash flows used in operating activities (21 794) (11 257) Investing activities Purchase of plant and equipment (11) (20) Purchase of intangible assets (2) (8) Cash flows used in investing activities (13) (28) Financing activities Proceeds from the issuance of common shares 36 000 — Transaction costs of equity transactions (1 774) — Capital raising costs (753) (1 881) Payment of lease liabilities (92) (90) Proceeds from exercise of share options — 1 144 Cash flows provided by /(used in) financing activities 33 381 (827) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 11 574 (12 112) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of period 14 661 26 306 Effect of exchange rate fluctuation on cash held 320 467 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period 26 555 14 661Annual Financial Report 2022The financial statements of Vivoryon have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) of the International Accounting Standards Board  as adopted by the European Union (EU-IFRS) and with Section 2:362(9) of the Netherlands Civil Code. The auditor KPMG has issued an unqualified auditor’s report for both statements. The reports are available on the Company’s website www.vivoryon.com.###About Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Vivoryon is a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on developing innovative small molecule-based medicines. Driven by our passion for ground-breaking science and innovation  we strive to change the lives of patients in need suffering from severe diseases. We leverage our in-depth expertise in understanding post-translational modifications to develop medicines that modulate the activity and stability of proteins which are altered in disease settings. Beyond our lead program  varoglutamstat  which is in Phase 2 clinical development to treat Alzheimer’s disease  we have established a solid pipeline of orally available small molecule inhibitors for various indications including cancer  inflammatory diseases and fibrosis. www.vivoryon.comVivoryon Forward Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  those regarding the business strategy  management plans and objectives for future operations of the Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (the “Company”)  estimates and projections with respect to the market for the Company’s products and forecasts and statements as to when the Company’s products may be available. Words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “estimate ” “expect ” “forecast ” “intend ” “may ” “plan ” “project ” “predict ” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to the Company are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance; rather they are based on the Management’s current expectations and assumptions about future events and trends  the economy and other future conditions. The forward-looking statements involve a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties and other factors could materially adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements and from expectations. As a result  no undue reliance should be placed on such forward-looking statements. This press release does not contain risk factors. Certain risk factors that may affect the Company’s future financial results are discussed in the published annual financial statements of the Company. This press release  including any forward-looking statements  speaks only as of the date of this press release. The Company does not assume any obligation to update any information or forward-looking statements contained herein  save for any information required to be disclosed by law.For more information  please contact:Investor ContactStern IRJulie SeidelTel: +1 212-698-8684Email: SternIR-Vivoryon@sternir.comMedia ContactTrophic CommunicationsValeria FisherTel: +49 175 8041816Email: vivoryon@trophic.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.7,0.18,0.12,True,English,"['Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.', 'Full Year 2022 Financial Results', 'Operational Progress', 'Highlights', 'Phase 2a adaptive dose finding portion', 'Post-Period Portfolio Highlights Varoglutamstat Clinical Program', 'independent Data Safety Monitoring Board', 'two successful private placements', 'limiting class side effect', 'promising initial safety data', 'Phase 2a SAPHIR study', 'longer average treatment duration', 'Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.', 'art Phase 2b study', 'Full Year 2022 Financial Results', 'broader AD treatment landscape', 'Phase 2b portion', '800 mg BID varoglutamstat dose', 'U.S. clinical studies', 'detailed safety data', 'complementary Phase 2 study', 'small molecule medicines', 'Dr. Ulrich Dauer', 'extended cash runway', 'small molecule-based medicines', 'related neurological disorders', 'mild cognitive impairment', 'final data readout', 'serious adverse events', 'emergent adverse events', 'data cut-off date', 'ongoing clinical development', 'clinical stage company', 'final dose', 'highest dose', '600 mg BID', 'clinical trials', 'clinical signs', 'early AD', 'clinical update', 'financial position', 'varoglutamstat EU', 'conference call', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'twelve-month period', 'novel treatments', 'meaningful findings', 'new investors', 'continued support', 'existing investors', 'pipeline goals', 'upcoming inflection', 'dose-finding part', 'second part', 'International Conference', 'San Diego', 'target toxicity', 'brain swelling', 'Abeta antibodies', 'low number', 'total number', 'discontinuation rate', 'respective numbers', 'similar level', 'target inhibition', 'first quarter', 'mild Alzheimer', 'VIVA-MIND studies', 'VIVIAD study', 'Operational Progress', 'corporate progress', 'parallel group', 'VIVIAD trial', 'study design', 'disease burden', 'VIVA-MIND trial', 'track', '1Q2024', '2H2023', 'option', 'Management', 'Halle', 'Saale', 'Munich', 'Germany', 'April', 'VVY', 'discovery', 'activity', 'stability', 'proteins', 'report', 'website', 'investors-news', 'financial-information', 'leaders', 'science', 'dedication', 'CEO', 'passion', 'focus', 'ways', 'symptoms', 'administration', 'Story', 'state', 'Europe', 'tolerability', 'efficacy', '250 subjects', 'MCI', 'June', 'DSMB', 'AAIC', 'August', 'November', 'enrollment', 'participants', '82 weeks', 'March', 'Parkinson', 'Diseases', 'AD/PD', 'Gothenburg', 'Sweden', 'January', '48 weeks', 'hemorrhages', 'ARIA', 'AEs', 'dosing', '180 patients', '234 patients', '72 weeks', 'opportunity', '3:00']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23280,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INVIBES-ADVERTISING-N-V-44658586/news/Invibes-Advertising-NV-2023-2024-financial-agenda-43544703/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Invibes Advertising NV: 2023/2024 financial agenda.,(marketscreener.com) Invibes Advertising NV / Key word: Miscellaneous/MiscellaneousInvibes Advertising NV: 2023/2024 financial agenda. 19.04.2023 / 17:45 CET/CESTPress release2023/2024 financial agenda London  19 April 2023 – Invibes Ad…,Invibes Advertising NV / Key word(s): Miscellaneous/MiscellaneousInvibes Advertising NV: 2023/2024 financial agenda.19.04.2023 / 17:45 CET/CEST2023/2024 financial agendaLondon  19 April 2023 – Invibes Advertising  an advanced technology company specialising in digital advertising  today announces its financial agenda for 2023/2024: April 26  2023: 2023 Q1 revenueJuly 25  2023: 2023 half-year revenueSeptember 20  2023: 2023 half-year resultsOctober 25  2023: 2023 Q3 revenueJanuary 24  2024: 2023 full-year revenueMarch 27  2024: 2023 full-year resultsAll publications are disclosed after the close of trading.Founded on the philosophy that advertising efficiency comes from being truly innovative and naturally engaging to users  Invibes has developed an integrated technology platform for brands to reach consumers through impactful in-feed advertising.Invibes delivers advertising that creates positive attention by harnessing the power of big data  innovative in-feed formats  wide reach and extensive intelligence services.Pioneering the way in sustainable advertising  Invibes also offers a unique solution to offset campaign emissions through its Carbon-Neutral label.In order to partner with some of the greatest brands in the world  like Amazon  Bacardi  Dell  IKEA and Toyota  we rely on even greater people. At Invibes we strive to maintain an energetic  open environment that fosters a culture of ideation  growth and #GoodVibes  that shines straight through to our clients.Want to hear more about Invibes? Visit: www.invibes.comInvibes Advertising is listed on the Euronext Stock Exchange (Ticker: ALINV – ISIN: BE0974299316)Read our latest press releases at:Follow the latest news about Invibes Advertising on: LinkedIn @Invibes Advertising Twitter @Invibes_advFinancial & Corporate Contacts:Kris Vlaemynck  co-CEOkris.vlaemynck@invibes.comPress releaseAll publications are disclosed after the close of trading. About Invibes Advertising Invibes Advertising (Invibes) is an international technology company specialising in digital advertising innovation.Founded on the philosophy that advertising efficiency comes from being truly innovative and naturally engaging to users  Invibes has developed an integrated technology platform for brands to reach consumers through impactful in-feed advertising.Invibes delivers advertising that creates positive attention by harnessing the power of big data  innovative in-feed formats  wide reach and extensive intelligence services.Pioneering the way in sustainable advertising  Invibes also offers a unique solution to offset campaign emissions through its Carbon-Neutral label.In order to partner with some of the greatest brands in the world  like Amazon  Bacardi  Dell  IKEA and Toyota  we rely on even greater people. At Invibes we strive to maintain an energetic  open environment that fosters a culture of ideation  growth and #GoodVibes  that shines straight through to our clients.Want to hear more about Invibes? Visit: www.invibes.comInvibes Advertising is listed on the Euronext Stock Exchange (Ticker: ALINV – ISIN: BE0974299316)Read our latest press releases at: https://www.invibes.com/investors.html Follow the latest news about Invibes Advertising on: Additional features:File: Invibes Advertising : financial agendaEnd of Media Release,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Invibes Advertising NV', '2023/2024 financial agenda', 'advanced technology company', 'integrated technology platform', 'extensive intelligence services', 'energetic, open environment', 'Euronext Stock Exchange', 'international technology company', 'latest press releases', '2023/2024 financial agenda', 'digital advertising innovation', 'Invibes Advertising NV', 'Press releaseAll', 'latest news', 'Key word', '2023 Q1 revenue', '2023 half-year revenue', '2023 half-year results', '2023 Q3 revenue', '2023 full-year revenue', '2023 full-year results', 'advertising efficiency', 'feed advertising', 'positive attention', 'big data', 'feed formats', 'wide reach', 'sustainable advertising', 'unique solution', 'campaign emissions', 'Carbon-Neutral label', 'greater people', 'Corporate Contacts', 'Additional features', 'Media Release', 'greatest brands', 'Kris Vlaemynck', 'Miscellaneous', 'CEST', 'London', '19 April', 'July', 'September', 'October', 'January', 'March', 'publications', 'close', 'trading', 'philosophy', 'users', 'consumers', 'impactful', 'power', 'innovative', 'way', 'order', 'world', 'Amazon', 'Bacardi', 'Dell', 'IKEA', 'Toyota', 'culture', 'ideation', 'growth', 'clients', 'Visit', 'Ticker', 'ALINV', 'LinkedIn', 'CEO', 'File']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23281,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAVESTONE-45568714/news/Wavestone-Eligibility-of-Wavestone-shares-for-PEA-PME-scheme-43544915/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Wavestone :  Eligibility of Wavestone shares for PEA-PME scheme,(marketscreener.com)  Wavestone confirms that it complies with all of the PEA-PME eligibility criteria* in accordance with theL.221-32-2 article of the French Monetary and Financial Code.Accordingly  Wavestone shares remain eligible for incorporation into…,"Wavestone confirms that it complies with all of the PEA-PME eligibility criteria* in accordance with theL.221-32-2 article of the French Monetary and Financial Code.Accordingly  Wavestone shares remain eligible for incorporation into PEA-PME accounts which benefit from the same tax benefits as traditional equity savings plans (PEA).* To be eligible for the PEA-PME scheme (equity savings plan for the financing of SMEs and ETIs)  shares must have been issued by a company whose market capitalization was less than 1 billion euros at the close of at least one of the four fiscal years preceding the reference year  of which no legal person holds more than 25% of its capital  which employs less than 5 000 employees with revenue of less than 1.5 billion euros or a total balance sheet of less than 2 billion euros. These eligibility-threshold criteria must be assessed on the basis that the Company may eventually become part of a Group.About WavestoneIn a world where knowing how to drive transformation is key to success  Wavestone's mission is to inform and guide large organizations in their most critical transformations  with the aim of a positive outcome for all stakeholders. This is anchored in the firm's DNA and embodied in our overarching values  known as “The Positive Way.”Wavestone draws on 4 000 employees across Europe  Asia  and the United States  and is a leading global consultancy.Wavestone is listed on Euronext Paris  is recognized as a Great Place to Work®  and ranked in Forbes's World Best Management Consulting Firms 2022 List.WavestonePascal ImbertCEOTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00Justine BrossetFinancial CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00 ActusMathieu OmnesInvestor and Analyst RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92Deborah SchwartzPress relationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 35This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mJhtaMWcaWiXl51rkphpbpZqaWyTmWbImGbGk5Kba8ybZ2uVx5eSmMmcZnBqmWZu- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79418-wavestone_eligibilite-pea-pme_230419-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.59,0.4,0.01,True,English,"['PEA-PME scheme', 'Wavestone shares', 'Eligibility', 'World Best Management Consulting Firms 2022 List', 'traditional equity savings plans', 'L.221-32-2 article', 'same tax benefits', 'four fiscal years', 'total balance sheet', 'leading global consultancy', 'Pascal Imbert CEO', 'original press release', 'The Positive Way', 'next press releases', 'PEA-PME eligibility criteria', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Press relations', 'eligibility-threshold criteria', 'positive outcome', 'other releases', 'PEA-PME accounts', 'PEA-PME scheme', 'French Monetary', 'Financial Code', 'market capitalization', '1 billion euros', 'reference year', 'legal person', '1.5 billion euros', '2 billion euros', 'large organizations', 'critical transformations', 'overarching values', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'Great Place', 'Justine Brosset', 'Financial Communication', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Analyst Relations', 'Deborah Schwartz', 'Regulated information', 'Wavestone shares', 'accordance', 'financing', 'SMEs', 'ETIs', 'company', 'close', 'less', '5,000 employees', 'revenue', 'basis', 'part', 'Group', 'success', 'mission', 'aim', 'stakeholders', 'DNA', '4,000 employees', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Forbes', 'Tel.', 'Investor', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', '33', '1 49', '1 53']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23282,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EEMS-ITALIA-SPA-178478/news/EEMS-Italia-closes-2022-with-loss-revenues-increase-43537052/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,EEMS Italia closes 2022 with loss; revenues increase,(marketscreener.com) Eems Italia Spa announced that it has approved its main results for the year ended Dec. 31  2022  having reported a net loss of EUR2.3 million  from a loss for EUR287 000 in the same period of the previous year. Operating loss amounted to…,"(Alliance News) - Eems Italia Spa announced that it has approved its main results for the year ended Dec. 31  2022  having reported a net loss of EUR2.3 million  from a loss for EUR287 000 in the same period of the previous year.Operating loss amounted to EUR2.2 million from a loss for EUR990 000 in 2021.Operating income amounted to EUR1.4 million  up from EUR721 000 as of December 31  2021.Operating costs for the year  amounting to approximately EUR3.5 million  derived EUR1.3 million from costs related to the purchase of natural gas to operate the aforementioned supplies and the remainder for the performance of accounting  administrative  tax and legal services  including those related to the settlement of disputes.""These costs increased significantly during fiscal year 2022 strongly affected by all the activities related to the publication of the prospectus on July 1  2022  concerning the admission to trading of unlisted shares on Euronext Milan  the issuance of the new convertible bond in favor of the professional investor Negma Group Investment LTD as well as the cancellation of suspended costs related to the previous outstanding bond with the professional investor Nice & Green SA failed during the year to activities related to the implementation  definition and updating of the 2023-2027 business plan "" the company explained in a note.Ebitda is negative EUR2.1 million from a similarly negative EUR642 000 in the previous year.Ebit is negative and equal to EUR2.1 million from a negative EUR99 000 in 2021.Net financial position is EUR541 000 from one of EUR820 000 in the same period last year.Eems Italy closed Tuesday in the green by 0.4 percent to EUR0.05 per share.By Claudia Cavaliere  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",mixed,0.28,0.27,0.45,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['EEMS Italia', 'loss', 'revenues', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Negma Group Investment LTD', 'Alliance News reporter', 'new convertible bond', '2023-2027 business plan', 'Eems Italia Spa', 'Net financial position', 'previous outstanding bond', 'Eems Italy', 'main results', 'net loss', 'same period', 'Operating income', 'natural gas', 'administrative, tax', 'legal services', 'unlisted shares', 'Euronext Milan', 'professional investor', 'negative EUR99', 'Claudia Cavaliere', 'previous year', 'Operating loss', 'fiscal year', 'Green SA', 'Operating costs', 'December', 'purchase', 'supplies', 'remainder', 'performance', 'settlement', 'disputes', 'activities', 'publication', 'prospectus', 'July', 'trading', 'issuance', 'favor', 'cancellation', 'Nice', 'implementation', 'definition', 'updating', 'company', 'note', 'Ebitda', '0.4 percent', 'Comments', 'questions', 'redazione', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23283,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INVIBES-ADVERTISING-N-V-44658586/news/Invibes-Advertising-N-v-Invibes-Advertising-2023-2024-financial-agenda-43544714/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Invibes Advertising N.v. :  Invibes Advertising : 2023/2024 financial agenda.,(marketscreener.com)  Press release2023/2024 financial agendaLondon   19 April 2023 – Invibes Advertising  an advanced technology company specialising in digital advertising  today announces its financial agenda for 2023/2024:April 26  2023: 2023 Q1 rev…,"Press release2023/2024 financial agendaLondon   19 April 2023 – Invibes Advertising  an advanced technology company specialising in digital advertising  today announces its financial agenda for 2023/2024:April 26  2023: 2023 Q1 revenueJuly 25  2023: 2023 half-year revenueSeptember 20  2023: 2023 half-year resultsOctober 25  2023: 2023 Q3 revenueJanuary 24  2024: 2023 full-year revenueMarch 27  2024: 2023 full-year resultsAll publications are disclosed after the close of trading.About Invibes AdvertisingInvibes Advertising (Invibes) is an international technology company specialising in digital advertising innovation.Founded on the philosophy that advertising efficiency comes from being truly innovative and naturally engaging to users  Invibes has developed an integrated technology platform for brands to reach consumers through impactful in-feed advertising.Invibes delivers advertising that creates positive attention by harnessing the power of big data  innovative in-feed formats  wide reach and extensive intelligence services.Pioneering the way in sustainable advertising  Invibes also offers a unique solution to offset campaign emissions through its Carbon-Neutral label.In order to partner with some of the greatest brands in the world  like Amazon  Bacardi  Dell  IKEA and Toyota  we rely on even greater people. At Invibes we strive to maintain an energetic  open environment that fosters a culture of ideation  growth and #GoodVibes  that shines straight through to our clients.Want to hear more about Invibes? Visit: www.invibes.comInvibes Advertising is listed on the Euronext Stock Exchange (Ticker: ALINV – ISIN: BE0974299316)Read our latest press releases at:https://www.invibes.com/investors.htmlFollow the latest news about Invibes Advertising on:LinkedIn @Invibes Advertising Twitter @Invibes_advFinancial & Corporate Contacts:Kris Vlaemynck  co-CEOkris.vlaemynck@invibes.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lW2aaJqZZWrJyZxuYsdrb2lrZ2uSmGmZmpKemZNuaZmcaZ9pl5tmbsbKZnBqmWdt- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79427-2023-04-19-pr-invibes-advertising-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Invibes Advertising N.v.', '2023/2024 financial agenda', 'integrated technology platform', 'extensive intelligence services', 'energetic, open environment', 'Euronext Stock Exchange', 'next press releases', 'advanced technology company', 'international technology company', 'original press release', 'latest press releases', 'digital advertising innovation', '2023/2024 financial agenda', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Invibes Advertising Twitter', 'other releases', 'latest news', 'advertising efficiency', 'feed advertising', 'sustainable advertising', '2023 Q1 revenue', '2023 half-year revenue', '2023 half-year results', '2023 Q3 revenue', '2023 full-year revenue', '2023 full-year results', 'positive attention', 'big data', 'feed formats', 'wide reach', 'unique solution', 'campaign emissions', 'Carbon-Neutral label', 'greater people', 'Corporate Contacts', 'greatest brands', 'Kris Vlaemynck', 'Regulated information', 'London', '19 April', 'July', 'September', 'October', 'January', 'March', 'publications', 'close', 'trading', 'philosophy', 'users', 'consumers', 'impactful', 'power', 'innovative', 'way', 'order', 'world', 'Amazon', 'Bacardi', 'Dell', 'IKEA', 'Toyota', 'culture', 'ideation', 'growth', 'clients', 'Visit', 'Ticker', 'ALINV', 'investors', 'LinkedIn', 'CEO', 'PDF', 'email']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23284,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CNH-INDUSTRIAL-N-V-14424308/news/CNH-Industrial-N-Consolidated-Financial-Statements-Form-8-K-43546528/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,CNH Industrial N : Consolidated Financial Statements - Form 8-K,(marketscreener.com)                      CNH Industrial announces voting results of Annual General Meeting and publishes 2022 Sustainability Report  ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CNH-INDUSTRIAL-N-V-14424308/news/CNH-Ind…,"CNH Industrial announces voting results of Annual General Meeting and publishes 2022 Sustainability ReportLondon  April 14  2023Today  the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") of CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) approved the Company's 2022 EU-IFRS Annual Report (including the Consolidated Financial Statements and Separate Financial Statements of CNH Industrial N.V.) and a dividend of €0.36 per common share (equivalent to a total distribution of approximately €483 million)  and the AGM positively advised on the application of the Remuneration Policy in 2022.Suzanne Heywood and Scott W. Wine were appointed as executive directors. Elizabeth Bastoni  Howard W. Buffett  Richard J. Kramer  Karen Linehan  Alessandro Nasi  Vagn Sørensen and Åsa Tamsons were appointed as non-executive directors. In addition  Deloitte Accountants B.V. was appointed as independent auditor for the 2024 financial year.Details of all matters approved today by the AGM are available on the Company's website ( www.cnhindustrial.com ).***The dividend will be paid on May 3  2023. The outstanding common shares will be quoted ex-dividend from April 24  2023  and the record date for the dividend will be April 25  2023 on both Euronext Milan and the NYSE. Shareholders holding the Company's common shares that on the record date are traded on the NYSE will receive the dividend in U.S. dollars at the official USD/EUR exchange rate of April 20  2023 reported by the European Central Bank.***Concurrently with the AGM  the Company published its 2022 Sustainability Report. This Report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core Option and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)  the main international frameworks for sustainability reporting. It includes the previous sustainability priorities  related strategic targets and the main results achieved by CNH Industrial",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['CNH Industrial N', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'Form', 'Deloitte Accountants B.V.', 'CNH Industrial N.V.', 'Sustainability Accounting Standards Board', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Scott W. Wine', 'Howard W. Buffett', 'Richard J. Kramer', 'Vagn Sørensen', 'U.S. dollars', 'USD/EUR exchange rate', 'European Central Bank', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'Separate Financial Statements', 'previous sustainability priorities', 'main international frameworks', '2022 EU-IFRS Annual Report', 'outstanding common shares', 'GRI Standards', '2024 financial year', '2022 Sustainability Report', 'sustainability reporting', 'main results', 'voting results', 'total distribution', 'Remuneration Policy', 'Suzanne Heywood', 'executive directors', 'Elizabeth Bastoni', 'Karen Linehan', 'Alessandro Nasi', 'Åsa Tamsons', 'independent auditor', 'record date', 'Euronext Milan', 'Core Option', 'strategic targets', 'London', 'April', 'AGM', 'NYSE', 'CNHI', 'Company', 'application', 'addition', 'Details', 'matters', 'website', 'May', 'dividend', 'Shareholders', 'official', 'accordance', 'SASB']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23285,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTALIA-SA-16860996/news/Voltalia-SA-Voltalia-to-file-an-appeal-against-a-preliminary-decision-to-suspend-permits-of-the-Can-43545795/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Voltalia SA: Voltalia to file an appeal against a preliminary decision to suspend permits of the Canudos project in Brazil,(marketscreener.com) Voltalia to file an appeal against a preliminary decision to suspend permits of the Canudos project in Brazil Voltalia   an international player in renewable energy  announces  today that it is filing an appeal against a judicial prelimin…,Voltalia to file an appeal against a preliminary decision to suspend permits of the Canudos project in BrazilVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  announces  today that it is filing an appeal against a judicial preliminary decision to suspend permits of the Canudos wind farms.The Canudos project  located in the State of Bahia  is composed of two wind farms with a total capacity of 99.4 megawatts.A federal judge of Feira de Santana/BA Court made a preliminary decision to suspend the wind farms’ permits on the basis that the State of Bahia’s environmental agency implemented a procedure not applicable to a project located in a region populated with lear macaws  a Brazilan parrot. A new additional environmental study is requested  in addition to the initial studies which were performed during the environmental permitting procedure.Voltalia reaffirms that it has obtained all the legally required authorizations for the construction and operation of the Canudos project and that it is in full compliance with the environmental permitting procedure held by the competent State’s environmental agency. Therefore Voltalia intends to appeal against the preliminary decision.Voltalia’s core mission  as a producer of renewable electricity  is to fight climate change and  by extension  to protect biodiversity. Voltalia also supports local development projects  in constant dialogue with communities. This commitment is a driving force for all of Voltalia’s projects.Voltalia reaffirms its openness to dialogue to clarify any doubts that may arise from authorities  communities  environmentalists and other stakeholders.Voltalia has put in place a range of initiatives in the State of BahiaVoltalia has been carrying out in-depth studies to assess potential impacts of its activities on the local flora and fauna  if any. All studies revealed a low presence of lear macaws in the Canudos project vincinity.Despite of very low risks  Voltalia has developed the Conservation Program for the Lear Macaws and the Repopulation Program of Licurizeiro  based on the National Action Plan for the Conservation of Caatinga Birds (PAN)  following ICMBio/CEMAVE guidelines.Voltalia’s action plan include:Monitoring of lear macaws’ population in the region  which has increased steadily since 2019;Recovery of licuri trees areas  which were damaged in the region for decades. Licuri trees are the main food source of lear macaws;Creation of a nesting area protected against the risk of wildlife trafficking;Continuous monitoring by video surveillance of all wind turbines with an automatic protocol  triggering sounds and stoping turbines  to avoid potential impacts if and when the birds approach;Painting of the wind turbines’ blades in order to improve visibility for the birds.Voltalia reaffirms its commitment to dialogue with local communities and its desire to continue to invest in favour of the environmentVoltalia has already invested around two million Brazilian reais and plans to invest an additional ten million Brazilian reais over the next few years in various local programs  including:Lear macaw habitat protection and extension;Environmental education plan for local communities;Economic development projects and sustainable use of local resources.In addition  Voltalia is working with biologists for the creation of a preservation unit for the lear macaw (RPPN – Reserva Particular do Patrimônio Natural)  as the region does not currently receive any funding to protect the specie  outside from Voltalia’s initiatives.About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com)Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.6 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 14.2 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.With more than 1 550 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has capacity to act globally for its customers.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the SBF 120  Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcapsVoltaliaLoan Duong  Head of Communications & IR Actifinl.duong@voltalia.com Press Contact: Jennifer JulliaInvestor Relations : invest@voltalia.com jjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 19Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.72,0.27,mixed,0.29,0.26,0.45,True,English,"['preliminary decision', 'Canudos project', 'Voltalia SA', 'appeal', 'permits', 'Brazil', 'additional ten million Brazilian reais', 'two million Brazilian reais', 'Feira de Santana/BA Court', 'new additional environmental study', 'Lear macaw habitat protection', 'main food source', 'Patrimônio Natural', 'two wind farms', 'energy efficiency services', 'Environmental education plan', 'various local programs', 'renewable energy sector', 'environmental permitting procedure', 'National Action Plan', 'licuri trees areas', 'Canudos wind farms', 'Canudos project vincinity', 'lear macaws’ population', 'wind turbines’ blades', 'Economic development projects', 'judicial preliminary decision', 'renewable energy projects', 'The Canudos project', 'local development projects', 'Voltalia Loan Duong', 'environmental agency', 'The Group', 'local flora', 'local resources', 'local production', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'federal judge', 'Brazilan parrot', 'full compliance', 'core mission', 'renewable electricity', 'climate change', 'driving force', 'other stakeholders', 'potential impacts', 'low presence', 'low risks', 'Repopulation Program', 'ICMBio/CEMAVE guidelines', 'nesting area', 'wildlife trafficking', 'video surveillance', 'automatic protocol', 'sustainable use', 'preservation unit', 'Reserva Particular', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'investor clients', 'corporate market', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'regulated market', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'IR Actifin', 'Press Contact', 'Jennifer Jullia', 'Investor Relations', 'local communities', 'total capacity', 'generating capacity', 'initial studies', 'depth studies', 'Conservation Program', 'Continuous monitoring', 'green electricity', 'constant dialogue', 'Caatinga Birds', 'competent State', 'appeal', 'permits', 'Bahia', '99.4 megawatts', 'basis', 'region', 'authorizations', 'construction', 'operation', 'producer', 'extension', 'biodiversity', 'commitment', 'openness', 'doubts', 'authorities', 'environmentalists', 'place', 'range', 'initiatives', 'activities', 'fauna', 'Licurizeiro', 'Recovery', 'decades', 'Creation', 'sounds', 'Painting', 'order', 'visibility', 'desire', 'favour', 'years', 'biologists', 'RPPN', 'funding', 'specie', '2.6 GW', 'portfolio', '14.2 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,550 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'customers', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'SBF', 'Head', 'Communications', 'T.', 'Attachment']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23286,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VERIMATRIX-60857003/news/Verimatrix-Q1-2023-turnover-43544640/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Verimatrix : Q1 2023 turnover,(marketscreener.com)   Q1 2023 turnover    Consolidated turnover: $14 M    Accelerated transformation of the Group to a SaaS model  supported by strong growth in subscription sales: o Subscription turnover: $3.2 M  o ARR1 derived from subscriptions…,"Thanks to the quality of the sales approaches currently undertaken  the recurring revenue generated from subscriptions increased by 106.4% to $3.2 million in Q1 2023 versus $1.6 million over the sameOver the quarter  VERIMATRIX recorded total turnover of $14 million  up 10%  compared to $12.7 million in Q1 2022. Turnover growth was driven by the strong increase in subscriptions  rising recurring revenues  and stabilising non-current revenues.""The figures from Q1 2023 reflect the very good orientation of the Group's activities  rolled out in the strategic plan implemented in early 2022. The level of subscription-based software sales conveys an acceleration of VERIMATRIX's transformation to a business model supported by recurring revenues. Above all  it reflects the strong mobilisation of all the Group's teams and their full commitment to the strategic movement currently conducted. This encouraging start to the year reinforces us in our ambition of at least 40% growth in 2023 for our revenues from subscriptions  accompanied by annualized growth of recurring revenue from subscriptions of over 40% "" commented Amedeo d'Angelo  Executive Chairman of VERIMATRIX.Aix-en-Provence  France and San Diego  United States  April 19  2023 - VERIMATRIX (Euronext Paris: VMX) has reported its turnover for the first quarter of 2023  ended 31 March 2023.period in 2022. These figures show an encouraging trend and reinforce VERIMATRIX in its ambition of strong growth in its recurring revenue.The revenue generated by maintenance stood at $4.3 million in Q1 2023  versus $4.6 million in Q1 2022 (-8.3%). This regular drop in turnover  anticipated by the Group and whose level is now controlled  results from the gradual conversion of one-time licence sales into recurring turnover.In all  recurring revenue increased by 20.7% in Q1 2023  to $7.5 million  versus $6.2 million over the same period in 2022. In this quarter  they represent over half of total turnover  in line with the objective previously stated by VERIMATRIX of 70% by 2025.The accelerated transition to the new revenue model is also reflected in the 55.9% growth in recurring annual revenue from subscriptions  brought to $12.2 million as at 31 March of the financial year  versus $11.1 million as at 31 December 2022 and $7.8 million as at 31 March 2022.Non-recurring revenue remained stable in Q1 2023 at $6.5 million  benefiting from perpetual licence sales mainly from our historical telecom operator customers in Europe and Latin America.Confirmation of annual growth targetsThe implementation of the new strategic plan for 2025 is successful. Armed with the turnover growth and recurring annual revenue growth from subscription sales in the beginning of the year  the Group is looking to the coming quarters with confidence. Consequently  VERIMATRIX is reiterating its 2023 target of at least 40% growth of revenues associated with subscriptions  accompanied by growth in annualised recurring revenues from subscriptions of over 40%.Financial timetable:H1 2023 results: July 24  2023 (after market close)About VERIMATRIXVERIMATRIX (Euronext Paris : VMX) contributes to making today's connected world safer by offering security solutions designed for the user. VERIMATRIX protects content  applications and connected objects by offering intuitive  unconstrained  user-centric security. The world's leading companies rely on VERIMATRIX to protect their content  such as premium movies  streaming sports  sensitive financial and medical data  and business-critical mobile applications. VERIMATRIX enables the trusted relationships that its customers depend on to deliver quality content and service to millions of consumers around the world. VERIMATRIX works with its partners to accelerate their time to market  facilitate their growth  protect their revenues and win new customers. To learn more  visit the website :www.verimatrix.com.Additional non-IFRS financial informationIn this press release  VERIMATRIX uses financial aggregates and performance indicators which are not accounting metrics strictly defined by IFRS standards. They are defined in Appendix 2 of this press release. They must be considered supplemental information which is not a substitute for any operational and financial metric of a strictly accounting nature  as presented in the Company's consolidated Financial Statements  particularly in the profit and loss statement contained in Appendix 1 of this press release.Forward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements concerning VERIMATRIX. VERIMATRIX considers that its forecasts are based on reasonable assumptions  but they do not represent guarantees of future performance. Consequently  the Company's actual performance may differ noticeably from that forecast in forward-looking statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties.2",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.59,0.17,0.24,True,English,"['Q1 2023 turnover', 'Verimatrix', 'intuitive, unconstrained, user-centric security', 'historical telecom operator customers', 'Additional non-IFRS financial information', 'recurring annual revenue growth', ""Amedeo d'Angelo"", 'subscription-based software sales', 'one-time licence sales', 'perpetual licence sales', 'annual growth targets', 'business-critical mobile applications', 'consolidated Financial Statements', 'new revenue model', 'new strategic plan', 'annualised recurring revenues', 'security solutions', 'new customers', 'sales approaches', 'subscription sales', 'business model', 'Financial timetable', 'sensitive financial', 'financial aggregates', 'financial metric', 'strategic movement', 'Non-recurring revenue', 'Forward-looking statements', 'recurring turnover', 'strong increase', 'good orientation', 'strong mobilisation', 'full commitment', 'encouraging start', 'Executive Chairman', 'San Diego', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'encouraging trend', 'regular drop', 'gradual conversion', 'Latin America', 'coming quarters', 'H1 2023 results', 'connected objects', 'leading companies', 'premium movies', 'streaming sports', 'medical data', 'trusted relationships', 'press release', 'performance indicators', 'IFRS standards', 'accounting nature', 'loss statement', 'reasonable assumptions', 'future performance', 'actual performance', 'annualized growth', 'strong growth', 'financial year', 'total turnover', 'non-current revenues', 'Turnover growth', 'same period', 'first quarter', 'quality content', '40% growth', '55.9% growth', 'subscriptions', 'Q1', 'VERIMATRIX', 'figures', 'Group', 'activities', 'early 2022', 'level', 'acceleration', 'transformation', 'teams', 'ambition', 'Provence', 'France', 'April', 'VMX', 'maintenance', 'half', 'line', 'objective', 'accelerated', 'transition', '31 March', '31 December', 'Europe', 'Confirmation', 'implementation', 'beginning', 'confidence', '2023 target', 'July', 'market', 'world', 'service', 'millions', 'consumers', 'partners', 'website', 'metrics', 'Appendix', 'substitute', 'operational', 'Company', 'profit', 'forecasts', 'guarantees', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', '2025']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23287,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXTENSA-SA-5965/news/Nextensa-Nextensa-applies-for-permit-for-final-phase-Tour-Taxis-site-43536974/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Nextensa: Nextensa applies for permit for final phase Tour & Taxis site,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Brussels  19 April 2023 – 7.30 AM Nextensa applies for permit for final phase Tour & Taxis site Real estate developer and investor Nextensa applies for the permit for the final phase in the redevelopment of the Tour & Taxis …,PRESS RELEASEBrussels  19 April 2023 – 7.30 AMNextensa applies for permit for final phase Tour & Taxis siteReal estate developer and investor Nextensa applies for the permit for the final phase in the redevelopment of the Tour & Taxis site in Brussels. The iconic Tour & Taxis site in Brussels will thus definitively put itself on the world map in terms of urban renewal in the coming years. The former logistical terrain will undergo a complete metamorphosis. To this end  Nextensa is teaming up with Belgian and international teams of architects.Specifically  it involves the development of some 140 000 square metres  with a largely residential programme. The plans fit into the Tour & Taxis Special Zoning Plan (BBP)  which was approved in 2017.If everything goes according to plan  the works could start in early 2025  ensuring the continuity of Tour & Taxis' development. Until the end of 2024  Nextensa will complete the Park Lane residential area  which includes some 800 residential units.On 25 April at 9.30am at the Tour & Taxis site in Brussels  Nextensa will give further details of the plans and the first images will be shown. CEO Michel Van Geyte and COO Peter De Durpel will take the floor.For more informationMichel Van Geyte | Chief Executive OfficerGare Maritime  Picardstraat 11  B505  1000 Brussels+32 2 882 10 08 | investor.relations@nextensa.euwww.nextensa.euAbout NextensaNextensa SA is a mixed real estate investor and developer. The company’s investment portfolio is divided between the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (41%)  Belgium (44%) and Austria (15%); its total value as of 31/03/2023 was approximately € 1.28 billion.As a developer  Nextensa is primarily active in shaping large urban developments. At Tour & Taxis (development of over 350 000 sqm) in Brussels  Nextensa is building a mixed real estate portfolio consisting of a revaluation of iconic buildings and new constructions. In Luxembourg (Cloche d’Or)  it is working in partnership on a major urban extension of more than 400 000 sqm consisting of offices  retail  and residential buildings.The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and has a market capitalization of €396.6 million (value 31/03/2023).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['final phase Tour', 'Taxis site', 'Nextensa', 'permit', 'COO Peter De Durpel', 'Park Lane residential area', 'CEO Michel Van Geyte', 'mixed real estate portfolio', 'mixed real estate investor', 'Taxis Special Zoning Plan', 'Real estate developer', 'former logistical terrain', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'large urban developments', 'major urban extension', 'final phase Tour', 'investment portfolio', 'urban renewal', 'residential programme', '800 residential units', 'residential buildings', 'Taxis site', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'world map', 'coming years', 'complete metamorphosis', 'international teams', '140,000 square metres', 'first images', 'Gare Maritime', 'Grand Duchy', 'iconic buildings', 'new constructions', 'market capitalization', 'total value', ""Taxis' development"", 'iconic Tour', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Nextensa SA', '1000 Brussels', '19 April', '7.30 AM', 'permit', 'redevelopment', 'terms', 'end', 'Belgian', 'architects', 'plans', 'BBP', 'everything', 'works', 'continuity', '25 April', '9.30am', 'details', 'floor', 'information', 'Picardstraat', 'B50', 'relations', 'company', 'Luxembourg', 'Belgium', 'Austria', '31/03', '350,000 sqm', 'revaluation', 'Cloche', 'partnership', '400,000 sqm', 'offices', 'retail', 'Attachment']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23288,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2649680/0/en/Nextensa-Nextensa-applies-for-permit-for-final-phase-Tour-Taxis-site.html,Nextensa: Nextensa applies for permit for final phase Tour & Taxis site,PRESS RELEASE    Brussels  19 April 2023 – 7.30 AM    Nextensa applies for permit for final phase Tour & Taxis site        Real estate developer...,English Dutch FrenchPRESS RELEASEBrussels  19 April 2023 – 7.30 AMNextensa applies for permit for final phase Tour & Taxis siteReal estate developer and investor Nextensa applies for the permit for the final phase in the redevelopment of the Tour & Taxis site in Brussels. The iconic Tour & Taxis site in Brussels will thus definitively put itself on the world map in terms of urban renewal in the coming years. The former logistical terrain will undergo a complete metamorphosis. To this end  Nextensa is teaming up with Belgian and international teams of architects.Specifically  it involves the development of some 140 000 square metres  with a largely residential programme. The plans fit into the Tour & Taxis Special Zoning Plan (BBP)  which was approved in 2017.If everything goes according to plan  the works could start in early 2025  ensuring the continuity of Tour & Taxis' development. Until the end of 2024  Nextensa will complete the Park Lane residential area  which includes some 800 residential units.On 25 April at 9.30am at the Tour & Taxis site in Brussels  Nextensa will give further details of the plans and the first images will be shown. CEO Michel Van Geyte and COO Peter De Durpel will take the floor.For more informationMichel Van Geyte | Chief Executive OfficerGare Maritime  Picardstraat 11  B505  1000 Brussels+32 2 882 10 08 | investor.relations@nextensa.euwww.nextensa.euAbout NextensaNextensa SA is a mixed real estate investor and developer. The company’s investment portfolio is divided between the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (41%)  Belgium (44%) and Austria (15%); its total value as of 31/03/2023 was approximately € 1.28 billion.As a developer  Nextensa is primarily active in shaping large urban developments. At Tour & Taxis (development of over 350 000 sqm) in Brussels  Nextensa is building a mixed real estate portfolio consisting of a revaluation of iconic buildings and new constructions. In Luxembourg (Cloche d’Or)  it is working in partnership on a major urban extension of more than 400 000 sqm consisting of offices  retail  and residential buildings.The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and has a market capitalization of €396.6 million (value 31/03/2023).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['final phase Tour', 'Taxis site', 'Nextensa', 'permit', 'COO Peter De Durpel', 'Park Lane residential area', 'CEO Michel Van Geyte', 'mixed real estate portfolio', 'mixed real estate investor', 'Taxis Special Zoning Plan', 'English Dutch French', 'Real estate developer', 'former logistical terrain', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'large urban developments', 'major urban extension', 'final phase Tour', 'investment portfolio', 'urban renewal', 'residential programme', '800 residential units', 'residential buildings', 'Taxis site', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'world map', 'coming years', 'complete metamorphosis', 'international teams', '140,000 square metres', 'first images', 'Gare Maritime', 'Grand Duchy', 'iconic buildings', 'new constructions', 'market capitalization', 'total value', ""Taxis' development"", 'iconic Tour', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Nextensa SA', '1000 Brussels', '19 April', '7.30 AM', 'permit', 'redevelopment', 'terms', 'end', 'Belgian', 'architects', 'plans', 'BBP', 'everything', 'works', 'continuity', '25 April', '9.30am', 'details', 'floor', 'information', 'Picardstraat', 'B50', 'relations', 'company', 'Luxembourg', 'Belgium', 'Austria', '31/03', '350,000 sqm', 'revaluation', 'Cloche', 'partnership', '400,000 sqm', 'offices', 'retail', 'Attachment']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23289,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2650476/0/en/Atari-Announces-Acquisition-of-More-than-100-PC-and-Console-Titles-from-the-80s-and-90s.html,Atari Announces Acquisition of More than 100 PC and Console Titles from the 80s and 90s,The collection includes games from the popular Bubsy  Hardball  and Demolition Racer franchises The collection includes games from the popular Bubsy  Hardball  and Demolition Racer franchises,NEW YORK  April 19  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Atari® — one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and interactive entertainment producers — announced today the acquisition of more than 100 PC and console titles from the 1980s and 1990s. The collection includes notable games from the Bubsy  Hardball  Demolition Racer series  as well as the 1942: Pacific Air War  F-117A  and F-14 air combat series. Atari will seek to expand digital and physical distribution of the classic titles  create new games based on the IP  and explore brand and merchandising collaborations.“This is a deep catalog that includes groundbreaking and award-winning titles from Accolade  Infogrames and Microprose ” said Atari CEO Wade Rosen. “Many of these titles are a part of Atari history  and fans can look forward to seeing many of these games re-released in physical and digital formats  and in some cases  even ported to modern consoles.”Atari also acquired the trademark to the Accolade and GTI brands. Accolade was a well-respected US-based video game developer and publisher from 1984 until 2000.Atari is undertaking a multi-year effort to transform the company behind one of the world's most iconic brands. An important part of that effort involves expanding Atari’s video game business  leveraging the company’s large catalog of IP to release classic games and bring new  high-quality games to market. Atari's vast library of IP is the vault from which new and exciting game development ideas are pulled – reinventing old classics  reimagining storylines  and developing entirely new narratives inspired by the games that set the course for an entire industry.To stay up-to-date on all things Atari and retro-pop culture  follow on Facebook   Twitter   Instagram   and YouTube   and join the community on the official Discord .About ATARIAtari is an interactive entertainment company and an iconic gaming industry brand that transcends generations and audiences. The company is globally recognized for its multi-platform  interactive entertainment and licensed products. Atari owns and/or manages a portfolio of more than 200 unique games and franchises  including world-renowned brands like Asteroids®  Centipede®  Missile Command®  Pong®  and RollerCoaster Tycoon®. Atari has offices in New York and Paris. Visit us online at www.Atari.com .Atari shares are listed in France on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN Code FR0010478248  Ticker ALATA).©2023 Atari Interactive  Inc. Atari wordmark and logo are trademarks owned by Atari Interactive  Inc.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.55,0.45,0.0,True,English,"['Console Titles', 'Atari', 'Acquisition', 'More', '100 PC', '80s', '90s', 'exciting game development ideas', 'US-based video game developer', 'F-14 air combat series', 'Atari CEO Wade Rosen', 'iconic gaming industry brand', 'video game business', 'Demolition Racer series', 'Pacific Air War', 'interactive entertainment producers', 'multi-platform, interactive entertainment', 'iconic consumer brands', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'interactive entertainment company', 'new, high-quality games', 'iconic brands', 'entire industry', 'GTI brands', 'world-renowned brands', 'Atari Interactive', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'merchandising collaborations', 'deep catalog', 'modern consoles', 'large catalog', 'vast library', 'old classics', 'new narratives', 'retro-pop culture', 'official Discord', 'licensed products', 'Missile Command', 'RollerCoaster Tycoon', 'ISIN Code', 'Ticker ALATA', 'notable games', 'new games', 'classic games', '200 unique games', 'console titles', 'classic titles', 'award-winning titles', 'physical distribution', 'digital formats', 'multi-year effort', 'important part', 'Atari history', 'Atari shares', 'Atari wordmark', 'Atari®', 'April', 'acquisition', '100 PC', '1980s', '1990s', 'collection', 'Bubsy', 'Hardball', 'F-117A', 'IP', 'groundbreaking', 'Accolade', 'Infogrames', 'Microprose', 'fans', 'cases', 'trademark', 'publisher', 'market', 'vault', 'storylines', 'course', 'things', 'Facebook', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'community', 'generations', 'audiences', 'portfolio', 'franchises', 'Asteroids®', 'Pong', 'offices', 'France', 'logo', '1942']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23290,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATARI-S-A-2168735/news/Atari-Announces-Acquisition-of-More-than-100-PC-and-Console-Titles-from-the-80s-and-90s-43545867/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Atari Announces Acquisition of More than 100 PC and Console Titles from the 80s and 90s,(marketscreener.com) The collection includes games from the popular Bubsy  Hardball  and Demolition Racer franchisesNEW YORK  April 19  2023 -- Atari® — one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and interactive entertainment producers — announced today t…,The collection includes games from the popular Bubsy  Hardball  and Demolition Racer franchisesNEW YORK  April 19  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Atari® — one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and interactive entertainment producers — announced today the acquisition of more than 100 PC and console titles from the 1980s and 1990s. The collection includes notable games from the Bubsy  Hardball  Demolition Racer series  as well as the 1942: Pacific Air War  F-117A  and F-14 air combat series. Atari will seek to expand digital and physical distribution of the classic titles  create new games based on the IP  and explore brand and merchandising collaborations.“This is a deep catalog that includes groundbreaking and award-winning titles from Accolade  Infogrames and Microprose ” said Atari CEO Wade Rosen. “Many of these titles are a part of Atari history  and fans can look forward to seeing many of these games re-released in physical and digital formats  and in some cases  even ported to modern consoles.”Atari also acquired the trademark to the Accolade and GTI brands. Accolade was a well-respected US-based video game developer and publisher from 1984 until 2000.Atari is undertaking a multi-year effort to transform the company behind one of the world's most iconic brands. An important part of that effort involves expanding Atari’s video game business  leveraging the company’s large catalog of IP to release classic games and bring new  high-quality games to market. Atari's vast library of IP is the vault from which new and exciting game development ideas are pulled – reinventing old classics  reimagining storylines  and developing entirely new narratives inspired by the games that set the course for an entire industry.To stay up-to-date on all things Atari and retro-pop culture  follow on Facebook   Twitter   Instagram   and YouTube   and join the community on the official Discord .About ATARIAtari is an interactive entertainment company and an iconic gaming industry brand that transcends generations and audiences. The company is globally recognized for its multi-platform  interactive entertainment and licensed products. Atari owns and/or manages a portfolio of more than 200 unique games and franchises  including world-renowned brands like Asteroids®  Centipede®  Missile Command®  Pong®  and RollerCoaster Tycoon®. Atari has offices in New York and Paris. Visit us online at www.Atari.com .Atari shares are listed in France on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN Code FR0010478248  Ticker ALATA).©2023 Atari Interactive  Inc. Atari wordmark and logo are trademarks owned by Atari Interactive  Inc.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Console Titles', 'Atari', 'Acquisition', 'More', '100 PC', '80s', '90s', 'exciting game development ideas', 'US-based video game developer', 'F-14 air combat series', 'Atari CEO Wade Rosen', 'iconic gaming industry brand', 'video game business', 'Demolition Racer series', 'Pacific Air War', 'interactive entertainment producers', 'multi-platform, interactive entertainment', 'iconic consumer brands', 'Demolition Racer franchises', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'interactive entertainment company', 'new, high-quality games', 'iconic brands', 'entire industry', 'GTI brands', 'world-renowned brands', 'Atari Interactive', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'merchandising collaborations', 'deep catalog', 'modern consoles', 'large catalog', 'vast library', 'old classics', 'new narratives', 'retro-pop culture', 'official Discord', 'licensed products', 'Missile Command', 'RollerCoaster Tycoon', 'ISIN Code', 'Ticker ALATA', 'console titles', 'notable games', 'classic titles', 'new games', 'award-winning titles', 'classic games', '200 unique games', 'popular Bubsy', 'physical distribution', 'digital formats', 'multi-year effort', 'important part', 'Atari history', 'Atari shares', 'Atari wordmark', 'Atari®', 'collection', 'Hardball', 'April', 'acquisition', '100 PC', '1980s', '1990s', 'F-117A', 'IP', 'groundbreaking', 'Accolade', 'Infogrames', 'Microprose', 'fans', 'cases', 'trademark', 'publisher', 'market', 'vault', 'storylines', 'course', 'things', 'Facebook', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'community', 'generations', 'audiences', 'portfolio', 'Asteroids®', 'Pong', 'offices', 'France', 'logo', '1942']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23291,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LHYFE-137697440/news/Lhyfe-Construction-started-on-Lhyfe-s-third-green-and-renewable-hydrogen-production-site-in-p-43536926/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Lhyfe :  Construction started on Lhyfe's third green and renewable hydrogen production site  in partnership with AREC Occitanie,(marketscreener.com)  The Lhyfe Occitanie project  previously known as Val d'Hygo  was selected by the Region of Occitanie under the Occitanie H2 Corridor project in 2021.Nantes   19 April 2023 –7:15 am – Lhyfe   one of the world's pioneers in the producti…,"The Lhyfe Occitanie project  previously known as Val d'Hygo  was selected by the Region of Occitanie under the Occitanie H2 Corridor project in 2021.Nantes (France)  19 April 2023 –7:15 am – Lhyfe (EURONEXT: LHYFE)  one of the world's pioneers in the production of green and renewable hydrogen and AREC Occitanie – the regional agency for energy and climate – have announced that construction is starting on the Lhyfe Occitanie production facility  in Bessières (Haute-Garonne). The plant  which should be operational by the end of 2023  is one of the levers of the Occitanie Region for achieving the goals of its Occitanie H2 Corridor project aimed at decarbonising goods and passenger transport.“As of late 2023  we will be producing a clean fuel  in Bessières  for all Occitanie.”Following two first sites in Pays de la Loire (Bouin  Vendée) and in Brittany (Buléon  Morbihan)  Lhyfe's third production site will be in Occitanie.The Lhyfe Occitanie site is funded 80% by Lhyfe and 20% by AREC Occitanie.The plant will be located in the Triangle business park in Bessières  40 kilometres from Toulouse  on aproximately 8 000 sq. metres of land.The construction works have just commenced and commissioning is due in December 2023.The Lhyfe Occitanie site will have the capacity to produce two tonnes of green and renewable hydrogen a day (equivalent to a generating capacity of 5 MW)  with the possibility to ramp up production to meet growth in hydrogen uses and needs in the region.This project was selected in late 2021 by the Occitanie Region as part of the Occitanie H2 Corridor scheme. The financing agreement for the project was signed with the Occitanie Region in November 2022. Occitanie is providing €5.9 million to support the site's creation  including €4.1 million as a repayable advance and €1.89 million in grants.Decarbonising goods and passenger transport  as well as industry  regionwideThe Occitanie H2 Corridor is part of the North–South European hydrogen corridor project  which aims to decarbonise goods and passenger transport on an axis running between the Mediterranean and the North Sea.In accordance with the aims of the Occitanie H2 Corridor project led by the Region of Occitanie  this site will help to decarbonise these transport modes by supplying green and renewable hydrogen to trucks  coaches and other fuel cell vehicles  on the Albi–Toulouse route  in particular.The aim of the Region for the Occitanie H2 Corridor is to have two renewable hydrogen production facilities by the end of 2024  representing a total of six tonnes of output a day to start  seven hydrogen fuel stations (delivering 600 to 1 200 kg a day)  40 hydrogen-powered trucks  62 refrigerated trailers/units and 15 regional interurban buses retrofit to run on hydrogen.Lhyfe Occitanie could also deliver the various refuelling stations that will be created in the region.In addition  thanks to its scalable production capacity  this site will also meet the green and renewable hydrogen needs of industry (e.g. aeronautics  equipment manufacturing)  transport/logistics providers and local authorities in the area wishing to decarbonise their mobility and/or processes.Lhyfe Occitanie promotes a short supply chain logic with energy produced and consumed locally  and can deliver its hydrogen within a radius of 200 kilometres.Carole Delga  President  Region of Occitanie: “Making green hydrogen one of the energies of the future in Occitanie  is the choice we made in 2019 in adopting a dedicated plan. Today  one of the biggest challenges of energy transition is heavy mobility. That is why the Region has initiated the Occitanie H2 Corridor project  integrating industry and mobility on a European level. I am proud that this project is being developed here in Occitanie and that Lhyfe is contributing to decarbonisation at the heart of our communities.”Cédric Maurel  Mayor of Bessières: “We are proud to be welcoming one of the first green and renewable hydrogen production sites in Occitanie and to be taking part in the energy transition of our region. This project shows that there are solutions to drastically cut our CO2 emissions. We are going to monitor the works closely so that the region's users can switch to renewable hydrogen from the end of this year!”Christian Assaf  President  AREC: “Occitanie has a head start on hydrogen. We know it and want to drive this potential by involving all communities and local enterprises in the regional dynamic. That is what we are doing today with Lhyfe which will help to confirm our position as a leader in renewable hydrogen and accelerate the decarbonisation of heavy mobility.”Maud Augeai  Head of Territorial Development France at Lhyfe: “Lhyfe Occitanie will be our first achievement in the South of France. We are fully focused on its realisation in order to deliver the first kilos of green and renewable hydrogen from the end of 2023  and enable the transportation of tonnes of goods and thousands of people in the region without emitting CO2. As our plant is modular and scalable  it will adapt to the growth in uses in the coming months and years. Maxime Bourdillat  our Head of Development for South West France  now has an ear to the ground to identify mobility and industry market needs.”About LhyfeLhyfe is a European group devoted to energy transition  and a producer and supplier of green and renewable hydrogen. Its production sites and portfolio of projects intend to provide access to green and renewable hydrogen in industrial quantities  and enable the creation of a virtuous energy model capable of decarbonising entire sectors of industry and transport.In 2021  Lhyfe inaugurated the first industrial-scale green hydrogen production plant in the world to be interconnected with a wind farm. In 2022  Lhyfe inaugurated the first offshore green hydrogen production pilot platform in the world.Lhyfe is represented in 11 European countries and had 149 staff at the end of 2022. The company is listed on the Euronext market in Paris (ISIN: FR0014009YQ1 – LHYFE).Lhyfe.comAbout AREC OccitanieThe Regional Energy & Climate Agency (AREC) develops solutions to encourage communities and businesses in Occitanie to take action and make Occitanie the first positive energy region by 2050. The agency is a tool for the Occitanie Region to support the implementation of public policy and region-wide projects aimed at building active resilience to climate change. One of its responsibilities is the Regional Climate and Energy Observatory in Occitanie  which is tracking the Positive Energy Region trajectory. It also supports Rénov'Occitanie  the public department for energy renovation. Through its expertise and its engineering and investment capacities  AREC assists the various regional stakeholders and project owners  from the idea stage to the realisation of their project.www.arec-occitanie.frAbout the Region of Occitanie and the Occitanie H2 CorridorThe Occitanie Region is the first French region engaged in decarbonising heavy mobility.Under its Green Hydrogen Plan  the Occitanie Region has launched the H2 Corridor project with support from the European Investment Bank (for a total of €40 million) and the European Commission (for a total of €14.6 million). Representing an overall investment budget of €110 million  the aim is to bring about a switch from fossil fuels to renewable hydrogen for EU goods transport  in particular goods transiting through Europe on the North–South axis of the Trans-European Transport Network (TEN-T) linking the North Sea to the Mediterranean Sea.Contacts:Lhyfe: Industry Press RelationsNouvelles GrainesClémence Rebours:+33 (0)6 60 57 76 43c.rebours@nouvelles-graines.com Financial Press RelationsACTUSManon Clairet+33 (0)1 53 67 36 73mclairet@actus.fr Investor RelationsMaria Pardo Saleme  CFOmaria.pardosaleme@lhyfe.comAREC Occitanie: Fanny Thévenoud+33 (0)6 32 89 37 89fanny.thevenoud@arec-occitanie.frRégion Occitanie : Coralie Momboisse+33 (0)5 61 33 53 58coralie.momboisse@laregion.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yW1uZ8mcZJqVnp9vaMdsmGFlbJhll5LKa2fKmmGaZ5fKmW5jmm1kaZrIZnBqmWVo- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  salesÃ¢ÂÂ¦) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79402-230419_pr-lhyfe-occitanie_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.13,0.21,True,English,"['renewable hydrogen production site', 'third green', 'AREC Occitanie', 'Lhyfe', 'Construction', 'partnership', 'North–South European hydrogen corridor project', 'two renewable hydrogen production facilities', 'Pays de la Loire', 'short supply chain logic', 'other fuel cell vehicles', 'Occitanie H2 Corridor scheme', 'The Occitanie H2 Corridor', 'seven hydrogen fuel stations', 'Occitanie H2 Corridor project', 'renewable hydrogen production sites', 'Lhyfe Occitanie production facility', 'The Lhyfe Occitanie project', 'The Lhyfe Occitanie site', 'various refuelling stations', 'two first sites', 'Triangle business park', 'Cédric Maurel', 'third production site', '15 regional interurban buses', 'Albi–Toulouse route', 'scalable production capacity', 'Territorial Development France', 'renewable hydrogen needs', 'North Sea', 'European level', 'clean fuel', 'two tonnes', 'hydrogen uses', 'regional agency', 'regional dynamic', 'first achievement', 'first kilos', 'AREC Occitanie', 'Bessières', 'Vendée', 'Buléon', '8,000 sq. metres', 'generating capacity', 'financing agreement', 'repayable advance', '600 to 1 200 kg', '62 refrigerated trailers/units', 'equipment manufacturing', 'transport/logistics providers', 'local authorities', 'Carole Delga', 'dedicated plan', 'biggest challenges', 'Christian Assaf', 'local enterprises', 'Maud Augeai', 'green hydrogen', 'passenger transport', 'six tonnes', 'Occitanie Region', 'first green', '40 hydrogen-powered trucks', 'energy transition', 'heavy mobility', 'CO2 emissions', 'head start', 'Decarbonising goods', 'construction works', 'CO2.', 'Val', 'Nantes', '19 April', 'EURONEXT', 'world', 'pioneers', 'climate', 'Haute-Garonne', 'plant', 'levers', 'goals', 'late', 'Bouin', 'Brittany', 'Morbihan', 'land', 'commissioning', 'December', '5 MW', 'possibility', 'growth', 'part', 'November', 'creation', 'grants', 'industry', 'axis', 'Mediterranean', 'accordance', 'aims', 'modes', 'coaches', 'total', 'output', 'addition', 'aeronautics', 'area', 'processes', 'radius', '200 kilometres', 'President', 'energies', 'future', 'choice', 'decarbonisation', 'heart', 'communities', 'Mayor', 'solutions', 'users', 'year', 'potential', 'position', 'leader', 'realisation', 'order', 'transportation', 'thousands', 'people']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23292,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/D-IETEREN-GROUP-5994/news/D-Ieteren-Repurchase-and-disposal-of-own-shares-43544967/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,D'Ieteren : Repurchase and disposal of own shares,(marketscreener.com) 19 Apr 2023 - Own shares   Repurchase and disposal of own shares related to share buyback programme  option scheme and liquidity contract     - This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -  …,"19 Apr 2023 - Own sharesRepurchase and disposal of own shares related to share buyback programme  option scheme and liquidity contract- This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -In accordance with articles 8:4 and 8:6 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 implementing the Code on Companies and Associations  D'Ieteren Group announces today the purchase and disposal of treasury shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels and / or an MTF between 12 and 18 April 2023.The extraordinary shareholders' meeting of D'Ieteren Group renewed on 31 May 2018 the powers of the board of directors to acquire and dispose of own shares for a period of 5 years.The total number of own shares held by D'Ieteren Group reached 1 404 594 on 18 April 2023. The total number of ordinary shares equals 54 367 928.- End of abstract -In existence since 1805  and across family generations  D'Ieteren Group seeks growth and value creation by pursuing a strategy on the long term for its businesses and actively encouraging and supporting them to develop their position in their industry and geographies. The Group currently owns the following businesses:Belron (50.01%) has a clear purpose: ""making a difference by solving people's problems with real care"". It is the worldwide leader in vehicle glass repair and replacement and operates in 37 countries  through wholly owned businesses and franchises  with market leading brands - including Carglass®  Safelite® and Autoglass®. In addition  Belron manages vehicle glass and other insurance claims on behalf of insurance customers. Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €5 574m and €1 017m in FY-22.(50.01%) has a clear purpose: ""making a difference by solving people's problems with real care"". It is the worldwide leader in vehicle glass repair and replacement and operates in 37 countries  through wholly owned businesses and franchises  with market leading brands - including Carglass®  Safelite® and Autoglass®. In addition  Belron manages vehicle glass and other insurance claims on behalf of insurance customers. Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €5 574m and €1 017m in FY-22. D'Ieteren Automotive (100%) distributes Volkswagen  Audi  SEAT  Škoda  Bentley  Lamborghini  Bugatti  Cupra  Rimac  Microlino  Maserati and Porsche vehicles in Belgium. It has a market share of 22.5% and 1.2 million vehicles on the road. Its business model is evolving towards ""improving the lives of citizens with fluid  accessible and sustainable mobility"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €3 610m and €139m in FY-22.(100%) distributes Volkswagen  Audi  SEAT  Škoda  Bentley  Lamborghini  Bugatti  Cupra  Rimac  Microlino  Maserati and Porsche vehicles in Belgium. It has a market share of 22.5% and 1.2 million vehicles on the road. Its business model is evolving towards ""improving the lives of citizens with fluid  accessible and sustainable mobility"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €3 610m and €139m in FY-22. PHE (c.91%) is a leader in the independent distribution of spare parts for vehicles in Western Europe  present in France  Belgium  The Netherlands  Luxemburg  Italy and Spain. Its mission aims at ""promoting affordable and sustainable mobility"". It generated sales of €2 260m and adjusted operating result of €178m in FY-22.(c.91%) is a leader in the independent distribution of spare parts for vehicles in Western Europe  present in France  Belgium  The Netherlands  Luxemburg  Italy and Spain. Its mission aims at ""promoting affordable and sustainable mobility"". It generated sales of €2 260m and adjusted operating result of €178m in FY-22. TVH (40%)  is a leading global independent distributor for aftermarket parts for material handling  construction & industrial  and agricultural equipment. It operates in 26 countries worldwide. It has a unique operating model and has a clear purpose of ""keeping customers going and growing"". It generated sales of €1 622m and an adjusted operating profit of €258m in FY-22.(40%)  is a leading global independent distributor for aftermarket parts for material handling  construction & industrial  and agricultural equipment. It operates in 26 countries worldwide. It has a unique operating model and has a clear purpose of ""keeping customers going and growing"". It generated sales of €1 622m and an adjusted operating profit of €258m in FY-22. Moleskine (100%) is a premium and aspirational lifestyle brand which develops and sells iconic branded notebooks and writing  travel and reading accessories through a global multichannel platform. Its purpose is to ""unleash the human genius through hands on paper to empower creativity and knowledge in each individual and the entire world"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €143m and €21m in FY-22.(100%) is a premium and aspirational lifestyle brand which develops and sells iconic branded notebooks and writing  travel and reading accessories through a global multichannel platform. Its purpose is to ""unleash the human genius through hands on paper to empower creativity and knowledge in each individual and the entire world"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €143m and €21m in FY-22. D'Ieteren Immo (100%) groups together the Belgian real estate interests of D'Ieteren Group. It owns and manages 35 sites which generated €22.3m net rental income in FY-22. It also pursues investment projects and carries out studies into possible site renovations.Francis Deprez  Chief Executive OfficerArnaud Laviolette  Chief Financial OfficerStéphanie Voisin  Investor Relations - Tel: + 32 (0)2 536.54.39E-mail: financial.communication@dieterengroup.com - Website: www.dieterengroup.com",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.82,0.05,0.13,True,English,"[""D'Ieteren"", 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'shares', 'leading global independent distributor', 'global multichannel platform', 'full press release', ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", ""D'Ieteren Automotive"", 'aspirational lifestyle brand', 'iconic branded notebooks', ""D'Ieteren Group"", 'other insurance claims', 'share buyback programme', 'vehicle glass repair', 'unique operating model', 'leading brands', 'independent distribution', 'The Group', 'business model', 'operating result', 'operating profit', 'option scheme', 'liquidity contract', 'Royal Decree', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total number', 'family generations', 'value creation', 'long term', 'real care', 'insurance customers', 'fluid, accessible', 'sustainable mobility', 'spare parts', 'Western Europe', 'The Netherlands', 'aftermarket parts', 'material handling', 'agricultural equipment', 'human genius', 'entire world', 'market share', 'clear purpose', 'Porsche vehicles', '1.2 million vehicles', 'regulated market', 'Own shares', 'treasury shares', 'ordinary shares', 'worldwide leader', 'following businesses', '19 Apr', 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'abstract', 'details', 'accordance', 'articles', '29 April', 'Code', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'MTF', '18 April', '31 May', 'powers', 'board', 'directors', 'period', '5 years', 'existence', 'growth', 'strategy', 'position', 'industry', 'geographies', 'Belron', 'difference', 'people', 'problems', 'replacement', '37 countries', 'franchises', 'Carglass®', 'Safelite', 'Autoglass', 'addition', 'behalf', 'Sales', 'adjusted', 'FY-22', 'Volkswagen', 'Audi', 'SEAT', 'Škoda', 'Bentley', 'Lamborghini', 'Bugatti', 'Cupra', 'Rimac', 'Microlino', 'Maserati', 'Belgium', 'road', 'lives', 'citizens', 'PHE', 'France', 'Luxemburg', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'mission', 'affordable', 'TVH', 'construction', 'industrial', '26 countries', 'Moleskine', 'premium', 'travel', 'accessories', 'hands', 'paper', 'creativity', 'knowledge', 'individual', '12']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23293,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CREDIT-AGRICOLE-S-A-4735/news/CREDIT-AGRICOLE-SA-Credit-Agricole-and-Worldline-enter-into-exclusive-discussions-to-create-a-major-43536978/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,CREDIT AGRICOLE SA: Crédit Agricole and Worldline enter into exclusive discussions to create a major player in merchant services in France,(marketscreener.com) Crédit Agricole and Worldlineenter into exclusive discussions to create a major playerin merchant services in France A unique alliance to create a major payments player in the largest Continental Europe payment market ofc.€ 700 billion Me…,Crédit Agricole and Worldlineenter into exclusive discussions to create a major playerin merchant services in FranceA unique alliance to create a major payments playerin the largest Continental Europe payment market ofc.€ 700 billion Merchant Sales Value (“MSV”)Strategic long-term partnershipbetween the leading French retail banking Credit Agricole Group and WorldlineContemplated creation of a joint company fully operational by 2025 combiningCrédit Agricole’s merchant acquiring footprint  French market intimacy and distribution power with Worldline’s leading innovation  technologyand global infrastructureParis  La Défense  April 19  2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  and Crédit Agricole SA [Euronext: ACA]  announced today the signing of a non-binding exclusive agreement regarding a strategic partnership to create a major player in the French payment market.Gilles Grapinet  CEO of Worldline  said: “The contemplated strategic alliance we announce today between Worldline and Crédit Agricole is a landmark transaction for the Group. I am very proud that Worldline has been selected by Crédit Agricole for a strategic long-term partnership combining our merchant services capabilities  with the joint ambition to create a player able to deliver premier services to all merchants operating in France. The perfect fit of Worldline’s state-of-the-art products  technology and services at scale combined with Crédit Agricole Group unique distribution network and acquiring market leadership would be a key differentiating factor for our customers.For Worldline  this is a unique opportunity to further expand our footprint and to achieve scale within a few years on the largest continental European acquiring market. Through this strategic partnership  Worldline would also benefit from additional specific French market offerings while we intend to invest together with Crédit Agricole into an ambitious and differentiating innovation roadmap leveraging the Worldline leading-edge global value proposition.Structured primarily as a contribution in kind of our respective technological capabilities  commercial footprint and distribution capabilities to a joint company  this major contemplated transaction fully preserves our balance sheet and financial and strategic flexibility.”Jean-Paul Mazoyer  Deputy General Manager of Crédit Agricole S.A. in charge of Technology  Digital and Payments  commented: “Payments are a cornerstone of the relationship with our customers  hence a strategic business for the Credit Agricole Group. The partnership with Worldline would allow us to strengthen our market leadership in France for merchant payment solutions and fully aligns with Credit Agricole’s 2025 ambitions to outperform the market growth by 2x on merchant payments solutions. Worldline is a French and European leader in in-store and online acceptance and a prominent payments processor in Europe.Worldline is already a trusted partner of the Credit Agricole Group and  through this deepened strategic partnership  we would jointly develop comprehensive services for French merchants on the whole merchant services value chain (acceptance and acquiring) which is a fast-moving and critical area to their business. This integrated mastery would allow us to equip merchants with innovative all-in-one offers that integrate natively in their ecosystem and provide value added business services.”Attractive and evolving French payment marketFrance is a highly attractive and strategic market for Worldline. France is the 2nd largest economy in Continental Europe  enjoying robust economic performance  sustained by consistent policy frameworks and strong institutions  as well as an attractive investment environment.The French payment industry shows solid dynamics with a sizable and growing addressable market and a high level of readiness and receptiveness towards cashless payment methods. With aggregated Merchant Sales Value (MSV) of c.€ 700 billion  the French payment market is by far the largest payment market in Continental Europe.With cash penetration still high  at c.40% of payment volumes  the French market offers an attractive growth opportunity driven by the secular shift from cash to card and by continued demand for innovation. Combined with French “Cartes Bancaires” domestic scheme and its strong and resilient market share capturing c.80% of card transactions volumes  these market trends make France a particularly attractive country in the broader European context.The contemplated alliance between Crédit Agricole and Worldline is a unique opportunity for both companies to significantly expand their merchant services activities in this high-potential market.A partnership to create a major player in the French marketLeveraging the strengths of the two companies  the contemplated partnership would offer a state-of-the-art combination of technological and commercial offerings at scale allowing to adequately respond to any type of evolving merchant needs  whether local or global. It would be fueled by:Worldline’s vertical expertise embedded into strong instore and online capabilities to serve merchants at scale thanks to its global solutions  platforms and payment applications  and;Crédit Agricole’s strong distribution networks through the 39 Crédit Agricole ‘s Regional Banks and LCL bank  combining a deep French market presence with more than 16 000 banking advisors for enterprises1 and local knowledge in merchants acquiring.The partnership would be ensured by the set-up of a fully licensed joint-company between Crédit Agricole and Worldline. The joint-company would be majority owned (50% of total capital plus one share) and fully consolidated by Worldline. It would be in charge of leveraging Worldline’s global European processing platforms and of developing all the innovative products dedicated to the French market. The joint-company would also be in charge of the commercial development of the alliance  both directly for largest merchants in particular  and by providing an active support to the bank distribution channels.The contemplated joint-company would offer to the key accounts in France a full-service offering leveraging Worldline’s global acceptance and acquiring platform  including the domestic “Cartes Bancaires” scheme. In parallel  Worldline would be able to offer to its international merchants an access to the domestic scheme  further expanding its broad range of payment schemes.With respect to SMBs  this planned combination would also bring to merchants  whatever their size or location  deep access to an enriched offering of payment brands and means  and value-added services covering all their needs  from mobile acceptance devices to more traditional Point-of-Sales (POS: Point Of Sale) solutions for seamless payment experience  ultimately improving merchant experience and consumer purchasing journeys.These new all-in-one solutions combining instore and online capabilities at large and local scale to serve French merchants and consumers in the best way  coupled with the power of Crédit Agricole’s distribution network  would be a key differentiating factor to create a payments major player in France.Key steps of the partnership implementationThe contemplated operation remains subject to both parties’ works council consultation and to corporate authorizations and customary regulatory approval:2023-2024: Joint investment phase of € 80 million equally financed by Worldline and Crédit Agricole for the product and offering design  and joint company implementation2025 onwards: Full implementation of the joint company starting to generate revenues and OMDA.ContactsInvestor Relations WorldlineLaurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCommunication WorldlineSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comInvestor Relations Crédit Agricole SAInstitutional shareholders + 33 1 43 23 04 31 investor.relations@credit-agricole-sa.fr Individual shareholders + 33 800 000 777 (freephone number – France only) relation@actionnaires.credit-agricole.com Clotilde L’Angevin + 33 1 43 23 32 45 clotilde.langevin@credit-agricole-sa.frEquity investors: Jean-Yann AsserafFethi Azzoug + 33 1 57 72 23 81+ 33 1 57 72 03 75 jean-yann.asseraf@credit-agricole-sa.fr fethi.azzoug@credit-agricole-sa.fr Joséphine Brouard + 33 1 43 23 48 33 joséphine.brouard@credit-agricole-sa.fr Oriane Cante + 33 1 43 23 03 07 oriane.cante@credit-agricole-sa.fr Nicolas Ianna + 33 1 43 23 55 51 nicolas.ianna@credit-agricole-sa.fr Leila Mamou + 33 1 57 72 07 93 leila.mamou@credit-agricole-sa.fr Anna Pigoulevski + 33 1 43 23 40 59 anna.pigoulevski@credit-agricole-sa.fr Annabelle Wiriath + 33 1 43 23 55 52 annabelle.wiriath@credit-agricole-sa.fr Credit investors and rating agencies: Caroline Crépin + 33 1 43 23 83 65 caroline.crepin@credit-agricole-sa.fr Rhita Alami Hassani + 33 1 43 23 15 27 rhita.alamihassani@credit-agricole-sa.fr Florence Quintin de Kercadio + 33 1 43 23 25 32 florence.quintindekercadio@credit-agricole-sa.frCommunication Crédit AgricoleAlexandre Barat + 33 1 57 72 12 19 alexandre.barat@credit-agricole-sa.frOlivier Tassain + 33 1 43 23 25 41 olivier.tassain@credit-agricole-sa.frMathilde Durand + 33 1 57 72 19 43 mathilde.durand@credit-agricole-sa.frBénédicte Gouvert +33 1 49 53 43 64 benedicte.gouvert@ca-fnca.frFollow usAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey – quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.4 billion euros revenue in 2022. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.About Crédit Agricole GroupThe Crédit Agricole Group is the leading partner of the French economy and one of the largest banking groups in Europe. It is the leading retail bank in Europe as well as the first European asset manager  the first bancassurer in Europe and the third European player in project finance.Built on its strong cooperative and mutual roots  its 145 000 employees and the 27 000 directors of its Local and Regional Banks  the Crédit Agricole Group is a responsible and responsive bank serving 53 million customers  11 5 million mutual shareholders and 800 000 individual shareholders.Thanks to its universal customer-focused retail banking model – based on the cooperation between its retail banks and their r elated business lines –  the Crédit Agricole Group supports its customers’ projects in France and around the world: day-to-day banking  home loans  consumer finance  savings  insurances  asset management  real estate  leasing and factoring  and corporate and investment banking.Crédit Agricole also stands out for its dynamic  innovative corporate social responsibility policy  for the benefit of the economy. This policy is based on a pragmatic approach which permeates across the Group and engages each employee.Disclaimer WorldlineThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 25  2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342 and its Amendment filed on July 29  2022 under the filling number: D. 21-0342-A01.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.1 Pro/SME/Agri/FluxAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.87,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['CREDIT AGRICOLE SA', 'Crédit Agricole', 'exclusive discussions', 'major player', 'merchant services', 'Worldline', 'France', 'leading French retail banking Credit Agricole Group', 'Crédit Agricole Group unique distribution network', 'French “Cartes Bancaires” domestic scheme', 'Crédit Agricole S.A.', 'additional specific French market offerings', 'Worldline leading-edge global value proposition', 'largest continental European acquiring market', 'largest Continental Europe payment market', 'Crédit Agricole SA', 'billion Merchant Sales Value', 'merchant services value chain', 'value added business services', '2nd largest economy', 'largest payment market', 'broader European context', 'French payment industry', 'French market intimacy', 'French payment market', 'merchant acquiring footprint', 'merchant payment solutions', 'evolving merchant needs', 'La Défense', 'key differentiating factor', 'Deputy General Manager', 'robust economic performance', 'consistent policy frameworks', 'cashless payment methods', 'growing addressable market', 'resilient market share', 'merchant services activities', 'binding exclusive agreement', 'merchant services capabilities', 'merchant payments solutions', 'prominent payments processor', 'differentiating innovation roadmap', 'attractive investment environment', 'respective technological capabilities', 'card transactions volumes', 'Strategic long-term partnership', 'attractive growth opportunity', 'leading innovation', 'distribution capabilities', 'major payments player', 'distribution power', 'unique opportunity', 'payment services', 'payment volumes', 'commercial offerings', 'market growth', 'European leader', 'strategic market', 'global infrastructure', 'global leader', 'unique alliance', 'market leadership', 'market trends', 'high-potential market', 'French merchants', 'premier services', 'strategic business', 'comprehensive services', 'exclusive discussions', 'strategic flexibility', 'strategic partnership', 'major player', 'Contemplated creation', 'joint company', 'Gilles Grapinet', 'joint ambition', 'perfect fit', 'commercial footprint', 'balance sheet', 'Jean-Paul Mazoyer', 'trusted partner', 'critical area', 'integrated mastery', 'one offers', 'solid dynamics', 'high level', 'secular shift', 'strategic alliance', 'landmark transaction', 'online acceptance', 'strong institutions', 'cash penetration', 'two companies', 'art combination', 'France', 'MSV', 'technology', 'Paris', 'April', 'WLN', 'ACA', 'signing', 'CEO', 'products', 'scale', 'customers', 'years', 'ambitious', 'contribution', 'kind', 'financial', 'charge', 'Digital', 'cornerstone', 'relationship', '2025 ambitions', 'store', 'moving', 'ecosystem', 'The', 'sizable', 'readiness', 'receptiveness', 'continued', 'demand', 'country', 'strengths', 'state', 'type']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23294,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2649681/0/en/Cr%C3%A9dit-Agricole-and-Worldline-enter-into-exclusive-discussions-to-create-a-major-player-in-merchant-services-in-France.html,Crédit Agricole and Worldline enter into exclusive discussions to create a major player in merchant services in France,Crédit Agricole and Worldlineenter into exclusive discussions to create a major playerin merchant services in France  A unique alliance to create a...,English FrenchCrédit Agricole and Worldlineenter into exclusive discussions to create a major playerin merchant services in FranceA unique alliance to create a major payments playerin the largest Continental Europe payment market ofc.€ 700 billion Merchant Sales Value (“MSV”)Strategic long-term partnershipbetween the leading French retail banking Credit Agricole Group and WorldlineContemplated creation of a joint company fully operational by 2025 combiningCrédit Agricole’s merchant acquiring footprint  French market intimacy and distribution power with Worldline’s leading innovation  technologyand global infrastructureParis  La Défense  April 19  2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  and Crédit Agricole SA [Euronext: ACA]  announced today the signing of a non-binding exclusive agreement regarding a strategic partnership to create a major player in the French payment market.Gilles Grapinet  CEO of Worldline  said: “The contemplated strategic alliance we announce today between Worldline and Crédit Agricole is a landmark transaction for the Group. I am very proud that Worldline has been selected by Crédit Agricole for a strategic long-term partnership combining our merchant services capabilities  with the joint ambition to create a player able to deliver premier services to all merchants operating in France. The perfect fit of Worldline’s state-of-the-art products  technology and services at scale combined with Crédit Agricole Group unique distribution network and acquiring market leadership would be a key differentiating factor for our customers.For Worldline  this is a unique opportunity to further expand our footprint and to achieve scale within a few years on the largest continental European acquiring market. Through this strategic partnership  Worldline would also benefit from additional specific French market offerings while we intend to invest together with Crédit Agricole into an ambitious and differentiating innovation roadmap leveraging the Worldline leading-edge global value proposition.Structured primarily as a contribution in kind of our respective technological capabilities  commercial footprint and distribution capabilities to a joint company  this major contemplated transaction fully preserves our balance sheet and financial and strategic flexibility.”Jean-Paul Mazoyer  Deputy General Manager of Crédit Agricole S.A. in charge of Technology  Digital and Payments  commented: “Payments are a cornerstone of the relationship with our customers  hence a strategic business for the Credit Agricole Group. The partnership with Worldline would allow us to strengthen our market leadership in France for merchant payment solutions and fully aligns with Credit Agricole’s 2025 ambitions to outperform the market growth by 2x on merchant payments solutions. Worldline is a French and European leader in in-store and online acceptance and a prominent payments processor in Europe.Worldline is already a trusted partner of the Credit Agricole Group and  through this deepened strategic partnership  we would jointly develop comprehensive services for French merchants on the whole merchant services value chain (acceptance and acquiring) which is a fast-moving and critical area to their business. This integrated mastery would allow us to equip merchants with innovative all-in-one offers that integrate natively in their ecosystem and provide value added business services.”Attractive and evolving French payment marketFrance is a highly attractive and strategic market for Worldline. France is the 2nd largest economy in Continental Europe  enjoying robust economic performance  sustained by consistent policy frameworks and strong institutions  as well as an attractive investment environment.The French payment industry shows solid dynamics with a sizable and growing addressable market and a high level of readiness and receptiveness towards cashless payment methods. With aggregated Merchant Sales Value (MSV) of c.€ 700 billion  the French payment market is by far the largest payment market in Continental Europe.With cash penetration still high  at c.40% of payment volumes  the French market offers an attractive growth opportunity driven by the secular shift from cash to card and by continued demand for innovation. Combined with French “Cartes Bancaires” domestic scheme and its strong and resilient market share capturing c.80% of card transactions volumes  these market trends make France a particularly attractive country in the broader European context.The contemplated alliance between Crédit Agricole and Worldline is a unique opportunity for both companies to significantly expand their merchant services activities in this high-potential market.A partnership to create a major player in the French marketLeveraging the strengths of the two companies  the contemplated partnership would offer a state-of-the-art combination of technological and commercial offerings at scale allowing to adequately respond to any type of evolving merchant needs  whether local or global. It would be fueled by:Worldline’s vertical expertise embedded into strong instore and online capabilities to serve merchants at scale thanks to its global solutions  platforms and payment applications  and;Crédit Agricole’s strong distribution networks through the 39 Crédit Agricole ‘s Regional Banks and LCL bank  combining a deep French market presence with more than 16 000 banking advisors for enterprises1 and local knowledge in merchants acquiring.The partnership would be ensured by the set-up of a fully licensed joint-company between Crédit Agricole and Worldline. The joint-company would be majority owned (50% of total capital plus one share) and fully consolidated by Worldline. It would be in charge of leveraging Worldline’s global European processing platforms and of developing all the innovative products dedicated to the French market. The joint-company would also be in charge of the commercial development of the alliance  both directly for largest merchants in particular  and by providing an active support to the bank distribution channels.The contemplated joint-company would offer to the key accounts in France a full-service offering leveraging Worldline’s global acceptance and acquiring platform  including the domestic “Cartes Bancaires” scheme. In parallel  Worldline would be able to offer to its international merchants an access to the domestic scheme  further expanding its broad range of payment schemes.With respect to SMBs  this planned combination would also bring to merchants  whatever their size or location  deep access to an enriched offering of payment brands and means  and value-added services covering all their needs  from mobile acceptance devices to more traditional Point-of-Sales (POS: Point Of Sale) solutions for seamless payment experience  ultimately improving merchant experience and consumer purchasing journeys.These new all-in-one solutions combining instore and online capabilities at large and local scale to serve French merchants and consumers in the best way  coupled with the power of Crédit Agricole’s distribution network  would be a key differentiating factor to create a payments major player in France.Key steps of the partnership implementationThe contemplated operation remains subject to both parties’ works council consultation and to corporate authorizations and customary regulatory approval:2023-2024: Joint investment phase of € 80 million equally financed by Worldline and Crédit Agricole for the product and offering design  and joint company implementation2025 onwards: Full implementation of the joint company starting to generate revenues and OMDA.ContactsInvestor Relations WorldlineLaurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCommunication WorldlineSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comInvestor Relations Crédit Agricole SAInstitutional shareholders + 33 1 43 23 04 31 investor.relations@credit-agricole-sa.fr Individual shareholders + 33 800 000 777 (freephone number – France only) relation@actionnaires.credit-agricole.com Clotilde L’Angevin + 33 1 43 23 32 45 clotilde.langevin@credit-agricole-sa.frEquity investors: Jean-Yann AsserafFethi Azzoug + 33 1 57 72 23 81+ 33 1 57 72 03 75 jean-yann.asseraf@credit-agricole-sa.fr fethi.azzoug@credit-agricole-sa.fr Joséphine Brouard + 33 1 43 23 48 33 joséphine.brouard@credit-agricole-sa.fr Oriane Cante + 33 1 43 23 03 07 oriane.cante@credit-agricole-sa.fr Nicolas Ianna + 33 1 43 23 55 51 nicolas.ianna@credit-agricole-sa.fr Leila Mamou + 33 1 57 72 07 93 leila.mamou@credit-agricole-sa.fr Anna Pigoulevski + 33 1 43 23 40 59 anna.pigoulevski@credit-agricole-sa.fr Annabelle Wiriath + 33 1 43 23 55 52 annabelle.wiriath@credit-agricole-sa.fr Credit investors and rating agencies: Caroline Crépin + 33 1 43 23 83 65 caroline.crepin@credit-agricole-sa.fr Rhita Alami Hassani + 33 1 43 23 15 27 rhita.alamihassani@credit-agricole-sa.fr Florence Quintin de Kercadio + 33 1 43 23 25 32 florence.quintindekercadio@credit-agricole-sa.frCommunication Crédit AgricoleAlexandre Barat + 33 1 57 72 12 19 alexandre.barat@credit-agricole-sa.frOlivier Tassain + 33 1 43 23 25 41 olivier.tassain@credit-agricole-sa.frMathilde Durand + 33 1 57 72 19 43 mathilde.durand@credit-agricole-sa.frBénédicte Gouvert +33 1 49 53 43 64 benedicte.gouvert@ca-fnca.frAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey – quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.4 billion euros revenue in 2022. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.About Crédit Agricole GroupThe Crédit Agricole Group is the leading partner of the French economy and one of the largest banking groups in Europe. It is the leading retail bank in Europe as well as the first European asset manager  the first bancassurer in Europe and the third European player in project finance.Built on its strong cooperative and mutual roots  its 145 000 employees and the 27 000 directors of its Local and Regional Banks  the Crédit Agricole Group is a responsible and responsive bank serving 53 million customers  11 5 million mutual shareholders and 800 000 individual shareholders.Thanks to its universal customer-focused retail banking model – based on the cooperation between its retail banks and their r elated business lines –  the Crédit Agricole Group supports its customers’ projects in France and around the world: day-to-day banking  home loans  consumer finance  savings  insurances  asset management  real estate  leasing and factoring  and corporate and investment banking.Crédit Agricole also stands out for its dynamic  innovative corporate social responsibility policy  for the benefit of the economy. This policy is based on a pragmatic approach which permeates across the Group and engages each employee.Disclaimer WorldlineThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 25  2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342 and its Amendment filed on July 29  2022 under the filling number: D. 21-0342-A01.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.1 Pro/SME/Agri/FluxAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['Crédit Agricole', 'exclusive discussions', 'major player', 'merchant services', 'Worldline', 'France', 'leading French retail banking Credit Agricole Group', 'Crédit Agricole Group unique distribution network', 'French “Cartes Bancaires” domestic scheme', 'Crédit Agricole S.A.', 'additional specific French market offerings', 'Worldline leading-edge global value proposition', 'largest continental European acquiring market', 'largest Continental Europe payment market', 'Crédit Agricole SA', 'billion Merchant Sales Value', 'merchant services value chain', 'value added business services', '2nd largest economy', 'largest payment market', 'broader European context', 'French payment industry', 'merchant acquiring footprint', 'merchant payment solutions', 'evolving merchant needs', 'French market intimacy', 'French payment market', 'La Défense', 'key differentiating factor', 'Deputy General Manager', 'robust economic performance', 'consistent policy frameworks', 'cashless payment methods', 'growing addressable market', 'resilient market share', 'merchant services activities', 'binding exclusive agreement', 'merchant services capabilities', 'merchant payments solutions', 'prominent payments processor', 'differentiating innovation roadmap', 'attractive investment environment', 'respective technological capabilities', 'card transactions volumes', 'Strategic long-term partnership', 'attractive growth opportunity', 'leading innovation', 'distribution capabilities', 'major payments player', 'distribution power', 'unique opportunity', 'payment services', 'payment volumes', 'commercial offerings', 'market growth', 'European leader', 'English French', 'strategic market', 'global infrastructure', 'global leader', 'unique alliance', 'market leadership', 'market trends', 'high-potential market', 'premier services', 'strategic business', 'comprehensive services', 'exclusive discussions', 'French merchants', 'strategic flexibility', 'strategic partnership', 'major player', 'Contemplated creation', 'joint company', 'Gilles Grapinet', 'joint ambition', 'perfect fit', 'commercial footprint', 'balance sheet', 'Jean-Paul Mazoyer', 'trusted partner', 'critical area', 'integrated mastery', 'one offers', 'solid dynamics', 'high level', 'secular shift', 'strategic alliance', 'landmark transaction', 'online acceptance', 'strong institutions', 'cash penetration', 'two companies', 'art combination', 'France', 'MSV', 'technology', 'Paris', 'WLN', 'ACA', 'signing', 'CEO', 'products', 'scale', 'customers', 'years', 'ambitious', 'contribution', 'kind', 'financial', 'charge', 'Digital', 'cornerstone', 'relationship', '2025 ambitions', 'store', 'moving', 'ecosystem', 'The', 'sizable', 'readiness', 'receptiveness', 'continued', 'demand', 'country', 'strengths', 'state', 'type']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23295,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2649679/0/en/CREDIT-AGRICOLE-SA-Cr%C3%A9dit-Agricole-and-Worldline-enter-into-exclusive-discussions-to-create-a-major-player-in-merchant-services-in-France.html,CREDIT AGRICOLE SA: Crédit Agricole and Worldline enter into exclusive discussions to create a major player in merchant services in France,Crédit Agricole and Worldlineenter into exclusive discussions to create a major playerin merchant services in France     A unique alliance to create a......,French EnglishCrédit Agricole and Worldlineenter into exclusive discussions to create a major playerin merchant services in FranceA unique alliance to create a major payments playerin the largest Continental Europe payment market ofc.€ 700 billion Merchant Sales Value (“MSV”)Strategic long-term partnershipbetween the leading French retail banking Credit Agricole Group and WorldlineContemplated creation of a joint company fully operational by 2025 combiningCrédit Agricole’s merchant acquiring footprint  French market intimacy and distribution power with Worldline’s leading innovation  technologyand global infrastructureParis  La Défense  April 19  2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  and Crédit Agricole SA [Euronext: ACA]  announced today the signing of a non-binding exclusive agreement regarding a strategic partnership to create a major player in the French payment market.Gilles Grapinet  CEO of Worldline  said: “The contemplated strategic alliance we announce today between Worldline and Crédit Agricole is a landmark transaction for the Group. I am very proud that Worldline has been selected by Crédit Agricole for a strategic long-term partnership combining our merchant services capabilities  with the joint ambition to create a player able to deliver premier services to all merchants operating in France. The perfect fit of Worldline’s state-of-the-art products  technology and services at scale combined with Crédit Agricole Group unique distribution network and acquiring market leadership would be a key differentiating factor for our customers.For Worldline  this is a unique opportunity to further expand our footprint and to achieve scale within a few years on the largest continental European acquiring market. Through this strategic partnership  Worldline would also benefit from additional specific French market offerings while we intend to invest together with Crédit Agricole into an ambitious and differentiating innovation roadmap leveraging the Worldline leading-edge global value proposition.Structured primarily as a contribution in kind of our respective technological capabilities  commercial footprint and distribution capabilities to a joint company  this major contemplated transaction fully preserves our balance sheet and financial and strategic flexibility.”Jean-Paul Mazoyer  Deputy General Manager of Crédit Agricole S.A. in charge of Technology  Digital and Payments  commented: “Payments are a cornerstone of the relationship with our customers  hence a strategic business for the Credit Agricole Group. The partnership with Worldline would allow us to strengthen our market leadership in France for merchant payment solutions and fully aligns with Credit Agricole’s 2025 ambitions to outperform the market growth by 2x on merchant payments solutions. Worldline is a French and European leader in in-store and online acceptance and a prominent payments processor in Europe.Worldline is already a trusted partner of the Credit Agricole Group and  through this deepened strategic partnership  we would jointly develop comprehensive services for French merchants on the whole merchant services value chain (acceptance and acquiring) which is a fast-moving and critical area to their business. This integrated mastery would allow us to equip merchants with innovative all-in-one offers that integrate natively in their ecosystem and provide value added business services.”Attractive and evolving French payment marketFrance is a highly attractive and strategic market for Worldline. France is the 2nd largest economy in Continental Europe  enjoying robust economic performance  sustained by consistent policy frameworks and strong institutions  as well as an attractive investment environment.The French payment industry shows solid dynamics with a sizable and growing addressable market and a high level of readiness and receptiveness towards cashless payment methods. With aggregated Merchant Sales Value (MSV) of c.€ 700 billion  the French payment market is by far the largest payment market in Continental Europe.With cash penetration still high  at c.40% of payment volumes  the French market offers an attractive growth opportunity driven by the secular shift from cash to card and by continued demand for innovation. Combined with French “Cartes Bancaires” domestic scheme and its strong and resilient market share capturing c.80% of card transactions volumes  these market trends make France a particularly attractive country in the broader European context.The contemplated alliance between Crédit Agricole and Worldline is a unique opportunity for both companies to significantly expand their merchant services activities in this high-potential market.A partnership to create a major player in the French marketLeveraging the strengths of the two companies  the contemplated partnership would offer a state-of-the-art combination of technological and commercial offerings at scale allowing to adequately respond to any type of evolving merchant needs  whether local or global. It would be fueled by:Worldline’s vertical expertise embedded into strong instore and online capabilities to serve merchants at scale thanks to its global solutions  platforms and payment applications  and;Crédit Agricole’s strong distribution networks through the 39 Crédit Agricole ‘s Regional Banks and LCL bank  combining a deep French market presence with more than 16 000 banking advisors for enterprises1 and local knowledge in merchants acquiring.The partnership would be ensured by the set-up of a fully licensed joint-company between Crédit Agricole and Worldline. The joint-company would be majority owned (50% of total capital plus one share) and fully consolidated by Worldline. It would be in charge of leveraging Worldline’s global European processing platforms and of developing all the innovative products dedicated to the French market. The joint-company would also be in charge of the commercial development of the alliance  both directly for largest merchants in particular  and by providing an active support to the bank distribution channels.The contemplated joint-company would offer to the key accounts in France a full-service offering leveraging Worldline’s global acceptance and acquiring platform  including the domestic “Cartes Bancaires” scheme. In parallel  Worldline would be able to offer to its international merchants an access to the domestic scheme  further expanding its broad range of payment schemes.With respect to SMBs  this planned combination would also bring to merchants  whatever their size or location  deep access to an enriched offering of payment brands and means  and value-added services covering all their needs  from mobile acceptance devices to more traditional Point-of-Sales (POS: Point Of Sale) solutions for seamless payment experience  ultimately improving merchant experience and consumer purchasing journeys.These new all-in-one solutions combining instore and online capabilities at large and local scale to serve French merchants and consumers in the best way  coupled with the power of Crédit Agricole’s distribution network  would be a key differentiating factor to create a payments major player in France.Key steps of the partnership implementationThe contemplated operation remains subject to both parties’ works council consultation and to corporate authorizations and customary regulatory approval:2023-2024: Joint investment phase of € 80 million equally financed by Worldline and Crédit Agricole for the product and offering design  and joint company implementation2025 onwards: Full implementation of the joint company starting to generate revenues and OMDA.ContactsInvestor Relations WorldlineLaurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCommunication WorldlineSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comInvestor Relations Crédit Agricole SAInstitutional shareholders + 33 1 43 23 04 31 investor.relations@credit-agricole-sa.fr Individual shareholders + 33 800 000 777 (freephone number – France only) relation@actionnaires.credit-agricole.com Clotilde L’Angevin + 33 1 43 23 32 45 clotilde.langevin@credit-agricole-sa.frEquity investors: Jean-Yann AsserafFethi Azzoug + 33 1 57 72 23 81+ 33 1 57 72 03 75 jean-yann.asseraf@credit-agricole-sa.fr fethi.azzoug@credit-agricole-sa.fr Joséphine Brouard + 33 1 43 23 48 33 joséphine.brouard@credit-agricole-sa.fr Oriane Cante + 33 1 43 23 03 07 oriane.cante@credit-agricole-sa.fr Nicolas Ianna + 33 1 43 23 55 51 nicolas.ianna@credit-agricole-sa.fr Leila Mamou + 33 1 57 72 07 93 leila.mamou@credit-agricole-sa.fr Anna Pigoulevski + 33 1 43 23 40 59 anna.pigoulevski@credit-agricole-sa.fr Annabelle Wiriath + 33 1 43 23 55 52 annabelle.wiriath@credit-agricole-sa.fr Credit investors and rating agencies: Caroline Crépin + 33 1 43 23 83 65 caroline.crepin@credit-agricole-sa.fr Rhita Alami Hassani + 33 1 43 23 15 27 rhita.alamihassani@credit-agricole-sa.fr Florence Quintin de Kercadio + 33 1 43 23 25 32 florence.quintindekercadio@credit-agricole-sa.frCommunication Crédit AgricoleAlexandre Barat + 33 1 57 72 12 19 alexandre.barat@credit-agricole-sa.frOlivier Tassain + 33 1 43 23 25 41 olivier.tassain@credit-agricole-sa.frMathilde Durand + 33 1 57 72 19 43 mathilde.durand@credit-agricole-sa.frBénédicte Gouvert +33 1 49 53 43 64 benedicte.gouvert@ca-fnca.frFollow usAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey – quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.4 billion euros revenue in 2022. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.About Crédit Agricole GroupThe Crédit Agricole Group is the leading partner of the French economy and one of the largest banking groups in Europe. It is the leading retail bank in Europe as well as the first European asset manager  the first bancassurer in Europe and the third European player in project finance.Built on its strong cooperative and mutual roots  its 145 000 employees and the 27 000 directors of its Local and Regional Banks  the Crédit Agricole Group is a responsible and responsive bank serving 53 million customers  11 5 million mutual shareholders and 800 000 individual shareholders.Thanks to its universal customer-focused retail banking model – based on the cooperation between its retail banks and their r elated business lines –  the Crédit Agricole Group supports its customers’ projects in France and around the world: day-to-day banking  home loans  consumer finance  savings  insurances  asset management  real estate  leasing and factoring  and corporate and investment banking.Crédit Agricole also stands out for its dynamic  innovative corporate social responsibility policy  for the benefit of the economy. This policy is based on a pragmatic approach which permeates across the Group and engages each employee.Disclaimer WorldlineThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 25  2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342 and its Amendment filed on July 29  2022 under the filling number: D. 21-0342-A01.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.1 Pro/SME/Agri/FluxAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['CREDIT AGRICOLE SA', 'Crédit Agricole', 'exclusive discussions', 'major player', 'merchant services', 'Worldline', 'France', 'leading French retail banking Credit Agricole Group', 'Crédit Agricole Group unique distribution network', 'French “Cartes Bancaires” domestic scheme', 'Crédit Agricole S.A.', 'additional specific French market offerings', 'Worldline leading-edge global value proposition', 'largest continental European acquiring market', 'largest Continental Europe payment market', 'Crédit Agricole SA', 'billion Merchant Sales Value', 'merchant services value chain', 'value added business services', '2nd largest economy', 'largest payment market', 'broader European context', 'French payment industry', 'merchant acquiring footprint', 'merchant payment solutions', 'evolving merchant needs', 'French market intimacy', 'French payment market', 'La Défense', 'key differentiating factor', 'Deputy General Manager', 'robust economic performance', 'consistent policy frameworks', 'cashless payment methods', 'growing addressable market', 'resilient market share', 'merchant services activities', 'binding exclusive agreement', 'merchant services capabilities', 'merchant payments solutions', 'prominent payments processor', 'differentiating innovation roadmap', 'attractive investment environment', 'respective technological capabilities', 'card transactions volumes', 'Strategic long-term partnership', 'attractive growth opportunity', 'leading innovation', 'distribution capabilities', 'major payments player', 'distribution power', 'unique opportunity', 'payment services', 'payment volumes', 'commercial offerings', 'market growth', 'European leader', 'French English', 'strategic market', 'global infrastructure', 'global leader', 'unique alliance', 'market leadership', 'market trends', 'high-potential market', 'premier services', 'strategic business', 'comprehensive services', 'exclusive discussions', 'French merchants', 'strategic flexibility', 'strategic partnership', 'major player', 'Contemplated creation', 'joint company', 'Gilles Grapinet', 'joint ambition', 'perfect fit', 'commercial footprint', 'balance sheet', 'Jean-Paul Mazoyer', 'trusted partner', 'critical area', 'integrated mastery', 'one offers', 'solid dynamics', 'high level', 'secular shift', 'strategic alliance', 'landmark transaction', 'online acceptance', 'strong institutions', 'cash penetration', 'two companies', 'art combination', 'France', 'MSV', 'technology', 'Paris', 'WLN', 'ACA', 'signing', 'CEO', 'products', 'scale', 'customers', 'years', 'ambitious', 'contribution', 'kind', 'financial', 'charge', 'Digital', 'cornerstone', 'relationship', '2025 ambitions', 'store', 'moving', 'ecosystem', 'The', 'sizable', 'readiness', 'receptiveness', 'continued', 'demand', 'country', 'strengths', 'state', 'type']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23296,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WORLDLINE-16783982/news/Credit-Agricole-and-Worldline-enter-into-exclusive-discussions-to-create-a-major-player-in-merchant-43536981/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Crédit Agricole and Worldline enter into exclusive discussions to create a major player in merchant services in France,(marketscreener.com) Crédit Agricole and Worldlineenter into exclusive discussions to create a major playerin merchant services in France A unique alliance to create a major payments player in the largest Continental Europe payment market ofc.€ 700 billion Me…,Crédit Agricole and Worldlineenter into exclusive discussions to create a major playerin merchant services in FranceA unique alliance to create a major payments playerin the largest Continental Europe payment market ofc.€ 700 billion Merchant Sales Value (“MSV”)Strategic long-term partnershipbetween the leading French retail banking Credit Agricole Group and WorldlineContemplated creation of a joint company fully operational by 2025 combiningCrédit Agricole’s merchant acquiring footprint  French market intimacy and distribution power with Worldline’s leading innovation  technologyand global infrastructureParis  La Défense  April 19  2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  and Crédit Agricole SA [Euronext: ACA]  announced today the signing of a non-binding exclusive agreement regarding a strategic partnership to create a major player in the French payment market.Gilles Grapinet  CEO of Worldline  said: “The contemplated strategic alliance we announce today between Worldline and Crédit Agricole is a landmark transaction for the Group. I am very proud that Worldline has been selected by Crédit Agricole for a strategic long-term partnership combining our merchant services capabilities  with the joint ambition to create a player able to deliver premier services to all merchants operating in France. The perfect fit of Worldline’s state-of-the-art products  technology and services at scale combined with Crédit Agricole Group unique distribution network and acquiring market leadership would be a key differentiating factor for our customers.For Worldline  this is a unique opportunity to further expand our footprint and to achieve scale within a few years on the largest continental European acquiring market. Through this strategic partnership  Worldline would also benefit from additional specific French market offerings while we intend to invest together with Crédit Agricole into an ambitious and differentiating innovation roadmap leveraging the Worldline leading-edge global value proposition.Structured primarily as a contribution in kind of our respective technological capabilities  commercial footprint and distribution capabilities to a joint company  this major contemplated transaction fully preserves our balance sheet and financial and strategic flexibility.”Jean-Paul Mazoyer  Deputy General Manager of Crédit Agricole S.A. in charge of Technology  Digital and Payments  commented: “Payments are a cornerstone of the relationship with our customers  hence a strategic business for the Credit Agricole Group. The partnership with Worldline would allow us to strengthen our market leadership in France for merchant payment solutions and fully aligns with Credit Agricole’s 2025 ambitions to outperform the market growth by 2x on merchant payments solutions. Worldline is a French and European leader in in-store and online acceptance and a prominent payments processor in Europe.Worldline is already a trusted partner of the Credit Agricole Group and  through this deepened strategic partnership  we would jointly develop comprehensive services for French merchants on the whole merchant services value chain (acceptance and acquiring) which is a fast-moving and critical area to their business. This integrated mastery would allow us to equip merchants with innovative all-in-one offers that integrate natively in their ecosystem and provide value added business services.”Attractive and evolving French payment marketFrance is a highly attractive and strategic market for Worldline. France is the 2nd largest economy in Continental Europe  enjoying robust economic performance  sustained by consistent policy frameworks and strong institutions  as well as an attractive investment environment.The French payment industry shows solid dynamics with a sizable and growing addressable market and a high level of readiness and receptiveness towards cashless payment methods. With aggregated Merchant Sales Value (MSV) of c.€ 700 billion  the French payment market is by far the largest payment market in Continental Europe.With cash penetration still high  at c.40% of payment volumes  the French market offers an attractive growth opportunity driven by the secular shift from cash to card and by continued demand for innovation. Combined with French “Cartes Bancaires” domestic scheme and its strong and resilient market share capturing c.80% of card transactions volumes  these market trends make France a particularly attractive country in the broader European context.The contemplated alliance between Crédit Agricole and Worldline is a unique opportunity for both companies to significantly expand their merchant services activities in this high-potential market.A partnership to create a major player in the French marketLeveraging the strengths of the two companies  the contemplated partnership would offer a state-of-the-art combination of technological and commercial offerings at scale allowing to adequately respond to any type of evolving merchant needs  whether local or global. It would be fueled by:Worldline’s vertical expertise embedded into strong instore and online capabilities to serve merchants at scale thanks to its global solutions  platforms and payment applications  and;Crédit Agricole’s strong distribution networks through the 39 Crédit Agricole ‘s Regional Banks and LCL bank  combining a deep French market presence with more than 16 000 banking advisors for enterprises1 and local knowledge in merchants acquiring.The partnership would be ensured by the set-up of a fully licensed joint-company between Crédit Agricole and Worldline. The joint-company would be majority owned (50% of total capital plus one share) and fully consolidated by Worldline. It would be in charge of leveraging Worldline’s global European processing platforms and of developing all the innovative products dedicated to the French market. The joint-company would also be in charge of the commercial development of the alliance  both directly for largest merchants in particular  and by providing an active support to the bank distribution channels.The contemplated joint-company would offer to the key accounts in France a full-service offering leveraging Worldline’s global acceptance and acquiring platform  including the domestic “Cartes Bancaires” scheme. In parallel  Worldline would be able to offer to its international merchants an access to the domestic scheme  further expanding its broad range of payment schemes.With respect to SMBs  this planned combination would also bring to merchants  whatever their size or location  deep access to an enriched offering of payment brands and means  and value-added services covering all their needs  from mobile acceptance devices to more traditional Point-of-Sales (POS: Point Of Sale) solutions for seamless payment experience  ultimately improving merchant experience and consumer purchasing journeys.These new all-in-one solutions combining instore and online capabilities at large and local scale to serve French merchants and consumers in the best way  coupled with the power of Crédit Agricole’s distribution network  would be a key differentiating factor to create a payments major player in France.Key steps of the partnership implementationThe contemplated operation remains subject to both parties’ works council consultation and to corporate authorizations and customary regulatory approval:2023-2024: Joint investment phase of € 80 million equally financed by Worldline and Crédit Agricole for the product and offering design  and joint company implementation2025 onwards: Full implementation of the joint company starting to generate revenues and OMDA.ContactsInvestor Relations WorldlineLaurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCommunication WorldlineSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comInvestor Relations Crédit Agricole SAInstitutional shareholders + 33 1 43 23 04 31 investor.relations@credit-agricole-sa.fr Individual shareholders + 33 800 000 777 (freephone number – France only) relation@actionnaires.credit-agricole.com Clotilde L’Angevin + 33 1 43 23 32 45 clotilde.langevin@credit-agricole-sa.frEquity investors: Jean-Yann AsserafFethi Azzoug + 33 1 57 72 23 81+ 33 1 57 72 03 75 jean-yann.asseraf@credit-agricole-sa.fr fethi.azzoug@credit-agricole-sa.fr Joséphine Brouard + 33 1 43 23 48 33 joséphine.brouard@credit-agricole-sa.fr Oriane Cante + 33 1 43 23 03 07 oriane.cante@credit-agricole-sa.fr Nicolas Ianna + 33 1 43 23 55 51 nicolas.ianna@credit-agricole-sa.fr Leila Mamou + 33 1 57 72 07 93 leila.mamou@credit-agricole-sa.fr Anna Pigoulevski + 33 1 43 23 40 59 anna.pigoulevski@credit-agricole-sa.fr Annabelle Wiriath + 33 1 43 23 55 52 annabelle.wiriath@credit-agricole-sa.fr Credit investors and rating agencies: Caroline Crépin + 33 1 43 23 83 65 caroline.crepin@credit-agricole-sa.fr Rhita Alami Hassani + 33 1 43 23 15 27 rhita.alamihassani@credit-agricole-sa.fr Florence Quintin de Kercadio + 33 1 43 23 25 32 florence.quintindekercadio@credit-agricole-sa.frCommunication Crédit AgricoleAlexandre Barat + 33 1 57 72 12 19 alexandre.barat@credit-agricole-sa.frOlivier Tassain + 33 1 43 23 25 41 olivier.tassain@credit-agricole-sa.frMathilde Durand + 33 1 57 72 19 43 mathilde.durand@credit-agricole-sa.frBénédicte Gouvert +33 1 49 53 43 64 benedicte.gouvert@ca-fnca.frAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey – quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.4 billion euros revenue in 2022. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.About Crédit Agricole GroupThe Crédit Agricole Group is the leading partner of the French economy and one of the largest banking groups in Europe. It is the leading retail bank in Europe as well as the first European asset manager  the first bancassurer in Europe and the third European player in project finance.Built on its strong cooperative and mutual roots  its 145 000 employees and the 27 000 directors of its Local and Regional Banks  the Crédit Agricole Group is a responsible and responsive bank serving 53 million customers  11 5 million mutual shareholders and 800 000 individual shareholders.Thanks to its universal customer-focused retail banking model – based on the cooperation between its retail banks and their r elated business lines –  the Crédit Agricole Group supports its customers’ projects in France and around the world: day-to-day banking  home loans  consumer finance  savings  insurances  asset management  real estate  leasing and factoring  and corporate and investment banking.Crédit Agricole also stands out for its dynamic  innovative corporate social responsibility policy  for the benefit of the economy. This policy is based on a pragmatic approach which permeates across the Group and engages each employee.Disclaimer WorldlineThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 25  2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342 and its Amendment filed on July 29  2022 under the filling number: D. 21-0342-A01.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.1 Pro/SME/Agri/FluxAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.87,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['Crédit Agricole', 'exclusive discussions', 'major player', 'merchant services', 'Worldline', 'France', 'leading French retail banking Credit Agricole Group', 'Crédit Agricole Group unique distribution network', 'French “Cartes Bancaires” domestic scheme', 'Crédit Agricole S.A.', 'additional specific French market offerings', 'Worldline leading-edge global value proposition', 'largest continental European acquiring market', 'largest Continental Europe payment market', 'Crédit Agricole SA', 'billion Merchant Sales Value', 'merchant services value chain', 'value added business services', '2nd largest economy', 'largest payment market', 'broader European context', 'French payment industry', 'French market intimacy', 'French payment market', 'merchant acquiring footprint', 'merchant payment solutions', 'evolving merchant needs', 'La Défense', 'key differentiating factor', 'Deputy General Manager', 'robust economic performance', 'consistent policy frameworks', 'cashless payment methods', 'growing addressable market', 'resilient market share', 'merchant services activities', 'binding exclusive agreement', 'merchant services capabilities', 'merchant payments solutions', 'prominent payments processor', 'differentiating innovation roadmap', 'attractive investment environment', 'respective technological capabilities', 'card transactions volumes', 'Strategic long-term partnership', 'attractive growth opportunity', 'leading innovation', 'distribution capabilities', 'major payments player', 'distribution power', 'unique opportunity', 'payment services', 'payment volumes', 'commercial offerings', 'market growth', 'European leader', 'strategic market', 'global infrastructure', 'global leader', 'unique alliance', 'market leadership', 'market trends', 'high-potential market', 'French merchants', 'premier services', 'strategic business', 'comprehensive services', 'exclusive discussions', 'strategic flexibility', 'strategic partnership', 'major player', 'Contemplated creation', 'joint company', 'Gilles Grapinet', 'joint ambition', 'perfect fit', 'commercial footprint', 'balance sheet', 'Jean-Paul Mazoyer', 'trusted partner', 'critical area', 'integrated mastery', 'one offers', 'solid dynamics', 'high level', 'secular shift', 'strategic alliance', 'landmark transaction', 'online acceptance', 'strong institutions', 'cash penetration', 'two companies', 'art combination', 'France', 'MSV', 'technology', 'Paris', 'April', 'WLN', 'ACA', 'signing', 'CEO', 'products', 'scale', 'customers', 'years', 'ambitious', 'contribution', 'kind', 'financial', 'charge', 'Digital', 'cornerstone', 'relationship', '2025 ambitions', 'store', 'moving', 'ecosystem', 'The', 'sizable', 'readiness', 'receptiveness', 'continued', 'demand', 'country', 'strengths', 'state', 'type']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23297,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/XIOR-STUDENT-HOUSING-25331470/news/Xior-Student-Housing-Press-release-publication-of-Annual-Financial-Report-2022-including-Sustaina-43536887/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Xior Student Housing : Press release publication of Annual Financial Report 2022 (including Sustainability Report),(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Antwerp  Belgium |19 April 2023 | 7h00 CET   Regulated information   Inside information   Publication of Annual Financial Report 2022      Notice of Ordinary General Meeting   ...https://www.market…,PRESS RELEASE Antwerp  Belgium |19 April 2023 | 7h00 CET Regulated information Inside information Publication of Annual Financial Report 2022 (including Sustainability Report) Notice of Ordinary General Meeting Update divestment programme and Basecamp transaction Publication of Annual Financial Report and Sustainability Report 2022 Xior Student Housing NV  the BE-REIT specialising in student housing in Belgium  the Netherlands  Spain  Portugal  Germany  Poland  Denmark and Sweden  announces the publication of its Annual Financial Report 2022 (including Sustainability Report). Xior also publishes the notice of the Annual Ordinary General Meeting on 19 May 2023. The Annual Report  including the Sustainability Report  is available on Xior's website (Dutch& English). The Ordinary General Meeting will be held on Friday 19 May 2023 at 10:00 am (CET) at the Company's registered office. The notice  including agenda and practical arrangements  as well as a proxy form  are also available on the Company's website. Update divestment programme Xior announced last year a divestment programme of its least efficient  least sustainable or non-core assets to optimise its portfolio and control its leverage. The first phase of this divestment programme with a total of 60 MEUR identified assets has already been fully realised. These assets have either already been sold  or are under an agreement/binding offer  or under exclusivity with an expected realisation before year-end and a sales value at least equal to book value. Xior remains committed to its divestment programme and is further accelerating this through the announcement of a second  more substantial phase with approx. 170 MEUR of additional identified divestments. In order to preserve the confidentiality of the ongoing bidding process  Xior cannot currently provide further details on the properties involved. Xior expects to provide more information on this upon publication of the half-year results are published here. Full completion of both phases of the divestment programme is expected before the end of 2023  which would have a positive impact on the LTV of around 3.8% pro forma per 31 December 2022. Basecamp update In the context of the Basecamp acquisition  as previously announced  a capital increase will take place on 25 April 2023 for an amount of 36 MEUR (still to be adjusted for the customary adjustments for estimated amounts of cash  debt and net working capital  among others) at an issue price of 44 EUR. The exact number of new shares that will be issued (including the new denominator)  will be published on 25 April 2023. 1PRESS RELEASE Antwerp  Belgium | 19 April 2023 | 7h00 CET Regulated information Inside information Ex-date coupon no. 22 & 23 As part of this issue  Xior has requested to detach coupon no. 22 and no. 23  effective 21 April 2023 (ex- date). Coupon no. 22 concerns the pro rata gross dividend entitlement for the previous financial year 2022 from 15 September 2022 (inclusive) to 31 December 2022 (with a value of 0.4900 EUR)1; Coupon no. 23 concerns the pro rata gross dividend entitlement for the current 2023 financial year from its inception (1 January 2023) to 24 April 2023 (inclusive) (with a value of 0.5497 EUR taking into account the expected dividend of 1.7600 EUR for the current 2023 financial year). The new shares will be issued with coupons no. 24 and following attached and thereby entitle the holders to the profit from 25 April 2023 (inclusive). The vast majority of these shares are also subject to a 6-monthlock-up  as described in the Securities Note dated 13 September 2022. The existing shares will continue to trade with coupon no. 22 and no. 23 attached until 20 April 2023. Earn-out Basecamp The total consideration for the acquisition of the Basecamp management and development activities consisted of the initial consideration (mentioned above) of 36 MEUR and an earn-out of 34 MEUR if the earn-out conditions were met (as may be adjusted pursuant to the closing accounts calculations for differences between the estimated and the final amounts of cash  debt and net working capital  among others). In the meantime  7 new potential investment files meeting these earn-out conditions were proposed by the Basecamp teams  resulting in the full triggering of the earn-out. The effective payment of this earn-out will take place in phases: 50% on 31 March 2024 and 50% on 31 March 2025 by means of an issue of new shares at a price per share equal to the 30-day VWAP per share on Euronext Brussels immediately prior to the relevant payment date of the concerned part of the earn-out2. All such shares will be subject to a six-monthlock-up. Optimisation of management structure In response to changing market conditions  Xior shifted its focus from external to internal growth with an increased focus on debt and cost control. The management structure was thoroughly analysed and rationalized. Because of the reduced number of investments and developments in the coming months  Mr. Armon Bar-Tur's role as CGO (chief growth officer) will not commence. These responsibilities will be assumed by the CEO. The total gross dividend for 2022 is 1.656 EUR per share spread between coupon no 21. (1.1660 EUR)  already detached on 15 September 2022  and coupon no. 22 (0.4900 EUR)  subject to the approval of the General Meeting on 19 May 2023. Minus the gross amount of the coupon detached from the shares on the day prior to the relevant payment date of the earn-out amount (after exchange) 2PRESS RELEASE Antwerp  Belgium | 19 April 2023 | 7h00 CET Regulated information Inside information Financial calendar 2023 Below is the financial calendar for 2023. Date* Item 21 April 2023 Ex-date coupon no. 22 & 23 26 April 2023 Announcement of results 1st quarter 2023 (before start of trading) 5 May 2023 Registration date attendance at the Ordinary General Meeting 13 May 2023 Deadline for confirmation of participation Ordinary General Meeting (bank certificate/proxy) 19 May 2023 Ordinary General Meeting 24 May 2023 Dividend payment date 2022 (coupon no. 21 & 22) 4 August 2023 Announcement of half-year results 2023 and publication of Half-Year Financial Report 2023 (before start of trading) 26 October 2023 Announcement of results 3rd quarter 2023 (before start of trading) *These dates are subject to change. For more information  please contact: Xior Student Housing NV Christian Teunissen  CEO Xior Investor Relations Frankrijklei 64-68 Frederik Snauwaert  CFO Sandra Aznar 2000 Antwerp  Belgium info@xior.be Head of Investor Relations www.xior.be T +32 3 257 04 89 ir@xior.be T +32 3 257 04 89 3,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Xior Student Housing', 'Press release publication', 'Annual Financial Report', 'Sustainability Report', 'pro rata gross dividend entitlement', 'Ordinary General Meeting Update divestment programme', 'The Ordinary General Meeting', 'Annual Ordinary General Meeting', 'second, more substantial phase', '7 new potential investment files', '7h00 CET Regulated information', 'Xior Student Housing NV', 'The Annual Report', 'efficient, least sustainable', 'ongoing bidding process', 'previous financial year', 'current 2023 financial year', 'closing accounts calculations', 'Mr. Armon Bar-Tur', 'Annual Financial Report', 'net working capital', 'chief growth officer', 'changing market conditions', 'relevant payment date', 'Basecamp transaction Publication', '3.8% pro forma', 'Basecamp update', 'first phase', 'capital increase', 'Sustainability Report', 'effective payment', 'internal growth', 'new denominator', 'out conditions', 'new shares', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'BE-REIT specialising', 'registered office', 'practical arrangements', 'proxy form', 'agreement/binding offer', 'half-year results', 'Full completion', 'positive impact', 'customary adjustments', 'exact number', 'vast majority', 'Securities Note', 'Basecamp management', 'development activities', 'initial consideration', 'Basecamp teams', 'full triggering', '30-day VWAP', 'Euronext Brussels', 'management structure', 'cost control', 'reduced number', 'coming months', 'existing shares', 'information Publication', 'Friday 19 May', 'sales value', 'book value', 'Basecamp acquisition', 'total consideration', 'final amounts', 'concerned part', 'non-core assets', 'Ex-date coupon', 'issue price', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'April', 'Notice', 'Netherlands', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'Denmark', 'Sweden', 'website', 'Dutch', '10:00 am', 'Company', 'agenda', 'portfolio', 'leverage', '60 MEUR', 'exclusivity', 'realisation', 'year-end', 'announcement', '170 MEUR', 'additional', 'divestments', 'order', 'confidentiality', 'details', 'properties', 'phases', 'LTV', '31 December', 'context', 'place', '36 MEUR', 'estimated', 'cash', 'debt', 'others', 'no.', '15 September', 'inception', 'expected', 'coupons', 'holders', 'profit', '6-monthlock-up', '34 MEUR', 'earn', 'differences', 'meantime', '31 March', 'means', 'six-monthlock-up', 'Optimisation', 'response', 'focus', 'external', 'investments', 'developments', 'role', 'CGO', '0.4900', '1.7600']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23298,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ABEO-SA-31408541/news/Abeo-Sa-Final-completion-of-the-EUR-5m-capital-increase-reserved-to-ABEO-to-strengthen-the-lon-43544923/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Abeo Sa :  Final completion of the EUR 5m capital increase reserved to ABEO to strengthen the long-term strategic partnership between both companies,(marketscreener.com)  VOGO announces the approval by its shareholders at today's General Meeting and the final completion of the capital increase without preferential subscription rights reserved entirely to ABEO for an amount of €5M. This transaction stems…,"VOGO (ISIN: FR0011532225 - ALVGO) announces the approval by its shareholders at today's General Meeting and the final completion of the capital increase without preferential subscription rights reserved entirely to ABEO for an amount of €5M. This transaction stems from a shared desire by both companies to further strengthen their commercial and technological partnership in order to develop joint offers in various sports segments.In accordance with the joint press release of 8 March 2023 and the memorandum of understanding signed on the same day  the transaction includes:The subscription by ABEO to a capital increase without preferential subscription rights reserved to it[1] through the issuance of 869 566 shares at a unit price of €5.75 for a total amount of approximately €5 million. The subscription price set at €5.75 per share evidenced a premium of 38.55% on the closing price on 7 March 2023  being the day before the transaction was announced.The appointment of ABEO  represented by its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Olivier Estèves  as Member of the Board of VOGO.The shareholders present and represented at the Combined General Meeting relating to the transaction accounted for 55.2% of the share capital and 64.8% of the voting rights. All the resolutions on the agenda of the Meeting were adopted by a large majority  including the founding shareholders of VOGO[2].The new shares will be issued on 21 April 2023 and will be traded under the same ISIN code as the existing shares (ISIN: FR0011532225 - Ticker: ALVGO). They will be assimilated to and confer the same rights as existing shares.As detailed in the joint press release of 8 March 2023  the proceeds of the fundraising:strengthens VOGO's resources for international development  particularly in North America;helps VOGO continue implementing its innovation strategy  particularly in the area of detecting concussions in sport.This operation demonstrates a shared desire by both companies to further strengthen their technological and commercial partnership. This partnership was initiated in 2019 and resulted in 2020 in the creation of the joint venture VOGOSCOPE  in order to commercialize worldwide turnkey solutions for multi-camera capturing and Live & Replay video broadcasting for various sports disciplines  training centres and local authorities.This capital increase also stems from a shared ambition by both allies to identify and address new markets together. In a context of enhanced digitalisation of sport  their combined expertise  blending knowhow in technology and sports equipment  will help drive growth in new market segments and broaden the international reach of both groups.Impact of the capital increaseFollowing completion of the capital increase  the new shares represent 17.50% of the share capital and 12.18% of the voting rights of VOGO  which share capital totals €621 057.625  divided into 4 968 461 shares. For illustrative purposes  this means that a shareholder who owned 1% of VOGO's share capital before the capital increase now owns 0.82% of VOGO's share capital.Change in shareholder structureVOGO's shareholding structure before the issuance of the new shares is set out below:Shareholders Share capital prior to the capital increase Number of shares % of share capital Voting rights % voting rights SAS TWO C(1) 630 295 15.38% 1 185 395 18.91% SAS ESPE(2) 589 260 14.38% 1 178 520 18.80% Daniel Dedisse 267 699 6.53% 535 398 8.54% Véronique Puyau 74 600 1.82% 149 200 2.38% Sub-total founders 1 561 854 38.10% 3 048 513 48.62% IRDI/SORIDEC 30 072 0.73% 60 144 0.96% Jeremie LR 60 144 1.47% 120 288 1.92% Sub-total institutional investors 90 216 2.20% 180 432 2.88% Free float 2 446 825 59.69% 3 040 679 48.50% TOTAL 4 098 895 100% 6 269 624 100%(1) 66.6% of which capital is held by Mr. Christophe Carniel  Chairman and CEO of VOGO.(2) 95% of which capital is held by Mr. Pierre Keiflin  Deputy Managing Director of VOGO.The issuance of the new shares has the following impact on VOGO's shareholding structure (ownership and voting rights):Shareholders Share capital after the capital increase Number of shares % of share capital Voting rights % voting rights SAS TWO C(1) 630 295 12.69% 1 185 395 16.60% SAS ESPE(2) 589 260 11.86% 1 178 520 16.51% Daniel Dedisse 267 699 5.39% 535 398 7.50% Véronique Puyau 74 600 1.50% 149 200 2.09% Sub-total founders 1 561 854 31.44% 3 048 513 42.70% IRDI/SORIDEC 30 072 0.61% 60 144 0.84% Jeremie LR 60 144 1.21% 120 288 1.68% Sub-total institutional investors 90 216 1.82% 180 432 2.53% ABEO 869 566 17.50% 869 566 12.18% Free float 2 446 825 49.25% 3 040 679 42.59% TOTAL 4 968 461 100% 7 139 190 100%(1) 66.6% of which capital is held by Mr. Christophe Carniel  Chairman and CEO of VOGO.(2) 95% of which capital is held by Mr. Pierre Keiflin  Deputy Managing Director of VOGO.About VOGOIn the Sports sector  VOGO is a leading international player  with its audio and video solutions for fans and professionals alike. For professionals  VOGO offers analysis and decision-making tools (referee assistance  medical diagnostics  coaching). VOGO's disruptive solution for fans transforms the stadium experience by providing multi-camera content on demand for tablets and smartphones  no matter how many people are connected. VOGO also operates in the Industry sector. All of the Group's technologies are patent-protected. VOGO is based in France (Montpellier  Grenoble and Paris) and has two subsidiaries  one in North America and the other in the United Kingdom.VOGO operates indirectly in other countries through its network composed of around thirty distributors. VOGO has been listed on the Euronext Growth Paris stock market since November 2018 (ISIN code: FR0011532225 – ALVGO).More information on www.vogo-group.comAbout ABEOABEO is a major player in the sports and leisure market. The Group made revenue of €205.3 million as at 31 March 2022  74% of which was generated outside France  and has 1 413 employees.It designs  manufactures and distributes sports and leisure equipment and also provides assistance to professional customers  such as specialised sports halls and clubs  leisure centres  educational bodies  local authorities and construction professionals  in implementing their projects.ABEO has a unique global offering and operates in a wide variety of market segments: gymnastics apparatus and landing mats  team sports equipment  physical education  climbing walls  leisure equipment and changing room fittings. The Group has a portfolio of strong brands which partner with sports federations and are featured at major sporting events  including the Olympic Games. ABEO (ISIN code: FR0013185857  ABEO) is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment C.More information on www.abeo-bourse.comVOGO contactsVOGOBarbara DesmaretTel: +33 (4) 67 50 03 98Email: b.desmaret@vogo-group.com ACTIFIN – Press RelationsIsabelle DrayTel: +33 (1) 56 88 11 29Email: idray@actifin.fr ACTIFIN - Financial CommunicationsStéphane RuizTel: +33 (1) 56 88 11 11Email: sruiz@actifin.frABEO contactsACTUS finance & communicationInvestor Relations - Corinne Puissant - investor@beo.fr - Tel: +33 (1) 53 67 36 77Press Relations - Serena Boni - presse@beo.fr - Tel: +33 (4) 72 18 04 92DisclaimerThis press release does not constitute and may not be considered a public offering or purchase offer  nor as being intended to solicit public interest for the purposes of a public offering. No communication or information relating to this transaction or to VOGO may be distributed to the public in any country in which registration or approval obligations must be satisfied. No steps have been taken (nor will be taken) in any country where such steps would be required.The purchase of VOGO shares may be subject to specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain countries. VOGO shall not be liable for any breach by any person of these restrictions.This press release constitutes a promotional communication and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the ""Prospectus Regulation""). In France  a public offering of securities may only be made by virtue of a prospectus approved by the AMF. For Member States of the European Economic Area other than France (the ""Member States"")  no action has been undertaken nor will be undertaken for the purpose of enabling a public offering of securities requiring to publish a prospectus in one of[1] Based on Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code. Pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017  the transaction did not entail the submission of a prospectus for the approval of the French financial markets authority (Autorité des marchés financiers - AMF).[2] Christophe Carniel (indirectly via SAS TWO C)  Pierre Keiflin (indirectly via SAS ESPE)  Daniel Dedisse and Véronique Puyau  in accordance with their voting undertaking described in the joint press release of 8 March 2023.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yGucZZqcaJqXmZprYcZoaGaZb5tkm5OWapeYl2mea8zHbp1kx2llbZ3HZnBqmWhr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79435-vogoabeocp2vdef_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.13,0.87,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['EUR 5m capital increase', 'long-term strategic partnership', 'Final completion', 'Abeo Sa', 'companies', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Olivier Estèves', 'Véronique Puyau', 'Mr. Christophe Carniel', 'Mr. Pierre Keiflin', 'Deputy Managing Director', 'various sports segments', 'joint press release', 'worldwide turnkey solutions', 'Replay video broadcasting', 'various sports disciplines', 'SAS TWO C', 'leading international player', 'new market segments', 'Combined General Meeting', 'same ISIN code', 'preferential subscription rights', 'video solutions', 'joint offers', 'joint venture', 'sports equipment', 'SAS ESPE', 'Sports sector', 'same day', 'same rights', 'international development', 'international reach', 'subscription price', 'new markets', 'unit price', 'closing price', 'voting rights', 'large majority', 'North America', 'innovation strategy', 'multi-camera capturing', 'training centres', 'local authorities', 'enhanced digitalisation', 'illustrative purposes', 'shareholding structure', 'Daniel Dedisse', 'Jeremie LR', 'Free float', 'Sub-total founders', 'decision-making tools', 'referee assistance', 'capital increase', 'new shares', 'share capital', 'existing shares', 'final completion', 'total amount', 'shareholder structure', 'following impact', 'founding shareholders', 'technological partnership', 'commercial partnership', '869,566 shares', '4,968,461 shares', 'ALVGO', 'approval', 'today', 'ABEO', 'transaction', 'desire', 'companies', 'order', 'accordance', '8 March', 'memorandum', 'understanding', 'issuance', 'premium', '7 March', 'appointment', 'Chairman', 'Member', 'Board', 'resolutions', 'agenda', '21 April', 'Ticker', 'proceeds', 'fundraising', 'resources', 'area', 'concussions', 'operation', 'creation', 'VOGOSCOPE', 'Live', 'ambition', 'allies', 'context', 'expertise', 'knowhow', 'technology', 'growth', 'groups', 'Change', 'Number', 'IRDI/SORIDEC', 'CEO', 'ownership', 'audio', 'fans', 'professionals', 'analysis', '38.']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23299,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATARI-S-A-2168735/news/Atari-Reveals-Art-Created-by-Tim-Lapetino-and-Phil-Noto-for-Pixel-Ripped-1978-43542999/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Atari Reveals Art Created by Tim Lapetino and Phil Noto for Pixel Ripped 1978,(marketscreener.com) A Vibrant Throwback to the Atari Cover Art of YesteryearNEW YORK  April 19  2023 -- What’s old is new again  as today  iconic entertainment producer Atari and award-winning developer ARVORE revealed the official game art for Pixel Ripped …,A Vibrant Throwback to the Atari Cover Art of YesteryearNEW YORK  April 19  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- What’s old is new again  as today  iconic entertainment producer Atari and award-winning developer ARVORE revealed the official game art for Pixel Ripped 1978   the upcoming virtual reality adventure set in Atari’s pivotal early years.The new game art  Atari says  was directed by Tim Lapetino and designed by prolific comic artist and NYT best-selling illustrator Phil Noto. Lapetino is a prolific video game preservationist and passionate advocate for all things retro gaming. He’s also the author and visionary behind Art of Atari  a detailed stroll through the history of Atari’s art design spanning game design through to the most iconic cartridge box art of all time. His deep knowledge and insight into the art styles and design nuances of classic Atari box art lended in the creation of the visually nostalgic new box art for Pixel Ripped 1978  a game that explores the way-back of video game history with today’s most innovative technology.In Pixel Ripped 1978’s alternate reality  the Pixel Ripped franchise was one of Atari’s early video game prototypes and one of the company’s most prized projects. To further play on this fun narrative  Lapetino brought in Phil Noto to illustrate the key art with his signature painterly style. The end result is a beautiful and deeply nostalgic call-back to Atari’s earlier box art designs that makes Pixel Ripped 1978 feel like it may have just come from those memorable golden years.“In the '70s and 1980s  Atari used dynamic artwork on packaging  game cartridges  and advertising to communicate the fun and energy of those emerging home video games. Each Atari title came wrapped in a beautiful  hand-drawn bit of storytelling that bridged the gap between joystick reality and the electronic worlds within ” said Tim Lapetino. “That artwork still resides in our pop culture consciousness  and we thought it would be quite appropriate to tap into that style for Pixel Ripped 1978. I considered quite a few artists for this game release  but at the end of the day  Phil Noto was the clear choice to capture that classic Atari montage style.”About Pixel Ripped 1978:Oozing classic arcade charm and boasting innovative mechanics sure to delight VR enthusiasts  Pixel Ripped 1978 calls back to the very genesis of gaming — a rich  colorful history where Atari takes center stage as the company that would ignite a multi billion dollar industry. Blending the magic of decades past with today’s technologically vibrant and diverse gaming landscape  Pixel Ripped 1978 uniquely showcases the fortitude and growth of the video game industry as we  the players  have grown with it.Watch the official announcement trailer:YouTube | DownloadIn Pixel Ripped 1978  players will experience the magic and wonder of the blossoming video game industry during the golden age of home entertainment. Through the eyes of the game’s protagonist  Bug  players will travel between dimensions as they play games within games; a multi-layered adventure full of retro classics  unreleased gems  and undiscovered easter eggs. The collaboration with Atari means even more retro gaming goodness  as players will even be able to explore the iconic Atari headquarters in Sunnyvale  California.Pixel Ripped 1978 launches this summer on PC  PlayStation 5  PS VR2  and Meta Quest 2. Learn more at the official website .A press kit including key art  screenshots  logos  and videos is available here: https://uberstrategist.link/pixel-ripped-1978-presskit .New Key Art: https://uberstrategist.link/Pixel-Ripped-1978-Key-ArtTo stay up-to-date on all things Atari and retro-pop culture  follow on Facebook   Twitter   and Instagram .Photos accompanying this announcement are available athttps://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/3646c31b-3a30-4478-b147-c48328593ad1https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/7aa9bc07-527d-4df3-a07a-10a96c262424A video accompanying this announcement is available athttps://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/6d202ed9-fd69-41bf-8a8e-cab6cfcc2552About ATARIAtari is an interactive entertainment company and an iconic gaming industry brand that transcends generations and audiences. The company is globally recognized for its multi-platform  interactive entertainment and licensed products. Atari owns and/or manages a portfolio of more than 200 unique games and franchises  including world-renowned brands like Asteroids®  Centipede®  Missile Command®  Pong®  and RollerCoaster Tycoon®. Atari has offices in New York and Paris. Visit us online at www.Atari.com .Atari shares are listed in France on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN Code FR0010478248  Ticker ALATA).©2023 Atari Interactive  Inc. Atari wordmark and logo are trademarks owned by Atari Interactive  Inc.About ARVOREARVORE is an Emmy Award-winning Brazilian studio that creates and develops innovative games  interactive narratives and worlds using the latest immersive technologies such as VR  AR  and MR. With a team of multidisciplinary innovators and trailblazers  ARVORE connects different technologies  senses  and media to push the envelope of games and spatial storytelling to new levels.ARVORE’s expertise in blending technology and art has earned the studio the 2020 Primetime Emmy® Award for “Outstanding Innovation in Interactive Media” for its interactive VR narrative “The Line”. The studio’s innovative approach has created groundbreaking experiences that engage all the senses and deliver unforgettable stories. Learn more at www.arvore.io .,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.78,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['Atari Reveals', 'Tim Lapetino', 'Phil Noto', 'Art', 'Pixel', 'multi billion dollar industry', 'Emmy Award-winning Brazilian studio', 'earlier box art designs', 'iconic cartridge box art', 'iconic gaming industry brand', 'blossoming video game industry', 'upcoming virtual reality adventure', 'nostalgic new box art', 'prolific video game preservationist', 'early video game prototypes', 'emerging home video games', 'classic Atari box art', 'classic Atari montage style', 'classic arcade charm', 'pivotal early years', 'prolific comic artist', 'iconic entertainment producer', 'NYT best-selling illustrator', 'undiscovered easter eggs', 'latest immersive technologies', 'signature painterly style', 'diverse gaming landscape', 'memorable golden years', 'pop culture consciousness', 'rich, colorful history', 'new game art', 'video game history', 'official game art', 'multi-platform, interactive entertainment', 'iconic Atari headquarters', 'A Vibrant Throwback', 'beautiful, hand-drawn bit', 'New Key Art', 'retro gaming goodness', 'Each Atari title', 'Atari Cover Art', 'official announcement trailer', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Pixel Ripped franchise', 'interactive entertainment company', 'home entertainment', 'award-winning developer', 'multi-layered adventure', 'art styles', 'NEW YORK', 'game design', 'alternate reality', 'game cartridges', 'joystick reality', 'game release', 'official website', 'golden age', 'retro-pop culture', 'interactive narratives', 'retro classics', 'Atari Interactive', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Phil Noto.', 'passionate advocate', 'detailed stroll', 'deep knowledge', 'design nuances', 'innovative technology', 'prized projects', 'clear choice', 'innovative mechanics', 'center stage', 'unreleased gems', 'Meta Quest', 'press kit', 'licensed products', '200 unique games', 'world-renowned brands', 'Missile Command', 'RollerCoaster Tycoon', 'ISIN Code', 'Ticker ALATA', 'innovative games', 'multidisciplinary inn', 'Atari shares', 'Atari wordmark', 'Tim Lapetino', 'fun narrative', 'end result', 'dynamic artwork', 'electronic worlds', 'VR enthusiasts', 'Yesteryear', 'ARVORE', 'things', 'author', 'visionary', 'time', 'insight', 'creation', 'way', 'today', '1980s', 'packaging', 'advertising', 'energy', 'storytelling', 'gap', 'artists', 'genesis', 'magic', 'decades', 'past', 'fortitude', 'players', 'YouTube', 'Download', 'wonder', 'eyes', 'protagonist', 'Bug', 'dimensions', 'collaboration', 'Sunnyvale', 'California', 'PlayStation', 'PS', 'screenshots', 'logos', 'videos', '78-presskit', 'Pixel-Ripped-1978-Key-Art', 'Facebook', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Photos', 'globenewswire', 'NewsRoom', 'AttachmentNg', 'generations', 'audiences', 'portfolio', 'franchises', 'Asteroids®', 'Centipede®', 'Pong', 'offices', 'France', 'trademarks', 'MR', 'team']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23300,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LLEIDANETWORKS-SERVEIS-TE-111615945/news/Lleidanetworks-Serveis-Telematics-S-A-Lleida-net-reaches-a-record-in-Click-Sign-unique-users-and-e-43537030/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Lleidanetworks Serveis Telemàtics S A : Lleida.net reaches a record in Click&Sign unique users and experiences sustained growth in the electronic signature of contracts.,(marketscreener.com)   Lleida.net reaches a record in Click&Sign unique users and experiences sustained growth in the electronic signature of contracts.      19 Apr 2023 07:30 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   LLEIDA.NET    ...https://www…,"Lleida.net reaches a record in Click&Sign unique users and experiences sustained growth in the electronic signature of contracts.Madrid  April 19th - The Spanish listed company Lleida.net (OTC.US) (ALLLN.PA) (LLN.MA) registered in March 2023 a new historical record in the number of unique users of its main product  Click&Sign  which allows the certified electronic signature of contracts and any other type of documents. As of March 2023  the number of active Click&Sign circuits via API reached 1 090. This number has been increasing month by month since March 2019  when it was just 116. These circuits generated 273 327 contracts in March 2023  34.30% more than in the same month of 2022. The growth of unique service users has remained increasing and stable for more than 30 months  which certifies the strength of Lleida.net's technology and its level of market penetration. ""The steady growth in the number of unique Click & Sign users month after month demonstrates the strength and validity of our technology. This sustained increase in the adoption of our services reinforces our customers' confidence in the efficiency and security we offer  and consolidates our position as a leader in the electronic signature sector "" explained Sisco Sapena  CEO and founder of the company. On a quarterly basis  API's signed contract production continued to trend upward  with 741 541 contracts signed in the first quarter of 2023  compared to 549 670 signed in the first quarter of 2022. Most of the traffic came from contracts in the telecommunications sector  real estate lending in Europe  bank account opening and consumer finance in Latin America. Increase in Click & Sign PRO service Regarding Click & Sign Pro's quarterly production  the so-called PRO circuits  which involve complex engagements that require analysis of multiple variables  saw a three percent increase between the first quarter of 2023 and the same period in 2022. In the first quarter of 2023  there were 286 228 active contracts  compared to 278 009 in the first quarter of 2022. European insurance contracts  credit card issuance by Spanish entities and GDPR compliance  mainly drove this growth. Although the total number of certified emails launched thanks to the company's technology declined in the first quarter of the year as a result of the cut-off of service due to non-payment to 4-72  the postal company in Colombia  this decline was mitigated by the organic growth of the business line in countries such as Spain and Peru. The number of active certified email users in March 2023 stood at 2 115 senders. In the first quarter  more than three million certified emails were sent via Lleida.net's proprietary platform  compared to 4.08 million in the first quarter of 2022. One of the service lines that remains solid and stable is that of Certified SMS  which remains above the figures recorded a year ago. In the first quarter of 2023  the company's customers issued 1.85 million Certified SMS  compared to 1.69 million in the first quarter of 2022. Banking  insurance and mutual assistance companies  as well as claims processes by energy companies  have been the main drivers. Lleida.net's new services grow by almost 800%. In the first quarter of 2023  the subsidiary of the company Lleidanet PKI  an evolution of the former Indenova  which was acquired by the listed company in 2021  issued more than 4.1 million times stamps on behalf of its customers. Time stamps  which are usually additional signatures to other electronic signatures  are used in the transactions of large companies. Since the service was launched in the first quarter of 2022  its use has multiplied by 800% and is one of the fastest growing. In the last quarter  the company began marketing its most recent product  called USVC. This new B2C product allows verifying the validity of any certified electronic signature  regardless of the platform used to issue it. The company expects USVC to reach higher production levels than certified mail itself. The company  founded in 1995 and listed on Euronext Growth in Paris  BME Growth in Madrid and OTCQX in New York  has already obtained recognition in 300 patents worldwide in more than 60 countries.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.26,0.34,True,English,"['Telemàtics S A', 'Lleida.net', 'Click&Sign', 'unique users', 'sustained growth', 'electronic signature', 'Lleidanetworks', 'record', 'contracts', 'active certified email users', 'three million certified emails', 'active Click&Sign circuits', 'real estate lending', 'bank account opening', 'credit card issuance', '1.85 million Certified SMS', '4.1 million times stamps', 'three percent increase', 'mutual assistance companies', 'higher production levels', 'certified electronic signature', 'new B2C product', 'electronic signature sector', 'other electronic signatures', 'new historical record', 'unique service users', 'Sign PRO service', 'Spanish listed company', 'European insurance contracts', 'Sign users', 'unique users', '286,228 active contracts', 'PRO circuits', 'other type', 'telecommunications sector', 'Spanish entities', 'Time stamps', 'additional signatures', 'New York', 'main product', 'contract production', 'quarterly production', 'energy companies', 'large companies', 'recent product', 'unique Click', 'market penetration', 'sustained increase', 'Sisco Sapena', 'quarterly basis', 'first quarter', 'consumer finance', 'Latin America', 'complex engagements', 'multiple variables', 'same period', 'GDPR compliance', 'business line', 'service lines', 'claims processes', 'main drivers', 'new services', 'Lleidanet PKI', 'former Indenova', 'last quarter', 'sustained growth', 'steady growth', 'organic growth', 'Euronext Growth', 'BME Growth', 'Lleida.net', 'proprietary platform', ""customers' confidence"", 'postal company', 'same month', 'total number', '273,327 contracts', '741,541 contracts', 'Madrid', 'April', 'OTC.', 'March', 'documents', 'API', '30 months', 'strength', 'technology', 'validity', 'adoption', 'efficiency', 'security', 'position', 'leader', 'CEO', 'founder', 'traffic', 'analysis', 'year', 'result', 'cut-off', 'payment', 'Colombia', 'decline', 'countries', 'Spain', 'Peru', '2,115 senders', 'figures', 'Banking', 'subsidiary', 'evolution', 'behalf', 'transactions', 'USVC', 'Paris', 'OTCQX', 'recognition', '300 patents']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23301,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2649683/0/en/Nicox-Provides-First-Quarter-2023-Financial-and-Business-Highlights.html,Nicox Provides First Quarter 2023 Financial and Business Highlights,Press ReleaseNicox Provides First Quarter 2023 Financial and Business Highlights  Net revenue of €0.8 million for the first quarter of 2023    Cash......,Net revenue of €0.8 million for the first quarter of 2023Cash position of €21.4 million as of March 31  2023 April 19  2023 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  COX)  an international ophthalmology company  today provided financial and business highlights for the first quarter 2023 for Nicox SA and its subsidiaries (the “Nicox Group”).First Quarter 2023 Financial HighlightsNet revenue1 for the first quarter of 2023 was €0.8 million (consisting entirely of net royalty payments). This compares to net revenue for the first quarter of 2022 of €0.7 million (consisting entirely of net royalty payments).As of March 31  2023  the Nicox Group had cash and cash equivalents of €21.4 million as compared with €27.7 million as of December 31  2022. The Company estimates it is financed until Q2 2024  based exclusively on the development of NCX 470.As of March 31  2023  the Nicox Group had financial debt of €22.8 million  consisting of (i) €18.8 million in the form of a bond financing agreement with Kreos Capital signed in January 2019  (ii) a €1.7 million credit agreement guaranteed by the French State  and granted in August 2020 in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic and (iii) €2.3 million of present value attributed to the put option2 granted in the November 2022 equity financing. The payment of this debt would only occur if the put option was exercised  subject to the conditions set out in footnote 2 below.VYZULTA® (latanoprostene bunod ophthalmic solution)  0.024% U.S. prescriptions3 increased by 23% in the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. VYZULTA  exclusively licensed worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  is commercialized in more than 15 countries  including the U.S.  and is also approved in a number of other countries. VYZULTA is indicated for the reduction of IOP in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.Corporate updateNicox’s exclusive Chinese licensing partner  Ocumension Therapeutics  submitted in April 2023 a New Drug Application for approval to commercialize ZERVIATE® (cetirizine ophthalmic solution)  0.24% in China for ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis. The approval and launch of ZERVIATE  expected in 2024  would add another royalty revenue stream to Nicox  on potential annual net sales which Ocumension forecasts will be over $100 million within 7 years in China. All costs of commercialization are borne by Ocumension and Nicox may potentially receive sales milestones of up to US$17.2 million together with royalties of between 5% and 9% of net sales of ZERVIATE by Ocumension. Key Future MilestonesCommunication of NCX 470 Mont Blanc results at key ophthalmology congresses: detailed analysis of the Mont Blanc data has now been completed. Presentations were made at the American Glaucoma Society (AGS) Annual Meeting (March 2-5  2023  Austin  TX  U.S ) and are planned at upcoming events including the Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology (ARVO) Annual Meeting (April 23-27  2023  New Orleans  LA  U.S.) and the World Glaucoma Congress (WGC) (June 28 - July 1  2023  Rome  Italy)  along with journal publications.Denali Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating NCX 470 in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension: Topline results expected in 2025. This date is based on projections of increased recruitment which take notably into account the lifting of COVID-19 restrictions in China.Initiation of two new Phase 3b clinical trials investigating the dual mechanism of action (nitric oxide and prostaglandin analog) in intraocular pressure ( IOP ) lowering and potential retinal benefits of NCX 470: planned in H1 2023.planned in H1 2023. Approval and launch of ZERVIATE in China by Ocumension: expected in 2024. The audit procedures on the consolidated accounts as of December 31  2022 have been carried out. The certification report will be issued after finalization of the procedures required for the purposes of the publication of the annual report. All other figures in this press release are non-audited.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.35,0.36,True,English,"['First Quarter 2023 Financial', 'Business Highlights', 'Nicox', 'two new Phase 3b clinical trials', 'Denali Phase 3 clinical trial', 'exclusive Chinese licensing partner', 'latanoprostene bunod ophthalmic solution', 'NCX 470 Mont Blanc results', 'potential annual net sales', 'cetirizine ophthalmic solution', 'Mont Blanc data', 'New Drug Application', 'potential retinal benefits', 'bond financing agreement', '€1.7 million credit agreement', 'November 2022 equity financing', 'AGS) Annual Meeting', 'ARVO) Annual Meeting', 'net royalty payments', 'Key Future Milestones', 'American Glaucoma Society', 'World Glaucoma Congress', 'royalty revenue stream', 'key ophthalmology congresses', '0.024% U.S. prescriptions3', 'international ophthalmology company', 'New Orleans', 'sales milestones', 'Topline results', 'annual report', 'Net revenue', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'first quarter', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'Euronext Paris', 'business highlights', 'Kreos Capital', 'French State', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'present value', 'put option2', 'same period', 'ocular hypertension', 'Corporate update', 'ocular itching', 'allergic conjunctivitis', 'detailed analysis', 'upcoming events', 'journal publications', 'COVID-19 restrictions', 'dual mechanism', 'nitric oxide', 'prostaglandin analog', 'intraocular pressure', 'consolidated accounts', 'certification report', 'other figures', 'Cash position', 'Financial Highlights', 'cash equivalents', 'Nicox SA', 'Nicox Group', 'other countries', 'audit procedures', 'press release', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'Ocumension forecasts', 'financial debt', '15 countries', 'March', 'April', 'France', 'subsidiaries', 'December', 'Q2', 'development', 'form', 'January', 'August', 'context', 'conditions', 'footnote', 'VYZULTA®', 'Bausch', 'Lomb', 'number', 'reduction', 'IOP', 'patients', 'approval', 'ZERVIATE®', 'China', 'launch', '7 years', 'costs', 'commercialization', 'royalties', 'Communication', 'Presentations', 'Austin', 'TX', 'Association', 'Research', 'Vision', 'WGC', 'June', 'July', 'Rome', 'Italy', 'projections', 'recruitment', 'lifting', 'Initiation', 'action', 'lowering', 'H1', 'finalization', 'purposes', '7:30']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23302,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2649703/0/en/Lleida-net-reaches-a-record-in-Click-Sign-unique-users-and-experiences-sustained-growth-in-the-electronic-signature-of-contracts.html,Lleida.net reaches a record in Click&Sign unique users and experiences sustained growth in the electronic signature of contracts,MADRID  Spain  April 19  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish listed company Lleida.net (OTC.US) (ALLLN.PA) (LLN.MA) registered in March 2023 a new historical record in the number of unique users of its main product  Click&Sign  which allows the certified electro…,"MADRID  Spain  April 19  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish listed company Lleida.net (OTC.US) (ALLLN.PA) (LLN.MA) registered in March 2023 a new historical record in the number of unique users of its main product  Click&Sign  which allows the certified electronic signature of contracts and any other type of documents.As of March 2023  the number of active Click&Sign circuits via API reached 1 090. This number has been increasing month by month since March 2019  when it was just 116.These circuits generated 273 327 contracts in March 2023  34.30% more than in the same month of 2022.The growth of unique service users has remained increasing and stable for more than 30 months  which certifies the strength of Lleida.net's technology and its level of market penetration.""The steady growth in the number of unique Click & Sign users month after month demonstrates the strength and validity of our technology. This sustained increase in the adoption of our services reinforces our customers' confidence in the efficiency and security we offer  and consolidates our position as a leader in the electronic signature sector "" explained Sisco Sapena  CEO and founder of the company.On a quarterly basis  API's signed contract production continued to trend upward  with 741 541 contracts signed in the first quarter of 2023  compared to 549 670 signed in the first quarter of 2022.Most of the traffic came from contracts in the telecommunications sector  real estate lending in Europe  bank account opening and consumer finance in Latin America.Increase in Click & Sign PRO serviceRegarding Click & Sign Pro's quarterly production  the so-called PRO circuits  which involve complex engagements that require analysis of multiple variables  saw a three percent increase between the first quarter of 2023 and the same period in 2022.In the first quarter of 2023  there were 286 228 active contracts  compared to 278 009 in the first quarter of 2022.European insurance contracts  credit card issuance by Spanish entities and GDPR compliance  mainly drove this growth.Although the total number of certified emails launched thanks to the company's technology declined in the first quarter of the year as a result of the cut-off of service due to non-payment to 4-72  the postal company in Colombia  this decline was mitigated by the organic growth of the business line in countries such as Spain and Peru.The number of active certified email users in March 2023 stood at 2 115 senders.In the first quarter  more than three million certified emails were sent via Lleida.net's proprietary platform  compared to 4.08 million in the first quarter of 2022.One of the service lines that remains solid and stable is that of Certified SMS  which remains above the figures recorded a year ago. In the first quarter of 2023  the company's customers issued 1.85 million Certified SMS  compared to 1.69 million in the first quarter of 2022.Banking  insurance and mutual assistance companies  as well as claims processes by energy companies  have been the main drivers.Lleida.net's new services grow by almost 800%.In the first quarter of 2023  the subsidiary of the company Lleidanet PKI  an evolution of the former Indenova  which was acquired by the listed company in 2021  issued more than 4.1 million times stamps on behalf of its customers.Time stamps  which are usually additional signatures to other electronic signatures  are used in the transactions of large companies. Since the service was launched in the first quarter of 2022  its use has multiplied by 800% and is one of the fastest growing.In the last quarter  the company began marketing its most recent product  called USVC. This new B2C product allows verifying the validity of any certified electronic signature  regardless of the platform used to issue it. The company expects USVC to reach higher production levels than certified mail itself.The company  founded in 1995 and listed on Euronext Growth in Paris  BME Growth in Madrid and OTCQX in New York  has already obtained recognition in 300 patents worldwide in more than 60 countries.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.26,0.34,True,English,"['Lleida.net', 'Click&Sign', 'unique users', 'sustained growth', 'electronic signature', 'record', 'contracts', 'active certified email users', 'three million certified emails', 'active Click&Sign circuits', 'real estate lending', 'bank account opening', 'credit card issuance', '4.1 million times stamps', '1.85 million Certified SMS', 'new historical record', 'three percent increase', 'mutual assistance companies', 'higher production levels', 'certified electronic signature', 'electronic signature sector', 'new B2C product', 'other electronic signatures', 'unique service users', 'Spanish listed company', 'European insurance contracts', 'unique users', 'Sign users', '286,228 active contracts', 'other type', 'telecommunications sector', 'Spanish entities', 'Time stamps', 'additional signatures', 'New York', 'main product', 'unique Click', 'contract production', 'quarterly production', 'PRO circuits', 'energy companies', 'large companies', 'recent product', 'Sign Pro', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Lleida.net', 'market penetration', 'sustained increase', 'Sisco Sapena', 'quarterly basis', 'first quarter', 'consumer finance', 'Latin America', 'complex engagements', 'multiple variables', 'same period', 'GDPR compliance', 'business line', 'claims processes', 'main drivers', 'new services', 'Lleidanet PKI', 'former Indenova', 'last quarter', 'PRO service', 'service lines', 'steady growth', 'organic growth', 'Euronext Growth', 'BME Growth', 'proprietary platform', ""customers' confidence"", 'postal company', 'same month', 'total number', '273,327 contracts', '741,541 contracts', 'MADRID', 'Spain', 'April', 'LLN.', 'March', 'documents', 'API', '30 months', 'strength', 'technology', 'validity', 'adoption', 'efficiency', 'security', 'position', 'leader', 'CEO', 'founder', 'traffic', 'analysis', 'year', 'result', 'cut-off', 'payment', 'Colombia', 'decline', 'countries', 'Peru', '2,115 senders', 'figures', 'Banking', 'subsidiary', 'evolution', 'behalf', 'transactions', 'USVC', 'Paris', 'OTCQX', 'recognition', '300 patents']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23303,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OCEAN-GEOLOOP-AS-134402705/news/Ocean-GeoLoop-Letter-from-our-CEO-43542136/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Ocean GeoLoop : Letter from our CEO,(marketscreener.com)   It´s all about the way we work.This is the simple sentence of explanation I tell when asked about how it's all possible. It's about the way we work. That sentence reveals the true power of collaboration  partnerships and dedication. D…,"It´s all about the way we work.This is the simple sentence of explanation I tell when asked about how it's all possible. It's about the way we work. That sentence reveals the true power of collaboration  partnerships and dedication. Done the right way  it releases immense energy in complex development and commercialization processes and not at least: it enables Ocean GeoLoop to move fast.This is also the way we can characterize 2022  and the development so far in 2023. We are moving fast  and the way we work is a catalyst for continued performance. And for those who believe it is all easy  and can be replicated by others  I can tell you that the Ocean GeoLoop way of working is only gained by strong motivation  highly experienced personnel and strategic and systematic hard work - and not at least the deep engagement by the technology inventor  innovator and founder of Ocean GeoLoop  Hans Gude Gudesen  ""Gude"" in short.CEO og Ocean GeoLoop  Odd-Geir Lademo.From where comes this drive and sense of urgency? The earth is stressed by the growing number of people  in constant need for energy  food  resources  and general welfare. Our current  unbalanced welfare has been gained through massive exploitation of fossil resources with associated climate and environmental emissions with negative consequences. Many believe that the oceans  covering 70% of the area of the earth  also represent the X-factor in resolving our growing and combined climate  environmental and resource crisis  thus our first name Ocean.How do we approach it? Firstly  by developing technology to capture man-made emissions to the biosphere; in principle the climate gases to atmosphere  and phosphorous and nitrogen compounds to the oceans. Accordingly  in 2021 we installed a large-scale prototype of the GeoLoop Column - our novel  multi-functional  ocean-based dome-system enabling biomass production  ocean purification and oxygenation. In 2022 we took a new step on our journey when introducing our carbon capture technology that captures point source CO2 emissions  using natural and harmless processes. Secondly  we emphasize circular economic principles  functioning value chains and business models that create shared value for Ocean GeoLoop  our customers and the society. Therefore  our strong focus is on network operation as an essential ingredient for our business.One of the main events in 2022 was the listing on Euronext Growth Oslo  where we presented to the broader set of investors our way to use nature to solve the challenges of our time in a circular way. The primary focus in 2022 was the development of the carbon capture technology  and we received broad investor interest following the commencement of operations of the pilot plant at Norske Skog Skogn  Norway. At the time of writing  we have continued to mature our pilot into an autonomous industrial plant  currently exceeding 1200 consecutive hours of operation. In parallel  we have entered into several commercially oriented collaborative activities focused on full-scale CCUS applications in Mid-Norway and at Herøya  Norway  the latter with the world's leading fertilizer company Yara. In accordance with our technology roadmap  we have also built a down-scaled carbon capture unit at SINTEF´s premises to gain even more speed in further optimization of the technology. We are further building and verifying a digital process model that allows for rapid extrapolation for various customers and customer segments.Installation of Ocean GeoLoop carbon capture moduleOur technologies are run by electricity. In 2023  we plan to pilot the e-Loop technology  with purpose to produce electricity from low-quality heat  with the aim to further increase the attractivity and lower the cost of industrial CCUS projects. To this end  the competence  capacity and deliverables from our subsidiary Energi Teknikk AS will be important.To manage our expanding activity we are building our organization  both by new recruitment of highly qualified employees  and by the formation and optimization of our corporate structure.Our technological  market and organizational development is supported by our strong balance sheet  where our financial flexibility was increased further by the NOK ~100 million investment by Chevron during the year. I am happy to confirm that Chevron is a true added-value partner that brings much more to the table than financial strength. We feel strong support and engagement from Chevron´s people and a true passion for our future success.With all these developments  it might have been tempting to give bold statements about short term targets  but Ocean GeoLoop has the ""show  don´t tell"" policy embedded in our DNA. We have stated that our technology will help companies and countries around the globe to reach their net zero goals by using nature's own processes. In 2023 we will show you more.Thank you for the strong support on the first stages of the journey.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.74,0.15,0.12,True,English,"['Ocean GeoLoop', 'Letter', 'CEO', 'novel, multi-functional, ocean-based dome-system enabling', 'several commercially oriented collaborative activities', 'Ocean GeoLoop carbon capture module', 'point source CO2 emissions', 'carbon capture unit', 'systematic hard work', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'broad investor interest', 'Norske Skog Skogn', 'full-scale CCUS applications', 'leading fertilizer company', 'digital process model', 'industrial CCUS projects', 'Energi Teknikk AS', 'NOK ~100 million investment', 'short term targets', 'net zero goals', 'carbon capture technology', 'current, unbalanced welfare', 'circular economic principles', 'autonomous industrial plant', 'true added-value partner', 'strong balance sheet', 'Hans Gude Gudesen', 'functioning value chains', 'combined climate, environmental', 'Ocean GeoLoop way', 'environmental emissions', 'man-made emissions', 'general welfare', 'GeoLoop Column', 'true power', 'ocean purification', 'true passion', 'strong motivation', 'strong focus', 'strong support', 'circular way', 'continued performance', 'experienced personnel', 'Odd-Geir Lademo', 'constant need', 'massive exploitation', 'negative consequences', 'resource crisis', 'first name', 'climate gases', 'nitrogen compounds', 'large-scale prototype', 'biomass production', 'new step', 'essential ingredient', 'main events', 'broader set', 'primary focus', 'pilot plant', '1200 consecutive hours', 'Herøya', 'rapid extrapolation', 'customer segments', 'low-quality heat', 'expanding activity', 'new recruitment', 'qualified employees', 'corporate structure', 'technological, market', 'financial flexibility', 'financial strength', 'future success', 'bold statements', 'first stages', 'technology inventor', 'technology roadmap', 'Loop technology', 'right way', 'commercialization processes', 'harmless processes', 'simple sentence', 'immense energy', 'complex development', 'deep engagement', 'growing number', 'fossil resources', 'business models', 'network operation', 'various customers', 'organizational development', 'explanation', 'collaboration', 'partnerships', 'dedication', 'catalyst', 'others', 'strategic', 'innovator', 'founder', 'CEO', 'drive', 'sense', 'urgency', 'earth', 'people', 'food', 'associated', 'oceans', 'area', 'X-factor', 'biosphere', 'atmosphere', 'phosphorous', 'oxygenation', 'journey', 'natural', 'shared', 'society', 'listing', 'investors', 'nature', 'challenges', 'time', 'commencement', 'operations', 'Norway', 'writing', 'parallel', 'world', 'Yara', 'accordance', 'SINTEF', 'premises', 'speed', 'optimization', 'Installation', 'technologies', 'electricity', 'purpose', 'aim', 'attractivity', 'cost', 'end', 'competence', 'capacity', 'deliverables', 'subsidiary', 'formation', 'Chevron', 'year', 'table', 'developments', 'show', 'policy', 'DNA', 'companies', 'countries', 'globe', '2022']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23304,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2649682/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 18 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9902 £ 23.8398 Estimated MTD return 1.30 % 1.36 % Estimated YTD return -2.81 % -2.40 % Estimated ITD return 169.90 % 138.40 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.49 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.88 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.3279 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.2385The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23305,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LISI-S-A-5044/news/LISI-S-A-Availability-of-the-information-relating-to-the-characteristics-particularly-legal-fina-43545450/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,LISI S A : Availability of the information relating to the characteristics  particularly legal  financial  and accounting  regarding LISI within the framework of its public share buyback offer,(marketscreener.com)   This document may not be disseminated  transmitted or distributed  either directly or indirectly  to the United States  or any   other country in which such publication  transmission or distribution would not be permitted   AVAI…,"This document may not be disseminated  transmitted or distributed  either directly or indirectly  to the United States  or anyother country in which such publication  transmission or distribution would not be permittedAVAILABILITY OF THE INFORMATION RELATING TO THECHARACTERISTICS  PARTICULARLY LEGAL  FINANCIAL  AND ACCOUNTING REGARDING LISIWITHIN THE FRAMEWORK OF THE PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER INITIATED BYFOR 7 576 004 OF ITS OWN SHARES IN ORDER TOREDUCE ITS SHARE CAPITALpresented byPRESENTING BANK PRESENTINH BANK AND GUARANTOROFFER PRICE: 27.00 euros per LISI shares(after dividend payment of 0.15 euro with respect to 2022 financial year)OFFER PERIOD: 20 days minimumGrandvillars  April 19  2023 This press release established by LISI is published in accordance with Article 231-28 of the General Regulation of the French financial markets authority (""AMF"").In accordance with the provision of Article L. 621-8 of the Monetary and Financial Code and Article 231-23 of the General Regulation of the AMF  the AMF has  pursuant to its compliance decision of April 4  2023  n°23- 100 to LISI's information memorandum relating to the public share buyback offer of 7 576 004 of its own shares at a price of 27 00 euros per LISI share (after dividend payment of 0.15 euro with respect to 2022 financial year) (the ""Offer"").The extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders on April 12  2023 has approved a resolution on a share capital reduction not justified by losses  of a maximum total amount of 3 030 401.60 euros (the ""Offer Resolution"").The chief executive officer of LISI has  on April 18  2023  acknowledged the satisfaction of the condition precedent to the implementation of the capital reduction provided for in the Offer Resolution  as (i) LISI has obtained a decision by the AMF  which has become irrevocable  confirming that the transactions consisting of the reduction of LISI's capital  which is the subject of the Offer  the CID1 capital reduction  and the entry into force of certain shareholders' agreements relating to CID and LISI  and as described in the information memorandum of the public share buyback offer  do not require the mandatory filing of a takeover bid for all of LISI's shares and (ii) the dividend relating to the financial year 2022 has been paid on the same date.The AMF and Euronext Paris will publish a notice announcing the timetable of the Offer. It is expected that the1 French limited company with a board of directors with the share capital of 3 189 900 euros  whose registered office is at 6 rue Juvénal Viellard  90600 Grandvillars  and whose registration number is 535 720 700 RCS Belfort  jointly controlled by the company CIKO and the company VMC  which are respectively the family holding of Kohler family and the family holding of Viellard family  the two founding families of the LISI group.WEIL:99097208459639.0003 1Internal Public",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['public share buyback offer', 'LISI S A', 'Availability', 'information', 'characteristics', 'legal', 'financial', 'accounting', 'framework', 'PRESENTING BANK PRESENTINH BANK', '6 rue Juvénal Viellard', 'French financial markets authority', 'public share buyback offer', 'maximum total amount', 'chief executive officer', 'two founding families', 'extraordinary general meeting', '1 French limited company', 'CID1 capital reduction', 'share capital reduction', 'Internal Public', 'Viellard family', 'General Regulation', 'LISI share', 'OFFER PERIOD', '2022 financial year', 'Financial Code', 'United States', 'other country', 'press release', 'condition precedent', 'mandatory filing', 'takeover bid', 'same date', 'Euronext Paris', 'registered office', 'registration number', '700 RCS Belfort', 'family holding', 'Kohler family', 'Offer Resolution', 'OFFER PRICE', 'information memorandum', 'compliance decision', ""shareholders' agreements"", 'REGARDING LISI', 'LISI group', 'Article L.', 'The AMF', 'SHARES', 'document', 'publication', 'transmission', 'distribution', 'AVAILABILITY', 'CHARACTERISTICS', 'ACCOUNTING', 'FRAMEWORK', 'ORDER', 'GUARANTOR', '27.00 euros', 'payment', '0.15 euro', 'respect', '20 days', 'Grandvillars', 'April', 'accordance', 'provision', 'Monetary', '27,00 euros', 'losses', '401.60 euros', 'satisfaction', 'implementation', 'transactions', 'subject', 'entry', 'force', 'notice', 'timetable', 'board', 'directors', '3,189,900 euros', 'CIKO', 'VMC', 'WEIL', '3,030']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23306,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2649684/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 18 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9902 £ 23.8398 Estimated MTD return 1.30 % 1.36 % Estimated YTD return -2.81 % -2.40 % Estimated ITD return 169.90 % 138.40 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.49 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.88 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.3279 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.2385The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23307,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2650495/0/en/Foundational-LCD-Covers-Select-mdx-for-Prostate-Cancer.html,Foundational LCD Covers Select mdx for Prostate Cancer,NEWS RELEASE – INSIDE INFORMATIONApril 19  2023  4:00PM EDT / 22:00 CET  IRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – April 19  2023 – MDxHealth SA...,English FrenchNEWS RELEASE – INSIDE INFORMATIONApril 19  2023  4:00PM EDT / 22:00 CETIRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – April 19  2023 – MDxHealth SA (NASDAQ/Euronext: MDXH)  a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company  received notice that its Select mdx for Prostate Cancer test has successfully completed a rigorous technical assessment process with the Molecular Diagnostics Services (MolDX) Program developed by Palmetto GBA. Select mdx will be reimbursed throughout the U.S. for Medicare patients who meet coverage conditions under the foundational Local Coverage Determination (LCD) for Molecular Biomarkers to Risk-Stratify Patients at Increased Risk for Prostate Cancer.Michael K. McGarrity  CEO of mdxhealth  commented: “We are pleased to report this very positive and important development for mdxhealth. The quality of our clinical data for the Select mdx test  strong adoption from our urology customer base and inclusion in the NCCN Guidelines all reflect this positive reimbursement decision that now provides coverage for Medicare patients. We look forward to expanding the availability of our test to current and new customers and to patients entering the diagnostic pathway of prostate cancer. We believe our pre-biopsy Select mdx test  coupled with our post-biopsy Confirm mdx® and Genomic Prostate Score (formerly Oncotype DX GPS) tests  provides the most comprehensive and clinically actionable pathway for urologists and patients.”About Select mdxSelect mdx for Prostate Cancer is a proprietary urine-based mRNA test that offers a non-invasive method to assess a patient’s risk for clinically significant prostate cancer. Select mdx helps identify men at increased risk for undetected aggressive  potentially lethal  prostate cancer who may benefit most from a prostate biopsy and earlier detection. The test delivers a negative predictive value of 95% for clinically significant disease  helping to reduce the need for MRI procedures and invasive prostate biopsies  thereby reducing healthcare costs. The test has been included in the Early Detection for Prostate Cancer National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) clinical guidelines.About mdxhealthMdxhealth is a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company that provides actionable molecular information to personalize patient diagnosis and treatment. The Company’s tests are based on proprietary genomic  epigenetic (methylation) and other molecular technologies and assist physicians with the diagnosis and prognosis of urologic cancers and other urologic diseases. The Company’s U.S. headquarters and laboratory operations are in Irvine  California  with additional laboratory operations in Plano  Texas. European headquarters are in Herstal  Belgium  with laboratory operations in Nijmegen  The Netherlands. For more information  visit mdxhealth.com and follow us on social media at: twitter.com/mdxhealth  facebook.com/mdxhealth and linkedin.com/company/mdxhealth.For more information:mdxhealthinfo@mdxhealth.comLifeSci Advisors (IR & PR)US: +1 949 271 9223ir@mdxhealth.comThis press release contains forward-looking statements and estimates with respect to the anticipated future performance of MDxHealth and the market in which it operates  all of which involve certain risks and uncertainties. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “potential ” “expect ” “will ” “goal ” “next ” “potential ” “aim ” “explore ” “forward ” “future ” and “believes” as well as similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this release include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the acquisition of Oncotype DX® GPS prostate cancer business from Exact Sciences including statements regarding the anticipated benefits of the acquisition; statements regarding expected future operating results; statements regarding product development efforts; and statements regarding our strategies  positioning  resources  capabilities and expectations for future events or performance. Such statements and estimates are based on assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable but may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict  may depend upon factors that are beyond the company’s control  and may turn out to be materially different. Examples of forward-looking statements include  among others  statements we make regarding expected future operating results  product development efforts  our strategies  positioning  resources  capabilities and expectations for future events or performance. Important factors that could cause actual results  conditions and events to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: uncertainties associated with the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic  including its possible effects on our operations  and the demand for our products; our ability to successfully and profitably market our products; the acceptance of our products and services by healthcare providers; the willingness of health insurance companies and other payers to cover our products and services and adequately reimburse us for such products and services; our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals and comply with applicable regulations; the possibility that the anticipated benefits from our business acquisitions like our acquisition of the Oncotype DX® GPS prostate cancer business will not be realized in full or at all or may take longer to realize than expected; and the amount and nature of competition for our products and services. Other important risks and uncertainties are described in the Risk Factors sections of our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F and in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. MDxHealth expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this release to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based unless required by law or regulation. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of MDxHealth in any jurisdiction. No securities of MDxHealth may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. securities laws.NOTE: The mdxhealth logo  mdxhealth  Confirm mdx  Select mdx  Resolve mdx  Genomic Prostate Score  GPS and Monitor mdx are trademarks or registered trademarks of MDxHealth SA. The GPS test was formerly known as and is frequently referenced in guidelines  coverage policies  reimbursement decisions  manuscripts and other literature as Oncotype DX Prostate  Oncotype DX GPS  Oncotype DX Genomic Prostate Score  and Oncotype Dx Prostate Cancer Assay  among others. The Oncotype DX trademark  and all other trademarks and service marks  are the property of their respective owners.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.9,0.09,mixed,0.28,0.09,0.63,True,English,"['Foundational LCD Covers', 'Prostate Cancer', 'mdx', 'Oncotype DX® GPS prostate cancer business', 'Prostate Cancer National Comprehensive Cancer Network', 'aggressive, potentially lethal, prostate cancer', 'rigorous technical assessment process', 'proprietary urine-based mRNA test', 'foundational Local Coverage Determination', 'commercial-stage precision diagnostics company', 'Oncotype DX GPS', 'expected future operating results', 'biopsy Select mdx test', 'significant prostate cancer', 'Prostate Cancer test', 'Genomic Prostate Score', 'invasive prostate biopsies', 'Michael K. McGarrity', 'urology customer base', 'negative predictive value', 'other urologic diseases', 'product development efforts', 'Molecular Diagnostics Services', 'other molecular technologies', 'post-biopsy Confirm mdx®', 'positive reimbursement decision', 'clinically actionable pathway', 'NCCN) clinical guidelines', 'actionable molecular information', 'U.S. headquarters', 'additional laboratory operations', 'prostate biopsy', 'NCCN Guidelines', 'actual results', 'Molecular Biomarkers', 'important development', 'The Company', 'clinical data', 'diagnostic pathway', 'significant disease', 'European headquarters', 'other factors', 'future events', 'English French', '4:00PM EDT', 'MolDX) Program', 'Palmetto GBA.', 'strong adoption', 'new customers', 'earlier detection', 'MRI procedures', 'healthcare costs', 'Early Detection', 'The Netherlands', 'social media', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'similar expressions', 'Exact Sciences', 'COVID-19) pandemic', 'possible effects', 'coverage conditions', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'Actual events', 'NEWS RELEASE', 'press release', 'future performance', 'Important factors', 'unknown risks', 'forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'Medicare patients', 'Increased Risk', 'MDxHealth SA', 'patient diagnosis', 'April', '22:00 CET', 'IRVINE', 'HERSTAL', 'BELGIUM', 'NASDAQ/Euronext', 'notice', 'LCD', 'CEO', 'quality', 'inclusion', 'availability', 'current', 'tests', 'urologists', 'need', 'treatment', 'epigenetic', 'methylation', 'physicians', 'prognosis', 'cancers', 'California', 'Plano', 'Texas', 'Nijmegen', 'estimates', 'respect', 'market', 'uncertainties', 'use', 'words', 'phrases', 'aim', 'believes', 'acquisition', 'benefits', 'strategies', 'resources', 'capabilities', 'expectations', 'assumptions', 'assessments', 'control', 'Examples', 'others', 'positioning', 'following', 'coronavirus', 'demand', 'products', 'acceptance']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23308,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MDXHEALTH-SA-17498/news/Foundational-LCD-Covers-Select-mdx-for-Prostate-Cancer-43545971/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Foundational LCD Covers Select mdx for Prostate Cancer,(marketscreener.com) NEWS RELEASE – INSIDE INFORMATIONApril 19  2023  4:00PM EDT / 22:00 CET IRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – April 19  2023 – MDxHealth SA   a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company  received notice that its Select mdx for Prostate …,NEWS RELEASE – INSIDE INFORMATIONApril 19  2023  4:00PM EDT / 22:00 CETIRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – April 19  2023 – MDxHealth SA (NASDAQ/Euronext: MDXH)  a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company  received notice that its Select mdx for Prostate Cancer test has successfully completed a rigorous technical assessment process with the Molecular Diagnostics Services (MolDX) Program developed by Palmetto GBA. Select mdx will be reimbursed throughout the U.S. for Medicare patients who meet coverage conditions under the foundational Local Coverage Determination (LCD) for Molecular Biomarkers to Risk-Stratify Patients at Increased Risk for Prostate Cancer.Michael K. McGarrity  CEO of mdxhealth  commented: “We are pleased to report this very positive and important development for mdxhealth. The quality of our clinical data for the Select mdx test  strong adoption from our urology customer base and inclusion in the NCCN Guidelines all reflect this positive reimbursement decision that now provides coverage for Medicare patients. We look forward to expanding the availability of our test to current and new customers and to patients entering the diagnostic pathway of prostate cancer. We believe our pre-biopsy Select mdx test  coupled with our post-biopsy Confirm mdx® and Genomic Prostate Score (formerly Oncotype DX GPS) tests  provides the most comprehensive and clinically actionable pathway for urologists and patients.”About Select mdxSelect mdx for Prostate Cancer is a proprietary urine-based mRNA test that offers a non-invasive method to assess a patient’s risk for clinically significant prostate cancer. Select mdx helps identify men at increased risk for undetected aggressive  potentially lethal  prostate cancer who may benefit most from a prostate biopsy and earlier detection. The test delivers a negative predictive value of 95% for clinically significant disease  helping to reduce the need for MRI procedures and invasive prostate biopsies  thereby reducing healthcare costs. The test has been included in the Early Detection for Prostate Cancer National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) clinical guidelines.About mdxhealthMdxhealth is a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company that provides actionable molecular information to personalize patient diagnosis and treatment. The Company’s tests are based on proprietary genomic  epigenetic (methylation) and other molecular technologies and assist physicians with the diagnosis and prognosis of urologic cancers and other urologic diseases. The Company’s U.S. headquarters and laboratory operations are in Irvine  California  with additional laboratory operations in Plano  Texas. European headquarters are in Herstal  Belgium  with laboratory operations in Nijmegen  The Netherlands. For more information  visit mdxhealth.com and follow us on social media at: twitter.com/mdxhealth  facebook.com/mdxhealth and linkedin.com/company/mdxhealth.For more information:mdxhealthinfo@mdxhealth.comLifeSci Advisors (IR & PR)US: +1 949 271 9223ir@mdxhealth.comThis press release contains forward-looking statements and estimates with respect to the anticipated future performance of MDxHealth and the market in which it operates  all of which involve certain risks and uncertainties. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “potential ” “expect ” “will ” “goal ” “next ” “potential ” “aim ” “explore ” “forward ” “future ” and “believes” as well as similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this release include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the acquisition of Oncotype DX® GPS prostate cancer business from Exact Sciences including statements regarding the anticipated benefits of the acquisition; statements regarding expected future operating results; statements regarding product development efforts; and statements regarding our strategies  positioning  resources  capabilities and expectations for future events or performance. Such statements and estimates are based on assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable but may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict  may depend upon factors that are beyond the company’s control  and may turn out to be materially different. Examples of forward-looking statements include  among others  statements we make regarding expected future operating results  product development efforts  our strategies  positioning  resources  capabilities and expectations for future events or performance. Important factors that could cause actual results  conditions and events to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: uncertainties associated with the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic  including its possible effects on our operations  and the demand for our products; our ability to successfully and profitably market our products; the acceptance of our products and services by healthcare providers; the willingness of health insurance companies and other payers to cover our products and services and adequately reimburse us for such products and services; our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals and comply with applicable regulations; the possibility that the anticipated benefits from our business acquisitions like our acquisition of the Oncotype DX® GPS prostate cancer business will not be realized in full or at all or may take longer to realize than expected; and the amount and nature of competition for our products and services. Other important risks and uncertainties are described in the Risk Factors sections of our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F and in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. MDxHealth expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this release to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based unless required by law or regulation. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of MDxHealth in any jurisdiction. No securities of MDxHealth may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. securities laws.NOTE: The mdxhealth logo  mdxhealth  Confirm mdx  Select mdx  Resolve mdx  Genomic Prostate Score  GPS and Monitor mdx are trademarks or registered trademarks of MDxHealth SA. The GPS test was formerly known as and is frequently referenced in guidelines  coverage policies  reimbursement decisions  manuscripts and other literature as Oncotype DX Prostate  Oncotype DX GPS  Oncotype DX Genomic Prostate Score  and Oncotype Dx Prostate Cancer Assay  among others. The Oncotype DX trademark  and all other trademarks and service marks  are the property of their respective owners.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.9,0.09,mixed,0.25,0.14,0.6,True,English,"['Foundational LCD Covers', 'Prostate Cancer', 'mdx', 'Oncotype DX® GPS prostate cancer business', 'Prostate Cancer National Comprehensive Cancer Network', 'aggressive, potentially lethal, prostate cancer', 'rigorous technical assessment process', 'proprietary urine-based mRNA test', 'foundational Local Coverage Determination', 'commercial-stage precision diagnostics company', 'Oncotype DX GPS', 'biopsy Select mdx test', 'significant prostate cancer', 'Prostate Cancer test', 'Genomic Prostate Score', 'invasive prostate biopsies', 'Michael K. McGarrity', 'urology customer base', 'negative predictive value', 'other urologic diseases', 'product development efforts', 'clinically actionable pathway', 'post-biopsy Confirm mdx®', 'Molecular Diagnostics Services', 'other molecular technologies', 'positive reimbursement decision', 'future operating results', 'NCCN) clinical guidelines', 'actionable molecular information', 'U.S. headquarters', 'additional laboratory operations', 'prostate biopsy', 'NCCN Guidelines', 'Molecular Biomarkers', 'important development', 'actual results', 'clinical data', 'diagnostic pathway', 'significant disease', 'European headquarters', 'other factors', 'The Company', 'MolDX) Program', 'Palmetto GBA.', 'strong adoption', 'new customers', 'earlier detection', 'MRI procedures', 'healthcare costs', 'Early Detection', 'social media', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'similar expressions', 'Exact Sciences', 'COVID-19) pandemic', 'possible effects', 'healthcare providers', 'future events', 'coverage conditions', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'Actual events', 'NEWS RELEASE', 'The Netherlands', 'press release', 'Important factors', 'future performance', 'unknown risks', 'forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'Medicare patients', 'Increased Risk', 'MDxHealth SA', 'patient diagnosis', 'April', '4:00PM', '22:00 CET', 'IRVINE', 'HERSTAL', 'BELGIUM', 'NASDAQ/Euronext', 'notice', 'LCD', 'CEO', 'quality', 'inclusion', 'availability', 'current', 'tests', 'urologists', 'need', 'treatment', 'epigenetic', 'methylation', 'physicians', 'prognosis', 'cancers', 'California', 'Plano', 'Texas', 'Nijmegen', 'estimates', 'respect', 'market', 'uncertainties', 'use', 'words', 'phrases', 'believes', 'acquisition', 'benefits', 'expected', 'strategies', 'resources', 'capabilities', 'expectations', 'assumptions', 'assessments', 'control', 'Examples', 'others', 'positioning', 'following', 'coronavirus', 'demand', 'products', 'acceptance']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23309,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LHYFE-137697440/news/Lhyfe-Heroes-launches-the-first-Hydrogen-Ecosystems-Management-Portal-to-accelerate-hydrogen-mobil-43538103/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Lhyfe : Heroes launches the first Hydrogen Ecosystems Management Portal to accelerate hydrogen mobility development in local areas,(marketscreener.com) the first portal for managing hydrogen mobility ecosystems. This portal  which is geared towards regions  local authorities  economic development agencies and so on  and their end users  is designed as a tool for managing and accelerating…,"Nantes (France)  17 April 2023 - 7:30 am - Lhyfe Heroes  the first digital platform developed to start decarbonising industries with green and renewable hydrogen  is today presenting - at the Hydrogen Fuel Cell Europe fair (Hanover  Germany) - the first portal for managing hydrogen mobility ecosystems. This portal  which is geared towards regions  local authorities  economic development agencies and so on  and their end users  is designed as a tool for managing and accelerating multiple hydrogen uses in a given area.With the new portal  Lhyfe Heroes is pursuing its sole purpose - that of accelerating hydrogen projects.Meet Lhyfe Heroes from 17 to 21 April 2023 at the Hydrogen Fuel Cell Europe fair (Hannover Messe  Germany)Hall 13  Booth C60/1The challenges specific to hydrogen ecosystemsDeveloping hydrogen in an area involves several challenges:Answering the ""egg or chicken?"" question or in other words deciding with what to start: Hydrogen production? Development of uses? Distribution?Correctly locating production and distribution infrastructure to meet user requirementsDeveloping and accelerating uses in the area through education.The complexity of these challenges combined with the need to build an entire fuel chain can slow the progress of some projects.Learning from experience: Synchronisation  the key to quick ecosystem deploymentTo develop the Lhyfe Heroes platform  the team built on the experience of Lhyfe  one of the pioneers of green and renewable hydrogen. The company has already been involved in deploying four ecosystems in France and Germany  and is working on 9.8 GW of projects throughout Europe.To deploy its first production plant  in Pays de la Loire in 2021 (the first in the world powered by wind)  Lhyfe created a regional ecosystem composed of public and private users  distributors (fuel stations)  manufacturers and so on  which coordinated their needs and offerings and synchronised their actions. The result was a fuel chain deployed in just two years and launched in 2021  around a semi-centralised production plant.Today  more and more ecosystems are emerging in Europe  with an ever-increasing number of players involved. An online solution can help to accelerate and ease this long-term job.A portal to centralise information and accelerate ecosystem developmentKnowing the importance of the ecosystem coordinator role - and its complex nature - for the rapid deployment of these local-network-based ecosystems  Lhyfe Heroes has developed a new feature within its digital platform launched last November: a Hydrogen Ecosystems Management Portal.The data collected on hydrogen solutions  services and needs  following following several months of surveys by email  phone  and in-person  was until now stored in a database and updated very little. The process of collecting  updating and sharing data is now more efficient thanks to this online tool.The Hydrogen Ecosystems Management Portal will help those initiating and in charge of developing hydrogen mobility ecosystems to:Identify and quantify local uses on a map to visualise needs better;Communicate regularly on project progress  to facilitate the synchronisation of adjacent projects (hydrogen uses and production and distribution infrastructure);Stimulate the end-user community (fleet managers  stations  etc.) through meetings with experts  potential partners  meetings between local players  etc. to support them in their projects  maintain momentum and - ultimately - develop uses more quickly.This portal is a crucial decision-making tool for effectively allocating funding for uses and infrastructure  and for choosing the right partners from the start of a project  so that no component of the ecosystem blocks its overall development.Several players have already begin using the portal  such as the town of Schwäbisch Gmünd in Germany  the regional economic development agency for the Occitanie/Pyrénées-Méditerranée Region (AD'OCC) in France and an airport area.Hydrogen ecosystems can contact Lhyfe Heroes as of now to start setting up their portal account.Alexander Groll  Head of the Economic Development Agency in the City of Schwäbisch Gmünd:""The decarbonisation process is proving to be a major challenge for a medium-sized city like ours. In Schwäbisch Gmünd we face this challenge in particular with our sustainable technology park ASPEN and with the many different skills and expertise our local companies have in decarbonisation and hydrogen technologies. We welcomed the opportunity to test the Lhyfe Heroes Ecosystems portal with enthusiasm in order to work together more effectively between the many people and groups involved. It is also a communication tool for us to regularly show all the businesses and organisations in the city the dynamic approach of our community to this forward-looking issue.""Benjamin Fevre  Hydrogen Innovation & Industry coordinator  Regional Economic Development agency for the Region of Occitanie/Pyrénées-Méditerranée: ""To develop a hydrogen mobility project like the Occitanie H2 Corridor  we must coordinate and share information between suppliers of hydrogen technologies  hydrogen producers and distributors  carriers and shippers  and local areas. We also coordinate with public funding entities. It is both intense and essential work  and for which equipping ourselves with a digital tool can only help us. It is for this purpose that the Heroes platform will be tested around the Lhyfe Occitanie renewable hydrogen production plant in Bessières.""Claire Le Dren  in charge of developing Lhyfe Heroes: ""Since the launch of Lhyfe Heroes  we have been attentive to users and constantly working with the sales teams of our partners  which feed our reflection on the obstacles encountered by the players in the field. We are at the start of a transition that is absolutely essential to the fight against climate change. We must accompany and connect all players  bringing knowledge to each carrier  shipper and fleet manager who has questions about renewable hydrogen. In this context  managers of hydrogen ecosystems have the same goal as hydrogen technology providers: accelerating energy transition through hydrogen. However  they are not yet equipped to manage the ramped-up level of demand and projects. We are delighted to bring them a solution that will simplify their everyday work.""For an interview with the spokespersons above  please contact the press department : Click to access the Lhyfe Media Kit (press kit and visuals)About Lhyfe HeroesLaunched in November 2022 by the green and renewable hydrogen producer and supplier Lhyfe  Lhyfe Hereos is the first digital platform developed to help pioneers in deploying their hydrogen projects. It is aimed at project initiators wishing to turn to hydrogen or who are already in the process of making the switch and are looking to equip themselves. The platform already includes a CO2 savings simulator  more than a hundred solutions capable of providing the building blocks for projects  and comprehensive information on hydrogen mobility as well as stationary uses of the gas.More information at www.lhyfe-heroes.com.About LhyfeLhyfe is a European group devoted to energy transition  and a producer and supplier of green and renewable hydrogen. Its production sites and portfolio of projects intend to provide access to green and renewable hydrogen in industrial quantities  and enable the creation of a virtuous energy model capable of decarbonising entire sectors of industry and transport.In 2021  Lhyfe inaugurated the first industrial-scale green hydrogen production plant in the world to be interconnected with a wind farm. In 2022  Lhyfe inaugurated the first offshore green hydrogen production pilot platform in the world.Lhyfe is represented in 11 European countries and had 149 staff at the end of 2022. The company is listed on the Euronext market in Paris (ISIN: FR0014009YQ1 - LHYFE). Lhyfe.comContacts:LHYFE:Industry Press RelationsNouvelles GrainesClémence Rebours:+33 (0) 6 60 57 76 43[email protected]Financial Press RelationsACTUSManon Clairet+33 (0) 1 53 67 36 73[email protected]",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.72,0.18,0.1,True,English,"['first Hydrogen Ecosystems Management Portal', 'hydrogen mobility development', 'local areas', 'Lhyfe', 'Heroes', 'Occitanie/Pyrénées-Méditerranée Region', 'Hydrogen Fuel Cell Europe fair', 'The Hydrogen Ecosystems Management Portal', 'Pays de la Loire', 'Schwäbisch Gmünd', 'regional economic development agency', 'Lhyfe Heroes Ecosystems portal', 'economic development agencies', 'sustainable technology park', 'Occitanie H2 Corridor', 'entire fuel chain', 'hydrogen mobility ecosystems', 'many different skills', 'semi-centralised production plant', 'crucial decision-making tool', 'first digital platform', 'hydrogen mobility project', 'quick ecosystem deployment', 'ecosystem coordinator role', 'first production plant', 'multiple hydrogen uses', 'Lhyfe Heroes platform', 'regional ecosystem', 'first portal', 'ecosystem development', 'fuel stations', 'four ecosystems', 'local-network-based ecosystems', 'renewable hydrogen', 'Hydrogen production', 'hydrogen solutions', 'hydrogen technologies', 'Hydrogen Innovation', 'overall development', 'rapid deployment', 'many people', 'Industry coordinator', 'new portal', 'portal account', 'hydrogen projects', 'decarbonising industries', 'local authorities', 'end users', 'sole purpose', 'Hannover Messe', 'other words', 'user requirements', 'private users', 'two years', 'increasing number', 'online solution', 'long-term job', 'complex nature', 'new feature', 'several months', 'online tool', 'fleet managers', 'potential partners', 'right partners', ""AD'OCC"", 'Alexander Groll', 'local companies', 'communication tool', 'dynamic approach', 'forward-looking issue', 'Benjamin Fevre', 'local uses', 'local players', 'Several players', 'project progress', 'end-user community', 'major challenge', 'adjacent projects', 'distribution infrastructure', 'several challenges', 'medium-sized city', 'airport area', 'decarbonisation process', 'Nantes', 'France', 'April', 'green', 'Hanover', 'Germany', 'regions', 'Booth', 'egg', 'chicken', 'question', 'education', 'complexity', 'need', 'Learning', 'experience', 'Synchronisation', 'key', 'team', 'pioneers', 'company', '9.8 GW', 'world', 'wind', 'public', 'distributors', 'manufacturers', 'offerings', 'actions', 'result', 'information', 'importance', 'data', 'services', 'surveys', 'email', 'phone', 'person', 'charge', 'map', 'meetings', 'experts', 'momentum', 'funding', 'start', 'component', 'town', 'Head', 'ASPEN', 'expertise', 'opportunity', 'enthusiasm', 'order', 'groups', 'businesses', 'organisations', '7:30', '17']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23310,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lytix-biopharma-appoints-new-chairman-of-the-board-301801506.html,Lytix Biopharma appoints new Chairman of the Board,"OSLO  Norway  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Lytix Biopharma AS (""Lytix"") (Euronext Growth Oslo: LYTIX)  a clinical stage immuno-oncology company  announces the election of a new Chairman of the Board at today's General Assembly. The new Chairman is Dr Marie …","OSLO  Norway  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Lytix Biopharma AS (""Lytix"") (Euronext Growth Oslo: LYTIX)  a clinical stage immuno-oncology company  announces the election of a new Chairman of the Board at today's General Assembly. The new Chairman is Dr Marie Roskrow  a senior executive with international experience in both lifesciences and investment banking.Dr Roskrow holds a medical degree and a PhD in Immunology and serves currently as the Chairman of a number of international biotechnology companies.""I'm very excited that Marie Roskrow is joining Lytix as the new Chairman of our board. Marie has a very strong and relevant background within immune oncology and the finance sector  and I look forward to collaborating with her on further development and commercialization of our core technology and drug candidates "" says Øystein Rekdal  CEO of Lytix Biopharma. ""I would like to take the opportunity to thank Gert W. Munthe for his strong support and active contribution to our board  both as Chairman and a board member over several years "" Rekdal adds.In addition to high level clinical and research positions  Dr. Roskrow has extensive experience as an investment banker  CEO and Chairman in both private and listed companies  such as the GSF Research Institute (Munich)  Patrys Ltd (Melbourne)  Imevax (Munich) and Lazard Healthcare Investment Banker (New York  San Francisco  Sydney). She has also participated in dozens of public and private biotechnology and pharmaceutical merger and acquisition deals  company financings and product in/out-licensing deals.""I find Lytix Biopharma's technology very unique and promising and look forward very much to using my expertise to help bring the company to a commercial success "" says Dr. Roskrow  as the new Chairman of the Board in Lytix Biopharma.Lytix' Board of Directors now consist of:Marie Ann Roskrow (Chairman);(Chairman); Brynjar Forbergskog;Marie-Louise Fjällskog;Kjetil Hestdal;Evelina Vågesjö; andJayson Rieger .For more information  please contact:Gjest Breistein  CFO: [email protected]Ole Peter Nordby  Head of IR & Communication Manager: [email protected]SOURCE Lytix Biopharma AS",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['Lytix Biopharma', 'new Chairman', 'Board', 'clinical stage immuno-oncology company', 'Lazard Healthcare Investment Banker', 'SOURCE Lytix Biopharma AS', 'high level clinical', 'Gert W. Munthe', 'Marie-Louise Fjällskog', 'Evelina Vågesjö', 'Ole Peter Nordby', 'GSF Research Institute', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Marie Ann Roskrow', 'international biotechnology companies', 'Dr Marie Roskrow', 'investment banking', 'Dr Roskrow', 'Dr. Roskrow', 'international experience', 'research positions', 'listed companies', 'company financings', 'General Assembly', 'senior executive', 'medical degree', 'relevant background', 'immune oncology', 'finance sector', 'drug candidates', 'active contribution', 'several years', 'extensive experience', 'Patrys Ltd', 'New York', 'San Francisco', 'private biotechnology', 'pharmaceutical merger', 'acquisition deals', 'licensing deals', 'commercial success', 'Brynjar Forbergskog', 'Kjetil Hestdal', 'Jayson Rieger', 'Gjest Breistein', 'Communication Manager', 'core technology', 'Øystein Rekdal', 'strong support', 'new Chairman', 'board member', ""Lytix' Board"", 'Norway', 'April', 'election', 'today', 'lifesciences', 'PhD', 'Immunology', 'number', 'development', 'commercialization', 'CEO', 'opportunity', 'addition', 'Munich', 'Melbourne', 'Imevax', 'Sydney', 'dozens', 'public', 'product', 'expertise', 'Directors', 'information', 'CFO', 'Head']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,prnewswire.com
23311,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FOX-CORPORATION-57672112/news/FOX-Alternative-Entertainment-Unveils-Two-New-Third-Party-Series-Created-Under-Company-s-Internati-43545920/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,FOX : Alternative Entertainment Unveils Two New Third-Party Series Created Under Company's International Unscripted Format Fund,(marketscreener.com)   FAE to Co-Produce Celebrity Competition Beat My Mini-Mes with TF1 in France   and Dating Reality-Social Experiment Marriage Market with Germany's ProSieben    FOX Alternative Entertainment   FOX Entertainment's in-house unscrip…,"FAE to Co-Produce Celebrity Competition Beat My Mini-Mes (working title) with TF1 in Franceand Dating Reality-Social Experiment Marriage Market (working title) with Germany's ProSiebenFOX Alternative Entertainment (FAE)  FOX Entertainment's in-house unscripted studio  today unveiled two new series created by the company under its International Unscripted Format Fund - the celebrity competition Beat My Mini-Mes (working title) for TF1 in France and the dating program Marriage Market (working title) for Germany's ProSieben. The announcement was made today by Allison Wallach  President  Unscripted Programming  of FOX Entertainment.Jointly developed by FAE and TF1  Beat My Mini-Mes is a big studio competition series where celebrity singers face off while surrounded by talented children who are all wearing the same outfit as they are  like mini-mes. After multiple rounds of stunning and hypnotizing performances  only one kid will help their team be crowned the winner. Co-produced by TF1 Production and FAE  Beat My Mini-Mes will premiere later this year.Marriage Market is a dating reality series and a social experiment that sees parents select their child's husband or wife in a dedicated market where other parents have decorated booths according to their own kid's personality. The parents and newly introduced couple then live all together in a house  where the kids get to know each other under the close watch of their parents. Premiering in the second half of this year (TBC) on ProSieben and on Joyn  Marriage Market was developed by FAE and ProSieben  which will produce with Cheerio Entertainment  a Seven.One Studios company.Created and financed by FOX  both the Beat My Mini-Mes and Marriage Market formats are owned and distributed by FOX Alternative Entertainment.""We specifically designed this Format Fund to partner with international buyers to identify  develop and introduce new programs that expand FAE's slate of owned content and  in success  serve as a platform for future success on FOX in the U.S. "" said Wallach. ""In Beat My Mini-Mes and TF1  and Marriage Market and ProSieben  we have the perfect combination of what we're striving for with this initiative - unique formats with unlimited potential on a global scale and great partners with an impressive track record of innovation.""""We are thrilled to bring Beat My Mini-Mes to our viewers. I am totally convinced this fresh and original show has a perfect family co-viewing purpose for our entertainment prime time slots. And what a great collaboration with FOX! Pooling our creative resources has allowed us to produce a rarely seen amazing and impressive show "" said Julien Degroote  Executive Vice President  Content Development  TF1 Group.Hannes Hiller  Senior Vice President for Content Development at ProSieben and SAT.1  added  ""Marriage Market gives the dating genre a fresh  special twist: the idea of having parents or family members look for partners for their children is as provocative as it is exciting. We are proud to produce the new FOX Alternative Entertainment reality show Marriage Market in an unprecedented partnership for Joyn and ProSieben. This great creative exchange with the US colleagues offers completely new possibilities for the formats market.""As part of FOX Entertainment's strategy to build and diversify its portfolio of content and revenue streams  in 2021 FAE launched the International Unscripted Format Fund to identify intellectual property for the global market. The fund invests in and develops internationally originated unscripted program concepts ranging from reality-competition and variety series to dating and other genres for provincial networks and platforms. In providing local broadcasters cost-effective programming  FAE will co-produce series selected by the fund with each series' partner. Other series originating from the Fund include The Big Deal for Ireland's Virgin Media Television in partnership with Dublin-based BiggerStage and the celebrity performance competition The Masterpiece (international format: Celebrity Masterpiece) for Workpoint in Thailand.ABOUT TF1 GROUPTF1 Group is a major player in the production  publication and distribution of content. Our raison d'être: to positively inspire society. Our operations are split between two divisions:The Media division is home to our free-to-air channels (TF1  TMC  TFX  TF1 Séries Films  LCI)  our theme channels (Ushuaia TV  Histoire TV  TV Breizh  Série Club)  our on-demand content platforms (MYTF1  TFOU MAX and Salto)  and the TF1 PUB advertising airtime sales house. We also operate in music production and live shows with Muzeek One.The Production division  with Newen Studios  is home to more than 50 creative companies and labels in France and abroad. The division creates and distributes programmes across all genres and for all media industry players  from public-service and private-sector broadcasters to online platforms.TF1 group has operations in around 10 countries and employed 2 810 people as of 31 December 2022. In 2022  the Group generated revenue of €2 508m (Euronext Paris  compartment A: ISIN FR0000054900).ABOUT PROSIEBENProSieben is Germany's most popular TV brand and stands for entertainment like no other station. It's not for nothing that the claim is: We love to entertain you. Since 1988  ProSieben has been delighting young viewers in particular (ages 14-49) with top blockbusters  U.S. series  established infotainment formats from the areas of current affairs  lifestyle  reportage or knowledge  and some of the most successful and popular TV shows in the country  such as ""The Masked Singer "" ""Germany's Next Top Model - by Heidi Klum "" ""Stealing the Show"" or ""The Voice of Germany.ABOUT FOX ALTERNATIVE ENTERTAINMENTFOX Alternative Entertainment (FAE) is the in-house unscripted studio of FOX Entertainment. Formed in 2019 to oversee the production of The Masked Singer  U.S. television's #1 unscripted series  FAE develops and produces alternative programming for the FOX Network  its streaming service  Tubi  and third-party platforms. In addition to The Masked Singer  FAE currently produces Gordon Ramsay's cooking competition and last season's #1 new entertainment series  Next Level Chef  and the upcoming series Gordon Ramsay's Food Stars (both with Studio Ramsay Global); I Can See Your Voice  hosted by Ken Jeong; Alter Ego  the 2021-22 season's #1 new unscripted program; Joe Millionaire: For Richer or Poorer; Crime Scene Kitchen (with Fly on the Wall Entertainment)  Summer 2021's #1 new series hosted by Joel McHale; Name That Tune  featuring Jane Krakowski and Randy Jackson; as well as Domino Masters  hosted by Eric Stonestreet. Third-party series produced by FAE include the dating show Love Trip: Paris for Freeform in the U.S.  the variety competition program The Big Deal for Ireland's Virgin Media Television in partnership with Dublin-based BiggerStage and the celebrity performance competition The Masterpiece (international format: Celebrity Masterpiece) for Workpoint in Thailand.Contact:Les EisnerLes.eisner@fox.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Two New Third-Party Series', 'International Unscripted Format Fund', 'Alternative Entertainment', 'FOX', 'Company', 'new FOX Alternative Entertainment reality show', 'entertainment prime time slots', 'local broadcasters cost-effective programming', 'TF1 Séries Films', 'big studio competition series', 'Seven.One Studios company', 'Reality-Social Experiment Marriage Market', 'International Unscripted Format Fund', 'The Big Deal', 'house unscripted studio', 'Virgin Media Television', 'Série Club', 'MYTF1, TFOU MAX', 'media industry players', 'dating reality series', 'unscripted program concepts', 'impressive track record', 'Executive Vice President', 'Senior Vice President', 'airtime sales house', 'two new series', 'The Media division', 'perfect family co', 'fresh, special twist', 'celebrity performance competition', 'great creative exchange', 'The Production division', 'Marriage Market formats', 'demand content platforms', 'Unscripted Programming', 'international format', 'impressive show', 'FOX Entertainment', 'original show', 'new programs', 'new possibilities', 'Cheerio Entertainment', 'international buyers', 'U.S.', 'Newen Studios', 'private-sector broadcasters', 'Celebrity Competition', 'The Masterpiece', 'Muzeek One', 'formats market', 'perfect combination', 'family members', 'two divisions', 'variety series', ""series' partner"", 'Other series', 'unique formats', 'great collaboration', 'creative resources', '50 creative companies', 'dating program', 'celebrity singers', 'Celebrity Masterpiece', 'global market', 'one kid', 'working title', 'same outfit', 'multiple rounds', 'hypnotizing performances', 'TF1 Production', 'close watch', 'second half', 'unlimited potential', 'global scale', 'viewing purpose', 'Julien Degroote', 'Hannes Hiller', 'US colleagues', 'intellectual property', 'provincial networks', 'Dublin-based BiggerStage', 'major player', 'air channels', 'theme channels', 'TF1 PUB', 'music production', 'live shows', 'online platforms', 'great partners', 'TF1 Group', 'dating genre', 'Content Development', 'Ushuaia TV', 'TV Breizh', 'Allison Wallach', 'talented children', 'future success', 'unprecedented partnership', 'revenue streams', 'other genres', 'other parents', 'FAE', 'Mini-Mes', 'France', 'Germany', 'ProSieben', 'announcement', 'Beat', 'stunning', 'team', 'winner', 'husband', 'wife', 'dedicated', 'booths', 'personality', 'couple', 'kids', 'year', 'TBC', 'Joyn', 'slate', 'initiative', 'innovation', 'viewers', 'amazing', 'SAT', 'idea', 'strategy', 'portfolio', 'reality-competition', 'Ireland', 'Workpoint', 'Thailand', 'publication', 'distribution', 'raison', 'society', 'operations', 'TMC', 'TFX', 'LCI', 'Salto', 'labels', 'programmes', 'public-service', '10 countries', '2,810 people', '31 December']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23312,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/broadridge-and-linedata-announce-integration-with-linedata-longview-oms-to-enhance-trade-matching-301801406.html,Broadridge and Linedata Announce Integration with Linedata Longview OMS to enhance Trade Matching,Driving greater customer value through a single multi-asset class post-trade matching platform  leveraging FIX NEW YORK  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- To better automate the middle and back-office functions around trade matching  global Fintech leader  Broad…,"Driving greater customer value through a single multi-asset class post-trade matching platform  leveraging FIXNEW YORK  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- To better automate the middle and back-office functions around trade matching  global Fintech leader  Broadridge Financial Solutions  Inc. (NYSE: BR)  today announced an expansion of its partnership with Linedata  a global provider of asset management and credit technology data and services. Through this expanded global partnership  Broadridge's NYFIX Matching solution will be integrated directly with Linedata's Order Management System (OMS) powered by its Asset Management Platform (AMP).""Post-trade processing is still highly manual and prone to errors  however with NYFIX  Broadridge is able to provide the buy-side with a streamlined post-trade workflow "" said George Rosenberger  General Manager of NYFIX  Broadridge. ""Our partnership with Linedata represents our mutual commitment to offering an optimized post-trade matching service to the widest client base.""Linedata Longview OMS clients will benefit from Broadridge's NYFIX Matching solution  enhancing Linedata's post-trade matching capabilities. Further  this integration offers mutual clients an alternative to other trade lifecycle processors. Linedata clients and corresponding brokers gain cost efficiencies with this straightforward yet robust workflow solution.""In today's volatile market environment  Linedata remains laser-focused on driving value and efficiency into our customers' workflows "" said Bob Moitoso  Head of Asset Management  North America at Linedata. ""Broadridge is proving to be a key partner for us in our commitment to providing flexible  innovative OMS capabilities and expanding choice for our customers.""About LinedataWith 25 years' experience and 700+ clients in 50 countries  Linedata's 1 100 employees in 20 offices provide global humanized technology solutions and services for the asset management  insurance and credit industries that help its clients evolve and operate at the highest levels.Headquartered in France  Linedata achieved revenues of EUR 172.7 million in 2022 and is listed on Euronext Paris compartment B FR0004156297-LIN – Reuters LDSV.PA – Bloomberg LIN:FP. For more information  please visit our website or contact us.About BroadridgeBroadridge Financial Solutions (NYSE: BR)  a global Fintech leader with more than $5 billion in revenues  provides the critical infrastructure that powers investing  corporate governance and communications to enable better financial lives. We deliver technology-driven solutions that drive business transformation for banks  broker-dealers  asset and wealth managers and public companies. Broadridge's infrastructure serves as a global communications hub enabling corporate governance by linking thousands of public companies and mutual funds to tens of millions of individual and institutional investors around the world. Our technology and operations platforms underpin the daily trading of more than U.S. $9 trillion of equities  fixed income  and other securities globally. A certified Great Place to Work®  Broadridge is part of the S&P 500® Index  employing over 14 000 associates in 21 countries.For more information about us and what we can do for you  please visit www.broadridge.com.Broadridge Contacts:Investors:Edings ThibaultHead of Investor Relations  Broadridge[email protected]Media:Gregg RosenbergCorporate Communications[email protected]SOURCE Broadridge Financial Solutions  Inc.",neutral,0.13,0.87,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.24,0.32,True,English,"['Linedata Longview OMS', 'Trade Matching', 'Broadridge', 'Integration', 'straightforward yet robust workflow solution', 'flexible, innovative OMS capabilities', 'other trade lifecycle processors', 'global humanized technology solutions', 'SOURCE Broadridge Financial Solutions', 'Linedata Longview OMS clients', 'single multi-asset class', 'widest client base', 'volatile market environment', 'Euronext Paris compartment', 'trade matching platform', 'global Fintech leader', 'post-trade matching capabilities', 'NYFIX Matching solution', 'S&P 500® Index', 'Order Management System', 'post-trade matching service', 'credit technology data', 'greater customer value', 'global communications hub', 'Asset Management Platform', 'post-trade workflow', 'technology-driven solutions', 'financial lives', 'other securities', 'global provider', 'Post-trade processing', 'credit industries', 'U.S.', 'mutual clients', '700+ clients', 'global partnership', 'NEW YORK', 'back-office functions', 'George Rosenberger', 'General Manager', 'corresponding brokers', 'cost efficiencies', 'Bob Moitoso', 'North America', 'key partner', ""25 years' experience"", 'highest levels', 'Reuters LDSV', 'corporate governance', 'business transformation', 'wealth managers', 'public companies', 'mutual funds', 'operations platforms', 'daily trading', 'fixed income', 'Great Place', 'Edings Thibault', 'Investor Relations', 'Gregg Rosenberg', 'Corporate Communications', 'Broadridge Contacts', 'Linedata clients', 'mutual commitment', ""customers' workflows"", 'Bloomberg LIN', 'critical infrastructure', 'institutional investors', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'middle', 'NYSE', 'expansion', 'services', 'AMP', 'errors', 'buy', 'side', 'streamlined', 'optimized', 'integration', 'alternative', 'today', 'efficiency', 'Head', 'choice', '50 countries', '1,100 employees', '20 offices', 'insurance', 'France', 'revenues', 'information', 'website', 'investing', 'banks', 'broker-dealers', 'thousands', 'tens', 'millions', 'individual', 'world', 'equities', '14,000 associates', '21 countries', 'Media']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,prnewswire.com
23313,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-to-attend-the-van-lanschot-kempen-life-sciences-conference-2023-301800319.html,Pharming to attend the Van Lanschot Kempen Life Sciences Conference 2023,"LEIDEN  Netherlands  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (NASDAQ: PHAR) announces that Pharming's Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries and Chief Financial Officer  Jeroen Wakkerman will attend the Va…","LEIDEN  Netherlands  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (NASDAQ: PHAR) announces that Pharming's Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries and Chief Financial Officer  Jeroen Wakkerman will attend the Van Lanschot Kempen Life Sciences Conference on April 25 and 26  2023 in Amsterdam  the Netherlands.Pharming's management will be available for one-to-one investor meetings during the conference.For more information about the conference  or to schedule a one-to-one with Pharming's management team  please contact your Van Lanschot Kempen representative  or send an email to Pharming's Investor Relations team to [email protected].About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: [email protected]FTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: [email protected]Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2003587/Pharming_Group_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen Life Sciences Conference', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Life Sciences Conference', 'Van Lanschot Kempen representative', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Corporate Communications T', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'Leon Melens T', 'protein replacement therapies', 'VP Investor Relations', 'SOURCE Pharming Group', 'Investor Relations team', 'one investor meetings', 'gene therapies', 'Jeroen Wakkerman', 'management team', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Michael Levitan', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'Amy Byrne', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'The Netherlands', 'public information', 'LEIDEN', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'email', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'London', 'UK', 'Logo']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,prnewswire.com
23314,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/teleperformance-signs-agreement-with-unions-in-colombia-301802078.html,Teleperformance signs agreement with unions in Colombia,NEW YORK  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Teleperformance  a global leader in digital business services  today finalized an agreement re-affirming its shared commitments to workers' rights in Colombia. Teleperformance finalized an agreement re-affirming its sh…,"NEW YORK  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Teleperformance  a global leader in digital business services  today finalized an agreement re-affirming its shared commitments to workers' rights in Colombia.The agreement  signed with Ultraclaro and UNI Global Union  reinforces Teleperformance's commitment to being a Force of Good in creating jobs in Colombia while fostering democratic labor relations with its employees.Teleperformance finalized an agreement re-affirming its shared commitments to workers' rights in Colombia. Tweet thisTo read more about the agreement  click here.Teleperformance thanks the Colombian Ministry of Labour for working closely with the Group to reach this mutually beneficial agreement.ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUPTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  a global leader in digital business services  serves as a strategic partner to the world's largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. More than 410 000 employees  based in 91 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 300 languages and 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the ""Simpler  Faster  Safer"" process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry's highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2022  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 154 million (US$8.6 billion  based on €1 = $1.05) and net profit of €645 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformanceSOURCE Teleperformance",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.83,0.14,0.03,True,English,"['Teleperformance', 'agreement', 'unions', 'Colombia', 'unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach', 'One Office support services model', 'reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'Corporate Social Responsibility excellence', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'S&P Europe', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'Euronext Paris market', 'digital business services', 'UNI Global Union', 'democratic labor relations', 'successful customer interaction', 'optimized business processes', 'deferred settlement service', 'digital solutions', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'global leader', 'NEW YORK', ""workers' rights"", 'Colombian Ministry', 'strategic partner', 'largest companies', 'many industries', 'Safer"" process', 'highest security', 'quality standards', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'TEP FP', 'Teleperformance shares', 'SOURCE Teleperformance', 'beneficial agreement', 'TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'commitments', 'Ultraclaro', 'Force', 'jobs', 'employees', 'Labour', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'end', 'More', '91 countries', 'billions', 'connections', '300 languages', '170 markets', 'Simpler', 'mission', 'use', 'compliance', 'industry', 'area', 'September', 'information', 'Twitter']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,prnewswire.com
23315,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MOTA-ENGIL-SGPS-S-A-5820/news/Mota-Engil-SGPS-S-A-informs-on-2022-Corporate-Governance-Report-43539232/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Mota Engil SGPS S A : informs on 2022 Corporate Governance Report,(marketscreener.com)   Report on   Corporate Governance   2022   Actions for a sustainable future.         Consolidated Report & Accounts 2022     ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MOTA-ENGIL-SGPS-S-A-5820/news/Mota-Engil-…,"Report on Corporate Governance 2022 Actions for a sustainable future.Consolidated Report & Accounts 2022 Report on Corporate Governance 2022 2 2 Table of Contents PART I − INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDER STRUCTURE  ORGANISATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE Capital structure Holdings and securities held B. GOVERNING BODIES AND COMMITTEES General Meeting Management and Supervision Supervision IV. Statutory auditor External Auditor C. INTERNAL ORGANISATION Articles of association Reporting of irregularities Internal control and risk management IV. Investor support Website D. REMUNERATION Competence to determine Remuneration Committee Remuneration structure IV. Disclosure of remuneration Agreements with remunerative implications VI. Plans for the awarding of shares or stock options TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES Mechanisms and control procedures Elements relating to the business PART II − ASSESSMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Identification of the corporate governance code adopted Analysis of compliance with the corporate governance code adopted Other information 3 3 5 7 7 8 26 30 31 33 33 33 34 38 39 40 40 40 41 47 48 48 49 49 50 51 51 56Consolidated Report & Accounts 2022 Report on Corporate Governance 2022 33 PART I − INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDER STRUCTURE  ORGANISATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Introduction References throughout this document to the Securities Code (""CVM"") refer to the version in effect on 31 December 2022. A. SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE Capital structure 1. Capital structure (share capital  number of shares  distribution of capital to shareholders  etc.) including listing of shares not admitted for trading  different categories of shares  rights and duties inherent to them and the percentage of capital that each category represents (article 29-H  paragraph 1  subparagraph a)). The share capital of MOTA-ENGIL  SGPS  S.A. (""MOTA-ENGIL"" or ""Company"") amounts to 306 775 950 Euros and is represented by 306 775 950 ordinary and registered shares with a nominal value of one euro per share. All shares are listed in Euronext Lisbon. Distribution of share capital among shareholders as at 31 December 2022: Shareholders No. of shares % of capital % of voting held rights Own shares: 6 091 581 1.99% - Qualified holdings: FM - Sociedade de Controlo  SGPS  S.A. 122 950 167 40.08% 40.89% China Communications Construction Group 99 426 974 32.41% 33.07% Other shareholders 78 307 228 25.53% 26.04% 306 775 950 100.00% 100.00% 2. Restrictions to the transferability of shares  such as consent for alienation clauses  or limitations to share ownership (article 29-H  paragraph 1  subparagraph b)). There are no restrictions on the transfer of shares nor limitations on ownership. 3. Number of own shares  corresponding percentage of share capital and percentage of voting rights that would correspond to the own shares (article 29-H  paragraph 1  subparagraph a)). As at 31 December 2022  MOTA-ENGIL held 6 091 581 own shares corresponding to 1.99% of its share capital  which granted no voting rights.Consolidated Report & Accounts 2022 Report on Corporate Governance 2022 4 4 4. Significant agreements in which the Company is a party and that shall come into force  be modified or terminated upon a change in the Company's control  as a result of a public offer of acquisition  as well as their effects  unless if  due to its nature  their disclosure is prejudicial to the Company  except if the Company is obliged to disclose such information under other legal imperatives (article 29-H  paragraph 1  subparagraph j)). There are no significant agreements in which the Company is a party or that shall come into force  be modified or terminated in case of change in the Company's control  nor were adopted measures requiring payment or assumption of costs by the Company  in the event of change of control or change in the composition of the Board. 5. System of renewal or revoking of defensive measures  especially those that stipulate the limitations of the number of votes susceptible of being held  or exercised  by a single shareholder individually or in coordination with other shareholders. No defensive measures were adopted and there are no statutory limitations on the number of votes that may be exercised by a single shareholder. 6. Shareholder agreements that may be known to the company and lead to restrictions in the transmission of securities or voting rights (article 29-H  paragraph 1  subparagraph g)). The Company has no knowledge of any shareholder agreements that may result in restrictions in the transmission of securities or voting rights.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.27,0.73,True,English,"['Mota Engil SGPS S A', '2022 Corporate Governance Report', 'CORPORATE GOVERNANCE SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE Capital structure Holdings', 'Statutory auditor External Auditor C.', 'A. SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE Capital structure', 'China Communications Construction Group', 'Remuneration Committee Remuneration structure', 'D. REMUNERATION Competence', 'Supervision Supervision IV', 'Investor support Website', 'RELATED PARTIES Mechanisms', 'CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Identification', 'corporate governance code', 'General Meeting Management', 'other legal imperatives', 'business PART II', 'INTERNAL ORGANISATION Articles', 'Qualified holdings', 'SHAREHOLDER STRUCTURE', 'S.A.', 'remuneration Agreements', 'statutory limitations', 'risk management', 'sustainable future', 'GOVERNING BODIES', 'association Reporting', 'remunerative implications', 'stock options', 'different categories', 'nominal value', 'one euro', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'Sociedade de', 'alienation clauses', 'Significant agreements', 'public offer', 'single shareholder', 'Shareholder agreements', 'Securities Code', 'Internal control', 'Other shareholders', 'defensive measures', 'Shareholders No.', 'Other information', 'voting rights', 'Consolidated Report', 'control procedures', 'corresponding percentage', 'The Company', 'registered shares', '2022 Report', '2022 Actions', 'Accounts', '2 Table', 'Contents', 'B.', 'COMMITTEES', 'irregularities', 'Disclosure', 'Plans', 'awarding', 'TRANSACTIONS', 'Elements', 'Analysis', 'compliance', 'Introduction', 'References', 'document', 'CVM', 'version', 'effect', '31 December', 'number', 'distribution', 'listing', 'trading', 'duties', 'category', 'paragraph', 'MOTA-ENGIL', 'SGPS', '306,775,950 Euros', '306,775,950 ordinary', 'FM', 'Controlo', 'Restrictions', 'transferability', 'consent', 'ownership', 'party', 'force', 'change', 'result', 'acquisition', 'nature', 'case', 'payment', 'assumption', 'costs', 'event', 'composition', 'Board', 'System', 'renewal', 'revoking', 'votes', 'coordination', 'transmission', 'knowledge', '6,091,581', '5.']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23316,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AXA-4615/news/AXA-publishes-pro-forma-1Q22-activity-indicators-following-implementation-of-IFRS17-and-IFRS9-43537252/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,AXA : publishes pro forma 1Q22 activity indicators following implementation of IFRS17 and IFRS9,(marketscreener.com)   Paris  April 19  2023   AXA publishes pro forma 1Q22 activity indicators following implementation of IFRS17 and IFRS9   Ahead of the 1Q23 activity indicator publication on May 15  2023  AXA is publishing today its pro forma 1Q22…,"Ahead of the 1Q23 activity indicator publication on May 15  2023  AXA is publishing today its pro forma 1Q22 activity indicators following the implementation of the IFRS17 and IFRS9 accounting standards  which became effective on January 1  2023. The following activity indicators are the principal indicators affected by the change in accounting standards:Please note that the financial figures and information in this press release are being released solely for the comparative purposes describedin this press release and have not been audited or subject to any limited review by AXA's statutory auditors. As the Group'sformal implementation of IFRS 17/9 continues in 2023  this data may be subject to further refinement.Life & Savings and Health net flow figures have changed following the new definition of GWP  wherein commissions from assumed reinsurance businesses are netted.Annual Premium Equivalent (""APE"") is replaced by PVEP. This will also be the denominator for r eported NBV margin. PVEP includes Life & Savings andrevenues. The main differences from previously reported gross revenues relate to (i) the inclusion of pr emiums fr om pure investment contracts with no discretionary participating features  notably in Life & Savings and (ii) the netting of commissions from assumed reinsurance businesses. For asset management and banking activities  commercial activity continues to be measured on revenues.1 Commercial activity of insurance operations will be reported using gross written premiums (""GWP"") instead of grossABOUT THE AXA GROUP FOR MORE INFORMATION: The AXA Group is a worldwide leader in insurance and asset management  with 145 000 emplo yees s er vin g 93 Investor Relations: +33.1.40.75.48.42 million clients in 51 countries. In 2022  IFRS revenues amounted to Euro 102.3 billion and underlying ea rnin gs t o anu.venkataraman@axa.com Euro 7.3 billion.AXA had Euro 933 billion in assets under management  including assets managed on behalf of third remi.dousteyssier@axa.com parties  as of December 31  2022. mikael.malaganne@axa.com anna.alemaskina@axa.com The AXA ordinary share is listed on compartment A of Euronext Paris under the ticker symbol CS michael.safi@axa.com (ISN FR 0000120628 - Bloomberg: CS FP - Reuters: AXAF.PA).AXA's American Depository Share is also quoted on the abhishek.sharma@axa.com OTC QX platform under the ticker symbol AXAHY. pamela.vallon@axa.com The AXA Group is included in the main internationalSRI indexes  such as Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) and FTSE4GOOD. Individual Shareholder Relations: +33.1.40.75.48.43 It is a founding member of the UN Environment Programme's Finance Initiative (UNEP FI) Principles for Sustainable Insurance and a signatory of the UN Principles for Responsible Investment. Media Relations: +33.1.40.75.46.74 alexiana.cirier@axa.com AXA's press releases and the regulated information made public by AXA pursuant to article L. 451-1-2 of the Fren ch baptiste.denis@axa.com Monetaryand Financial Code and articles 222-1 et seq. of the Autorité des marchés financiers' General Regula tion are available on the AXA Group website (axa.com). Corporate Responsibility strategy: axa.com/en/about-us/strategy-commitmentsSRI ratings: axa.com/en/investor/sri-ratings-ethical-indexesIMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND THE USE OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURESCertain statements contained herein may be forward-looking statements including  but not limited to  statements that are predictions of or indicate future even ts   tren ds  plans  expectations or objectives. Undue reliance should not be placed on such statements because  by their nature  they are subject to kn o wn a n d u n kn o wn risks a n d uncertainties and can be affected by other factors that could cause AXA's actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward looking statements. Please refer to Part 5 - ""Risk Factors and Risk Management"" of AXA's Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022 (the ""2022 Univers a l Registration Document"") for a description of certain important factors risks and uncertainties that may affect AXA's business and/or results of operations. AXA undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements  whether to reflect new information  future events or circumstances or otherwise  except as required by applicable laws and regulations.In addition  this press release refers to certain non-GAAP financial measures  or alternative performance measures (""APMs"")  used by Management in analyzing AXA's operating trends  financial performance and financial position and providing investors with additional information that Management believes to be useful and relevant regarding AXA's results. These non-GAAP financial measures generally have no standardized meaning and therefore may not be comparable to similarly labelled measures used by other companies. As a result  none of these non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in isolation from  or as a substitute for  the Group's consolidated financialstatements and related notes prepared in accordance with IFRS. Underlying earnings is an APM as defined in ESMA's guidelines and the AMF's related position statement issued in 2015. A reconciliation from the APM underlying earnings to the most directly reconcilable line item  subtotal or total in the financial statements of the corresponding period is provided on pages 46 and 47 of AXA's 2022 Universal Registration Document. The treatment of certain non-GAAP financial measures in this press release for thesepurposes may change over time in connection with the development of IFRS 17/9 reporting practices.Page 3",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.24,0.76,True,English,"['1Q22 activity indicators', 'pro forma', 'AXA', 'implementation', 'IFRS17', 'IFRS9', 'pro forma 1Q22 activity indicators', 'Dow Jones Sustainability Index', '1Q23 activity indicator publication', 'Health net flow figures', 'ticker symbol CS michael', 'The AXA ordinary share', 'following activity indicators', 'American Depository Share', 'Annual Premium Equivalent', 'discretionary participating features', 'OTC QX platform', 'General Regula tion', 'Corporate Responsibility strategy', 'Universal Registration Document', 'pure investment contracts', 'main internationalSRI indexes', 'UN Environment Programme', 'UNEP FI) Principles', 'Individual Shareholder Relations', 'NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES', 'alternative performance measures', 'IFRS9 accounting standards', 'gross written premiums', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'AXA Group website', 'The AXA Group', 'forward looking statements', 'financial figures', 'principal indicators', 'commercial activity', 'CS FP', 'UN Principles', 'financial performance', 'main differences', 'Responsible Investment', 'article L.', 'Financial Code', 'important factors', 'financial position', 'Media Relations', 'press release', 'comparative purposes', 'limited review', 'statutory auditors', 'new definition', 'reinsurance businesses', 'NBV margin', 'pr emiums', 'banking activities', 'MORE INFORMATION', 'worldwide leader', '145,000 emplo yees', '42 million clients', 'rnin gs', 'third remi', 'compartment A', 'Euronext Paris', 'founding member', 'Finance Initiative', 'regulated information', 'Fren ch', 'tren ds', 'Undue reliance', 'other factors', 'Risk Factors', 'new information', 'applicable laws', 'operating trends', 'additional information', 'standardized meaning', 'other companies', '93 Investor Relations', 'CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Sustainable Insurance', 'gross revenues', 'asset management', 'SRI ratings', 'Risk Management', 'future events', 'actual results', 'insurance operations', 'IFRS revenues', 'May', 'implementation', 'IFRS17', 'January', 'change', 'data', 'refinement', 'Life', 'Savings', 'GWP', 'commissions', 'APE', 'PVEP', 'denominator', 'inclusion', 'netting', '51 countries', 'underlying', 'venkataraman', 'assets', 'behalf', 'dousteyssier', 'December', 'malaganne', 'alemaskina', 'ISN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'AXAF', 'abhishek', 'sharma', 'AXAHY', 'pamela', 'vallon', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4GOOD', 'signatory', 'cirier', 'Monetaryand', 'articles', 'strategy-commitments', 'ethical-indexes', 'USE', 'predictions', 'plans', 'expectations', 'objectives', 'nature', 'kn', 'wn', 'uncertainties', 'year', '2022 Univers', 'description', 'risks', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'regulations', 'APMs', 'investors', 'none', 'isolation']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23317,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASML-HOLDING-N-V-12002973/news/ASML-reports-6-7-billion-net-sales-and-2-0-billion-net-income-in-Q1-2023-43536835/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,ASML reports 6.7 billion net sales and 2.0 billion net income in Q1 2023,(marketscreener.com) ASML reports €6.7 billion net sales and €2.0 billion net income in Q1 2023Sales growth expectations for 2023 unchanged VELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  April 19  2023 – today ASML Holding NV has published its 2023 first-quarter results. Q1 net…,"ASML reports €6.7 billion net sales and €2.0 billion net income in Q1 2023Sales growth expectations for 2023 unchangedVELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  April 19  2023 – today ASML Holding NV (ASML) has published its 2023 first-quarter results.Q1 net sales of €6.7 billion  gross margin of 50.6%  net income of €2.0 billionQuarterly net bookings in Q1 of €3.8 billion 2 of which €1.6 billion is EUVof which €1.6 billion is EUV ASML expects Q2 2023 net sales between €6.5 billion and €7.0 billion and a gross margin between 50% and 51%ASML expects 2023 net sales to grow over 25% compared to 2022(Figures in millions of euros unless otherwise indicated) Q4 2022 Q1 2023 Net sales 6 430 6 746 ...of which Installed Base Management sales 1 1 682 1 404 New lithography systems sold (units) 95 96 Used lithography systems sold (units) 11 4 Net bookings 2 6 316 3 752 Gross profit 3 311 3 413 Gross margin (%) 51.5 50.6 Net income 1 817 1 956 EPS (basic; in euros) 4.60 4.96 End-quarter cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments 7 376 6 653(1) Installed Base Management sales equals our net service and field option sales(2) Net bookings include all system sales orders and inflation related adjustments  for which written authorizations have been accepted.Numbers have been rounded for readers' convenience. A complete summary of US GAAP Consolidated Statements of Operations is published on www.asml.comCEO statement and outlook""Our first-quarter net sales came in at €6.7 billion with a gross margin of 50.6% – both above our guidance due to higher than expected EUV and DUV revenue from faster installation and earlier acceptance of systems in the quarter.""We continue to see mixed signals on demand from the different end-market segments as the industry works to bring inventory to more healthy levels. Some major customers are making further adjustments to demand timing while we also see other customers absorbing this demand change  particularly in DUV at more mature nodes. The overall demand still exceeds our capacity for this year and we currently have a backlog of over €38.9 billion. Our focus continues to be on maximizing system output.""We expect second-quarter net sales between €6.5 billion and €7.0 billion with a gross margin between 50% and 51%. ASML expects R&D costs of around €990 million and SG&A costs of around €275 million For 2023  ASML expects continued strong growth with a net sales increase of over 25% and a slight improvement in gross margin  relative to 2022 "" said ASML President and Chief Executive Officer Peter Wennink.Update share buyback program and dividend proposalIn the first quarter we purchased around €400 million worth of shares under the current 2022-2025 program.ASML intends to declare a total dividend for the year 2022 of €5.80 per ordinary share  which is a 5.5% increase compared to 2021. Recognizing the three interim dividends of €1.37 per ordinary share each paid in 2022 and 2023  this leads to a final dividend proposal to the Annual General Meeting of €1.69 per ordinary share.Details of the share buyback program as well as transactions pursuant thereto  and details of the dividend proposal are published on ASML's website (www.asml.com/investors).Media Relations contacts Investor Relations contacts Monique Mols +31 6 5284 4418 Skip Miller +1 480 235 0934 Sarah de Crescenzo +1 925 899 8985 Marcel Kemp +31 40 268 6494 Karen Lo +886 939788635 Peter Cheang +886 3 659 6771Quarterly video interview and investor callWith this press release  ASML has published a video interview in which CFO Roger Dassen discusses the 2023 first-quarter results and outlook for 2023. This video and the transcript can be viewed on www.asml.com.An investor call for both investors and the media will be hosted by CEO Peter Wennink and CFO Roger Dassen on April 19  2023 at 15:00 Central European Time / 09:00 US Eastern Time. Details can be found on our website.About ASMLASML is a leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. The company provides chipmakers with hardware  software and services to mass produce the patterns of integrated circuits (microchips). Together with its partners  ASML drives the advancement of more affordable  more powerful  more energy-efficient microchips. ASML enables groundbreaking technology to solve some of humanity's toughest challenges  such as in healthcare  energy use and conservation  mobility and agriculture. ASML is a multinational company headquartered in Veldhoven  the Netherlands  with offices across Europe  the US and Asia. Every day  ASML’s more than 40 500 employees (FTE) challenge the status quo and push technology to new limits. ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. Discover ASML – our products  technology and career opportunities – at www.asml.com.US GAAP Financial ReportingASML's primary accounting standard for quarterly earnings releases and annual reports is US GAAP  the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Quarterly US GAAP consolidated statements of operations  consolidated statements of cash flows and consolidated balance sheets are available on www.asml.com.The consolidated balance sheets of ASML Holding N.V. as of April 2  2023  the related consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of cash flows for the quarter and three months ended April 2  2023 as presented in this press release are unaudited.Regulated informationThis press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Forward Looking StatementsThis document and related discussions contain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including statements with respect to plans  strategies  expected trends  including trends in semiconductor end markets and technology industry and business environment trends  statements with respect to demand and capacity  plans to increase capacity and capacity goals  outlook  backlog  bookings and orders  expected financial results  including expected growth in sales and gross margin for 2023 and expected net sales  gross margin  R&D costs  SG&A costs for Q2 2023 and estimated annualized effective tax rate for Q2 and full year 2023  expected system shipments in 2023  statements made at our 2022 Investor Day including revenue and gross margin opportunity for 2025 and 2030  statements with respect to fast shipments including estimates of amounts of deferred revenue not yet recognized and expected timing of recognition of such deferred revenue for fast shipments  expected customer demand trends  statements with respect to export control policy and regulations and expected impact on us  statements with respect to capital allocation policy including plans to return significant amounts of cash thought growing dividends and buybacks and statements with respect to the final 2022 dividend and statements with respect to share buyback programs  aim to improve performance on ESG sustainability and upgrade ESG sustainability strategy and other non-historical statements. You can generally identify these statements by the use of words like ""may""  ""will""  ""could""  ""should""  ""project""  ""believe""  ""anticipate""  ""expect""  ""plan""  ""estimate""  ""forecast""  ""potential""  ""intend""  ""continue""  ""target""  ""future""  ""progress""  ""goal"" and variations of these words or comparable words. These statements are not historical facts  but rather are based on current expectations  estimates  assumptions and projections about our business and our future financial results and readers should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and involve a number of substantial known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  economic conditions  product demand and semiconductor equipment industry capacity  worldwide demand and manufacturing capacity utilization for semiconductors  trends in the semi-conductor industry  the impact of general economic conditions including the impact of the current macroeconomic uncertainty in the market and in consumer confidence  inflation  interest rates  geopolitical developments  the risk of a recession  demand for our customers' products  performance of our systems  the impact of COVID-19 and other pandemics and measures taken to contain them  the impact of the Russian military actions in the Ukraine and measures taken in response on the global economy and global financial markets and other factors that may impact ASML's financial results  including semiconductor inventory levels  customer demand including changes in demand for semiconductors and lithography tools  ASML's ability to obtain parts and components for its products and otherwise meet demand  the success of technology advances and the pace of new product development and customer acceptance of and demand for new products  production capacity and our ability to meet demand  the impact of inflation  the number and timing of systems ordered  shipped and recognized in revenue  and the risk of order cancellation or push outs  supply chain capacity and constraints and logistics and constraints on our ability to produce systems to meet demand  the timing of recognition of deferred revenue from fast shipments and impact on our results  our ability to enforce patents and protect intellectual property rights and the outcome of intellectual property disputes and litigation  availability of raw materials  critical manufacturing equipment and qualified employees  trade environment  import/export and national security regulations and orders and their impact on us including the expected impact of recent and expected changes in export regulations  changes in exchange and tax rates  available liquidity and liquidity requirements  our ability to refinance our indebtedness  available cash and distributable reserves for  and other factors impacting  dividend payments and share repurchases  results of the share repurchase programs  our ability to meet ESG goals and improve performance on ESG Sustainability and upgrade ESG strategy and other risks indicated in the risk factors included in ASML's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 and other filings with and submissions to the US Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this document. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report or to conform such statements to actual results or revised expectations  except as required by law.Attachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.57,0.43,0.01,True,English,"['6.7 billion net sales', '2.0 billion net income', 'ASML', 'Q1', 'Chief Executive Officer Peter Wennink', 'Quarterly US GAAP consolidated statements', 'US GAAP Financial Reporting', 'powerful, more energy-efficient microchips', 'Update share buyback program', 'CEO Peter Wennink', 'quarterly earnings releases', 'current 2022-2025 program', '09:00 US Eastern Time', 'different end-market segments', 'R&D costs', 'SG&A costs', 'three interim dividends', 'Sarah de Crescenzo', 'CFO Roger Dassen', '15:00 Central European Time', 'Base Management sales', 'field option sales', 'Annual General Meeting', 'primary accounting standard', '€6.7 billion net sales', 'Q2 2023 net sales', 'second-quarter net sales', 'Quarterly net bookings', 'Sales growth expectations', 'system sales orders', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'inflation related adjustments', 'Media Relations contacts', 'Quarterly video interview', '€2.0 billion net income', 'first-quarter net sales', 'net sales increase', 'final dividend proposal', 'ASML Holding NV', 'Q1 net sales', '04 New lithography systems', 'Peter Cheang', 'ordinary share', 'net service', 'CEO statement', 'system output', 'strong growth', 'new limits', 'annual reports', 'accounting principles', '2023 first-quarter results', 'total dividend', 'investor call', 'gross margin', 'Gross profit', 'End-quarter cash', 'cash equivalents', 'short-term investments', 'written authorizations', ""readers' convenience"", 'complete summary', 'faster installation', 'earlier acceptance', 'mixed signals', 'healthy levels', 'major customers', 'other customers', 'mature nodes', 'slight improvement', '€400 million worth', 'Monique Mols', 'Skip Miller', 'Marcel Kemp', 'Karen Lo', 'press release', 'leading supplier', 'integrated circuits', 'toughest challenges', 'energy use', 'status quo', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'career opportunities', 'United States', 'demand timing', 'demand change', 'overall demand', 'DUV revenue', 'first quarter', 'semiconductor industry', 'multinational company', 'groundbreaking technology', 'ASML President', 'EUV ASML', '5.5% increase', 'VELDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'Figures', 'millions', 'euros', 'units', 'Numbers', 'Operations', 'guidance', 'inventory', 'capacity', 'year', 'backlog', 'focus', 'shares', 'Details', 'transactions', 'website', 'investors', 'transcript', 'chipmakers', 'hardware', 'software', 'services', 'patterns', 'partners', 'advancement', 'humanity', 'healthcare', 'conservation', 'mobility', 'agriculture', 'offices', 'Asia', '40,500 employees', 'FTE', 'NASDAQ', 'symbol', 'products', 'America']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23318,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2649671/0/en/ASML-reports-6-7-billion-net-sales-and-2-0-billion-net-income-in-Q1-2023.html,ASML reports €6.7 billion net sales and €2.0 billion net income in Q1 2023,ASML reports €6.7 billion net sales and €2.0 billion net income in Q1 2023Sales growth expectations for 2023 unchanged                   VELDHOVEN  the......,"ASML reports €6.7 billion net sales and €2.0 billion net income in Q1 2023Sales growth expectations for 2023 unchangedVELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  April 19  2023 – today ASML Holding NV (ASML) has published its 2023 first-quarter results.Q1 net sales of €6.7 billion  gross margin of 50.6%  net income of €2.0 billionQuarterly net bookings in Q1 of €3.8 billion 2 of which €1.6 billion is EUVof which €1.6 billion is EUV ASML expects Q2 2023 net sales between €6.5 billion and €7.0 billion and a gross margin between 50% and 51%ASML expects 2023 net sales to grow over 25% compared to 2022(Figures in millions of euros unless otherwise indicated) Q4 2022 Q1 2023 Net sales 6 430 6 746 ...of which Installed Base Management sales 1 1 682 1 404 New lithography systems sold (units) 95 96 Used lithography systems sold (units) 11 4 Net bookings 2 6 316 3 752 Gross profit 3 311 3 413 Gross margin (%) 51.5 50.6 Net income 1 817 1 956 EPS (basic; in euros) 4.60 4.96 End-quarter cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments 7 376 6 653(1) Installed Base Management sales equals our net service and field option sales(2) Net bookings include all system sales orders and inflation related adjustments  for which written authorizations have been accepted.Numbers have been rounded for readers' convenience. A complete summary of US GAAP Consolidated Statements of Operations is published on www.asml.comCEO statement and outlook""Our first-quarter net sales came in at €6.7 billion with a gross margin of 50.6% – both above our guidance due to higher than expected EUV and DUV revenue from faster installation and earlier acceptance of systems in the quarter.""We continue to see mixed signals on demand from the different end-market segments as the industry works to bring inventory to more healthy levels. Some major customers are making further adjustments to demand timing while we also see other customers absorbing this demand change  particularly in DUV at more mature nodes. The overall demand still exceeds our capacity for this year and we currently have a backlog of over €38.9 billion. Our focus continues to be on maximizing system output.""We expect second-quarter net sales between €6.5 billion and €7.0 billion with a gross margin between 50% and 51%. ASML expects R&D costs of around €990 million and SG&A costs of around €275 million For 2023  ASML expects continued strong growth with a net sales increase of over 25% and a slight improvement in gross margin  relative to 2022 "" said ASML President and Chief Executive Officer Peter Wennink.Update share buyback program and dividend proposalIn the first quarter we purchased around €400 million worth of shares under the current 2022-2025 program.ASML intends to declare a total dividend for the year 2022 of €5.80 per ordinary share  which is a 5.5% increase compared to 2021. Recognizing the three interim dividends of €1.37 per ordinary share each paid in 2022 and 2023  this leads to a final dividend proposal to the Annual General Meeting of €1.69 per ordinary share.Details of the share buyback program as well as transactions pursuant thereto  and details of the dividend proposal are published on ASML's website (www.asml.com/investors).Media Relations contacts Investor Relations contacts Monique Mols +31 6 5284 4418 Skip Miller +1 480 235 0934 Sarah de Crescenzo +1 925 899 8985 Marcel Kemp +31 40 268 6494 Karen Lo +886 939788635 Peter Cheang +886 3 659 6771Quarterly video interview and investor callWith this press release  ASML has published a video interview in which CFO Roger Dassen discusses the 2023 first-quarter results and outlook for 2023. This video and the transcript can be viewed on www.asml.com.An investor call for both investors and the media will be hosted by CEO Peter Wennink and CFO Roger Dassen on April 19  2023 at 15:00 Central European Time / 09:00 US Eastern Time. Details can be found on our website.About ASMLASML is a leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. The company provides chipmakers with hardware  software and services to mass produce the patterns of integrated circuits (microchips). Together with its partners  ASML drives the advancement of more affordable  more powerful  more energy-efficient microchips. ASML enables groundbreaking technology to solve some of humanity's toughest challenges  such as in healthcare  energy use and conservation  mobility and agriculture. ASML is a multinational company headquartered in Veldhoven  the Netherlands  with offices across Europe  the US and Asia. Every day  ASML’s more than 40 500 employees (FTE) challenge the status quo and push technology to new limits. ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. Discover ASML – our products  technology and career opportunities – at www.asml.com.US GAAP Financial ReportingASML's primary accounting standard for quarterly earnings releases and annual reports is US GAAP  the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Quarterly US GAAP consolidated statements of operations  consolidated statements of cash flows and consolidated balance sheets are available on www.asml.com.The consolidated balance sheets of ASML Holding N.V. as of April 2  2023  the related consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of cash flows for the quarter and three months ended April 2  2023 as presented in this press release are unaudited.Regulated informationThis press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Forward Looking StatementsThis document and related discussions contain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including statements with respect to plans  strategies  expected trends  including trends in semiconductor end markets and technology industry and business environment trends  statements with respect to demand and capacity  plans to increase capacity and capacity goals  outlook  backlog  bookings and orders  expected financial results  including expected growth in sales and gross margin for 2023 and expected net sales  gross margin  R&D costs  SG&A costs for Q2 2023 and estimated annualized effective tax rate for Q2 and full year 2023  expected system shipments in 2023  statements made at our 2022 Investor Day including revenue and gross margin opportunity for 2025 and 2030  statements with respect to fast shipments including estimates of amounts of deferred revenue not yet recognized and expected timing of recognition of such deferred revenue for fast shipments  expected customer demand trends  statements with respect to export control policy and regulations and expected impact on us  statements with respect to capital allocation policy including plans to return significant amounts of cash thought growing dividends and buybacks and statements with respect to the final 2022 dividend and statements with respect to share buyback programs  aim to improve performance on ESG sustainability and upgrade ESG sustainability strategy and other non-historical statements. You can generally identify these statements by the use of words like ""may""  ""will""  ""could""  ""should""  ""project""  ""believe""  ""anticipate""  ""expect""  ""plan""  ""estimate""  ""forecast""  ""potential""  ""intend""  ""continue""  ""target""  ""future""  ""progress""  ""goal"" and variations of these words or comparable words. These statements are not historical facts  but rather are based on current expectations  estimates  assumptions and projections about our business and our future financial results and readers should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and involve a number of substantial known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  economic conditions  product demand and semiconductor equipment industry capacity  worldwide demand and manufacturing capacity utilization for semiconductors  trends in the semi-conductor industry  the impact of general economic conditions including the impact of the current macroeconomic uncertainty in the market and in consumer confidence  inflation  interest rates  geopolitical developments  the risk of a recession  demand for our customers' products  performance of our systems  the impact of COVID-19 and other pandemics and measures taken to contain them  the impact of the Russian military actions in the Ukraine and measures taken in response on the global economy and global financial markets and other factors that may impact ASML's financial results  including semiconductor inventory levels  customer demand including changes in demand for semiconductors and lithography tools  ASML's ability to obtain parts and components for its products and otherwise meet demand  the success of technology advances and the pace of new product development and customer acceptance of and demand for new products  production capacity and our ability to meet demand  the impact of inflation  the number and timing of systems ordered  shipped and recognized in revenue  and the risk of order cancellation or push outs  supply chain capacity and constraints and logistics and constraints on our ability to produce systems to meet demand  the timing of recognition of deferred revenue from fast shipments and impact on our results  our ability to enforce patents and protect intellectual property rights and the outcome of intellectual property disputes and litigation  availability of raw materials  critical manufacturing equipment and qualified employees  trade environment  import/export and national security regulations and orders and their impact on us including the expected impact of recent and expected changes in export regulations  changes in exchange and tax rates  available liquidity and liquidity requirements  our ability to refinance our indebtedness  available cash and distributable reserves for  and other factors impacting  dividend payments and share repurchases  results of the share repurchase programs  our ability to meet ESG goals and improve performance on ESG Sustainability and upgrade ESG strategy and other risks indicated in the risk factors included in ASML's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 and other filings with and submissions to the US Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this document. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report or to conform such statements to actual results or revised expectations  except as required by law.Attachments",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.57,0.43,0.01,True,English,"['€6.7 billion net sales', '€2.0 billion net income', 'ASML', 'Q1', 'Chief Executive Officer Peter Wennink', 'Quarterly US GAAP consolidated statements', 'US GAAP Financial Reporting', 'powerful, more energy-efficient microchips', 'Update share buyback program', 'CEO Peter Wennink', 'quarterly earnings releases', 'current 2022-2025 program', '09:00 US Eastern Time', 'different end-market segments', 'R&D costs', 'SG&A costs', 'three interim dividends', 'Sarah de Crescenzo', 'CFO Roger Dassen', '15:00 Central European Time', 'Base Management sales', 'field option sales', 'Annual General Meeting', 'primary accounting standard', '€6.7 billion net sales', 'Q2 2023 net sales', 'second-quarter net sales', 'Quarterly net bookings', 'Sales growth expectations', 'system sales orders', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'inflation related adjustments', 'Media Relations contacts', 'Quarterly video interview', '€2.0 billion net income', 'first-quarter net sales', 'net sales increase', 'final dividend proposal', 'ASML Holding NV', 'Q1 net sales', '04 New lithography systems', 'Peter Cheang', 'ordinary share', 'net service', 'CEO statement', 'system output', 'strong growth', 'new limits', 'annual reports', 'accounting principles', '2023 first-quarter results', 'total dividend', 'investor call', 'gross margin', 'Gross profit', 'End-quarter cash', 'cash equivalents', 'short-term investments', 'written authorizations', ""readers' convenience"", 'complete summary', 'faster installation', 'earlier acceptance', 'mixed signals', 'healthy levels', 'major customers', 'other customers', 'mature nodes', 'slight improvement', '€400 million worth', 'Monique Mols', 'Skip Miller', 'Marcel Kemp', 'Karen Lo', 'press release', 'leading supplier', 'integrated circuits', 'toughest challenges', 'energy use', 'status quo', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'career opportunities', 'United States', 'demand timing', 'demand change', 'overall demand', 'DUV revenue', 'first quarter', 'semiconductor industry', 'multinational company', 'groundbreaking technology', 'ASML President', 'EUV ASML', '5.5% increase', 'VELDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'Figures', 'millions', 'euros', 'units', 'Numbers', 'Operations', 'guidance', 'inventory', 'capacity', 'year', 'backlog', 'focus', 'shares', 'Details', 'transactions', 'website', 'investors', 'transcript', 'chipmakers', 'hardware', 'software', 'services', 'patterns', 'partners', 'advancement', 'humanity', 'healthcare', 'conservation', 'mobility', 'agriculture', 'offices', 'Asia', '40,500 employees', 'FTE', 'NASDAQ', 'symbol', 'products', 'America']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23319,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-first-quarter-2023-results-301801417.html,Notice of First Quarter 2023 Results,"LEIDEN  Netherlands  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) confirms it will announce first quarter 2023 financial results for the month ended March 31  2023 on Thursday  May 11  2023. Pharmi…","LEIDEN  Netherlands  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) confirms it will announce first quarter 2023 financial results for the month ended March 31  2023 on Thursday  May 11  2023.Pharming will host a presentation for analysts and investors at 13:30 CET/08:30 ET on May 11  2023.Dial in details for the presentation are detailed below.Webcast Link:https://webcast.openbriefing.com/pharming1q23/Conference Call Dial-in Details:Netherlands: +31 85 888 7233United Kingdom (Local): +44 20 3936 2999United Kingdom (Toll-Free): +44 808 189 0158United States (Local): +1 646 664 1960United States (Toll-Free): +1 855 979 6654Global Dial-In NumbersAccess Code: 598957About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: [email protected]FTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27 E: [email protected]Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2003587/Pharming_Group_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['First Quarter 2023 Results', 'Notice', 'Global Dial-In Numbers Access Code', 'SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.', 'first quarter 2023 financial results', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Corporate Communications T', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'Leon Melens T', 'protein replacement therapies', 'VP Investor Relations', 'gene therapies', 'Webcast Link', 'Conference Call', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Michael Levitan', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'Amy Byrne', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'public information', 'The Netherlands', 'LEIDEN', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Nasdaq', 'month', 'March', 'Thursday', 'May', 'presentation', 'analysts', 'investors', '13:30 CET', 'details', 'Local', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'London', 'UK', 'Logo']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,prnewswire.com
23320,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/19/2649669/0/en/Vivoryon-Therapeutics-N-V-Reports-Full-Year-2022-Financial-Results-and-Highlights-Operational-Progress.html,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. Reports Full Year 2022 Financial Results and Highlights Operational Progress,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. Reports Full Year 2022 Financial Results and Highlights Operational Progress    Significantly advanced varoglutamstat EU and......,Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. Reports Full Year 2022 Financial Results and Highlights Operational ProgressSignificantly advanced varoglutamstat EU and U.S. clinical studies  VIVIAD and VIVA-MIND  providing promising initial safety dataBoth VIVIAD and VIVA-MIND studies on track; final data from VIVIAD expected in 1Q2024 and clinical update on VIVA-MIND expected in 2H2023Bolstered financial position with two successful private placements to support ongoing clinical development totaling EUR 36 million with option for up to additional EUR 15 millionManagement to host conference call today at 3:00 pm CEST (9:00 am EDT)Halle (Saale) / Munich  Germany  April 19  2023 – Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: VVY; NL00150002Q7) (Vivoryon)  a clinical stage company focused on the discovery and development of small molecule medicines to modulate the activity and stability of pathologically altered proteins  today announced financial results for the twelve-month period ended December 31  2022  and provided an update on its corporate progress. The report is available on the Company's website https://www.vivoryon.com/investors-news/financial-information/“We continue to solidify our position as leaders in developing novel treatments for Alzheimer’s disease by following differentiating science to thoughtfully inform the design of our clinical trials. Our progress in 2022 underlines our dedication as we continued to advance both VIVIAD and VIVA-MIND  while optimizing their design based on meaningful findings both from varoglutamstat and the broader AD treatment landscape ” said Dr. Ulrich Dauer  CEO of Vivoryon. “In parallel  we’ve strengthened our financial position with two successful private placements  welcoming in new investors while also receiving continued support from existing investors. Our extended cash runway enables Vivoryon to continue executing against our pipeline goals and we are incredibly pleased with the progress we’ve already made in 2023. We are driven by our passion for developing small molecule-based medicines with a focus on alleviating disease burden in more ways than just addressing symptoms  such as ease of administration. We look forward to upcoming inflection points later this year for our VIVA-MIND trial in the U.S. and early next year for the final data from our VIVIAD study.”2022 and Post-Period Portfolio HighlightsVaroglutamstat Clinical Program:VIVIADVIVIAD (NCT04498650) is a state-of-the-art Phase 2b study being conducted in Europe and designed to evaluate the safety  tolerability  and efficacy of varoglutamstat in 250 subjects with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and mild Alzheimer’s disease (AD).In June 2022  Vivoryon announced that it had completed the parallel group  dose-finding part of its VIVIAD study and that the independent Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) selected the highest dose investigated  600 mg twice daily (BID)  as the final dose to be administered in the second part of the study.At the Alzheimer’s Association International Conference (AAIC) in San Diego (July 31 to August 4  2022)  Vivoryon presented detailed safety data from the VIVIAD study showing that varoglutamstat was well-tolerated at 600 mg BID.In November 2022  Vivoryon announced enrollment was completed and the study was adapted to enable longer average treatment duration of participants (anticipated average treatment duration ~82 weeks).In March 2023  Vivoryon announced an update on the clinical development of varoglutamstat  including the VIVIAD trial  at the International Conference on Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s Diseases and related neurological disorders (AD/PD) in Gothenburg  Sweden. As of the data cut-off date of January 5  2023  over 100 of the 259 participants randomized into the VIVIAD study had been treated for at least 48 weeks. Varoglutamstat showed no on-target toxicity and no clinical signs of brain swelling or hemorrhages (ARIA)  which are a limiting class side effect of Abeta antibodies and has been well-tolerated in the study to date  with a low number of adverse events (AEs)  serious adverse events (SAEs)  and treatment emergent adverse events (TEAEs) observed. Both the total number of SAEs and the discontinuation rate were considerably lower than the respective numbers at the 800 mg BID varoglutamstat dose in Vivoryon’s completed Phase 2a SAPHIR study  while retaining a similar level of target inhibition (around 90%) at the dosing in both studies.Vivoryon remains on track to report the final data readout from the VIVIAD study in the first quarter of 2024.VIVA-MINDVIVA-MIND (NCT03919162) is a complementary Phase 2 study for varoglutamstat conducted in the U.S. which seeks to enroll 180 patients with early AD into the Phase 2a adaptive dose finding portion and enroll a further 234 patients in the Phase 2b portion of the study.In November 2022  Vivoryon announced the study design had been adapted to enable all 180 patients to be treated for at least 72 weeks  allowing for the opportunity to progress seamlessly to a potential Phase 3 study  possibly including further patients beyond the currently planned 414.In March 2023  Vivoryon provided an update on the VIVA-MIND study  which is ongoing and continuing to recruit patients at 18 sites across the U.S. The study’s independent DSMB recently provided a unanimous recommendation to continue the study without modification. The Company anticipates a decision on final trial size following the data readout of the VIVIAD study.Vivoryon expects the first cohort to be fully randomized into the study within the second quarter of this year and plans to provide the next update on the VIVA-MIND study in the second half of 2023.Preclinical Programs:At the AAIC (July 31 to August 4  2022)  Vivoryon presented preclinical data on the Company’s N3pE amyloid-targeting molecules. The results underscore the unique potential of Vivoryon’s N3pE amyloid-targeting therapeutic strategy in both mono- and combination therapy settings in AD. The data showed that a combination treatment of aducanumab and varoglutamstat achieves additive effect on Abeta pathology  indicating feasibility of dose reduction to improve safety of Abeta antibody-based AD treatments. This demonstrates the potential benefit of a combination therapy designed to simultaneously make use of two different and independent molecular N3pE-related mode of actions  small molecule based QPCT/L inhibition and anti-N3pE-immunotherapy. Additional data from murine analog of PBD-C06 highlight the differentiated safety profile vs. other anti-Abeta antibodies at N3pE amyloid-lowering concentrations.In October 2022  Nature Communications issued a joint publication of Vivoryon and Fraunhofer IZI and Monash University  Melbourne  Australia  titled  “Helical ultrastructure of the metalloprotease meprin α in complex with a small molecule inhibitor.” The article outlined the protein’s involvement in tissue homeostasis by influencing inflammation  immunity and extracellular matrix remodeling. Dysregulation of this protein family leads to many severe diseases  many of which are addressed by Vivoryon’s pipeline  including acute kidney injury  inflammatory disease  in addition to some cancers. Deepening Vivoryon’s understanding of meprin α’s structure will strongly support the Company’s research and development program for selective and highly potent small molecule meprin inhibitors.Corporate Development HighlightsIn February 2022  Vivoryon and its partner  Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Ltd (“Simcere”)  announced that China's Center for Drug Evaluation (CDE) of National Medical Products Administration (NMPA) approved the Clinical Trial Application (CTA) for varoglutamstat for the development in Greater China by Simcere. Simcere is fully responsible for the further development and marketing within Greater China region.In April 2022  Vivoryon announced that it had successfully completed a private placement by way of accelerated book building  raising gross proceeds ofEUR 21 million. The Company placed 2 000 000 registered shares at an offering price of EUR 10.50 per share. The new shares were admitted to trading on Euronext Amsterdam on April 5  2022.EUR 21 million. The Company placed 2 000 000 registered shares at an offering price of EUR 10.50 per share. The new shares were admitted to trading on Euronext Amsterdam on April 5  2022. In June 2022  the Company expanded and diversified its Non-Executive Board with the appointments of Claudia Riedl  PhD and Samir Shah  MD.In September 2022  the Company entered into a private placement of2 054 796 registered shares at an offering price of EUR 7.30 per share  resulting in gross proceeds of EUR 15 million. In addition  the investors have the option to purchase further shares which  if exercised in full  could raise up to an additional EUR 15 million. The private placement was supported by Vivoryon’s longstanding investor Claus Christiansen and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (“KKR”) Dawn Aggregator L.P. (“Dawn Biopharma”)  a platform controlled by affiliates of KKR  a leading global investment firm  as new investor to the Company. The private placement was closed in the fourth quarter of 2022 and the funds will support the ongoing clinical development of Vivoryon’s lead candidate varoglutamstat.Financial Results for the Full Year 2022No revenues were generated in 2022. The Company generated license revenues of EUR 10.8 million in 2021 from a regional licensing partnership with Simcere for Greater China (Mainland China  Hong Kong  Macao and Taiwan).Research and development expenses increased by EUR 2.8 million to EUR 20.2 million in the year ended December 31  2022  compared to EUR 17.5 million in the year ended December 31  2021. Third-party research and development services increased by EUR 2.5 million mainly because of EUR 1.5 million higher manufacturing costs following the Company’s risk mitigation strategy in establishing a second source for study drug supply and higher clinical costs of EUR 1.0 million mainly due to the progress of the Phase 2b clinical trial VIVIAD. Other expenses increased by EUR 0.1 million as a result of higher traveling costs.General and administrative expenses were EUR 8.9 million in 2022  compared to EUR 4.5 million in 2021. The increase of EUR 4.4 million was largely attributable to EUR 2.6 million in expensed capital raising costs  including legal and consulting fees associated with strategic and operational efforts. An additional EUR 1.7 million in costs was due to higher expenses for share based payments.Net loss for the twelve months ended December 31  2022  was EUR 28.2 million  compared to EUR 12.7 million for the twelve months ended December 31  2021. The Company held EUR 26.6 million in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31  2022  compared to EUR 14.7 million as of December 31  2021.Financial GuidanceFollowing the capital raise settled in October 2022  according to current planning and estimates  Vivoryon expects that its existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund its research and development expenses as well as the general and administrative expenses and cash flows from investing and financing activities at least through end of December 2023. This guidance does not include exercise of share options issued in October 2022  potential milestone payments from development partnerships  potential payments from licensing agreements and/or additional financing measures  as far as such payments have not yet been recognized in revenues. The financial guidance takes into account all costs to ensure sustainable study drug supply with varoglutamstat for the VIVA-MIND U.S. study.Conference Call and WebcastVivoryon will host a conference call and webcast today  April 19  2023  at 3:00 pm CEST (9:00 am EDT). A Q&A session will follow the presentation of the full year results.A live webcast and slides will be made available at: www.vivoryon.com/investors-news/news-and-events/presentations-webcasts/To join the conference call via phone  participants may pre-register and will receive dedicated dial-in details to easily and quickly access the call via the following website: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI4258c63704394e8283359d44ef59a7eaIt is suggested participants dial into the conference call 15 minutes prior to the scheduled start time to avoid any delays in attendance.Approximately one day after the call  a slide-synchronized audio replay of the conference will be available on: www.vivoryon.com/investors-news/news-and-events/presentations-webcasts/Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. Financial StatementsStatement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31  2022 and 2021in kEUR  except for share data 2022 2021 Revenue — 10 764 Cost of Sales — (1 569) Gross profit — 9 196 Research and development expenses (20 224) (17 452) General and administrative expenses (8 908) (4 549) Other operating income 19 7 Operating loss (29 113) (12 798) Finance income 1 710 967 Finance expense (952) (392) Finance result 758 575 Result before income taxes (28 355) (12 223) Income taxes 199 (432) Net loss for the period (28 156) (12 655) Items not to be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss Remeasurement of the net defined benefit pension liability 392 83 Total other comprehensive income / (loss) 392 83 Comprehensive loss (27 764) (12 572) Loss per share in EUR (basic and diluted) (1.28) (0.63)The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Statements of Financial Position as of December 31  2022 and 2021in kEUR 2022 2021 ASSETS Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 49 66 Intangible assets 494 533 Right-of-use assets 127 219 Financial assets 14 3 473 Total non-current assets 684 4 291 Current assets Financial assets 3 716 3 074 Other current assets and prepayments 423 2 494 Cash and cash equivalents 26 555 14 661 Total current assets 30 694 20 229 TOTAL ASSETS 31 378 24 520 Equity Share capital 24 105 20 050 Share premium 113 382 83 211 Other capital reserves 9 656 6 168 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (180) (572) Accumulated deficit (120 457) (92 300) Total equity 26 506 16 557 Non-current liabilities Pension liability 1 323 1 823 Provisions long-term 12 12 Lease liabilities 38 132 Other liabilities — 513 Deferred tax liabilities 234 432 Total non-current liabilities 1 607 2 912 Current liabilities Provisions — 35 Trade payables 2 543 4 360 Lease liabilities 94 92 Other liabilities 628 564 Total current liabilities 3 265 5 051 Total liabilities 4 872 7 963 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 31 378 24 520Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity for the Years Ended December 31  2022 and 2021in kEUR Share capital Share premium Other capital reserves Accumulated other compre-hensive loss Accumulated deficit Total equity January 1  2021 19 975 82 143 4 404 (655) (79 646) 26 221 Net loss for the period — — — — (12 655) (12 655) Remeasurement of the net defined benefit pension liability — — — 83 — 83 Comprehensive income / (loss) — — — 83 (12 655) (12 572) Share-based payments — — 1 763 — — 1 763 Proceeds from exercise of share options 75 1 069 — — — 1 144 December 31  2021 20 050 83 211 6 168 (572) (92 300) 16 557 Net loss for the period — — — — (28 156) (28 156) Remeasurement of the net defined benefit pension liability — — — 392 — 392 Comprehensive income / (loss) — — — 392 (28 156) (27 764) Proceeds from the issuance of common shares 4 055 31 945 — — — 36 000 Transaction costs of equity transactions — (1 774) — — — (1 774) Share-based payments — — 3 488 — — 3 488 December 31  2022 24 105 113 382 9 656 (180) (120 457) 26 506Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31  2022 and 2021in kEUR 2022 2021 Operating activities Net loss for the period (28 156) (12 655) Adjustments for: Finance result (758) (575) Depreciation and amortization 161 165 Share based payments 3 488 1 763 Capitalized capital raising costs that were expensed 2 633 — Actuarial gains / (losses) from pension liabilities 392 83 Foreign currency gain (loss) from other items than cash 373 287 Deferred income tax (199) 432 Other non-cash adjustments 61 (192) Changing in Financial assets 2 817 (6 522) Other current assets and prepayments 191 1 852 Pension liabilities (500) (158) Provisions (35) — Trade payables (1 817) 3 449 Other liabilities (449) 800 Interest received 9 21 Interest paid (5) (7) Taxes paid — — Cash flows used in operating activities (21 794) (11 257) Investing activities Purchase of plant and equipment (11) (20) Purchase of intangible assets (2) (8) Cash flows used in investing activities (13) (28) Financing activities Proceeds from the issuance of common shares 36 000 — Transaction costs of equity transactions (1 774) — Capital raising costs (753) (1 881) Payment of lease liabilities (92) (90) Proceeds from exercise of share options — 1 144 Cash flows provided by /(used in) financing activities 33 381 (827) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 11 574 (12 112) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of period 14 661 26 306 Effect of exchange rate fluctuation on cash held 320 467 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period 26 555 14 661Annual Financial Report 2022The financial statements of Vivoryon have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) of the International Accounting Standards Board  as adopted by the European Union (EU-IFRS) and with Section 2:362(9) of the Netherlands Civil Code. The auditor KPMG has issued an unqualified auditor’s report for both statements. The reports are available on the Company’s website www.vivoryon.com.###About Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.Vivoryon is a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on developing innovative small molecule-based medicines. Driven by our passion for ground-breaking science and innovation  we strive to change the lives of patients in need suffering from severe diseases. We leverage our in-depth expertise in understanding post-translational modifications to develop medicines that modulate the activity and stability of proteins which are altered in disease settings. Beyond our lead program  varoglutamstat  which is in Phase 2 clinical development to treat Alzheimer’s disease  we have established a solid pipeline of orally available small molecule inhibitors for various indications including cancer  inflammatory diseases and fibrosis. www.vivoryon.comVivoryon Forward Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  those regarding the business strategy  management plans and objectives for future operations of the Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V. (the “Company”)  estimates and projections with respect to the market for the Company’s products and forecasts and statements as to when the Company’s products may be available. Words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “estimate ” “expect ” “forecast ” “intend ” “may ” “plan ” “project ” “predict ” “should” and “will” and similar expressions as they relate to the Company are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance; rather they are based on the Management’s current expectations and assumptions about future events and trends  the economy and other future conditions. The forward-looking statements involve a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties and other factors could materially adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements and from expectations. As a result  no undue reliance should be placed on such forward-looking statements. This press release does not contain risk factors. Certain risk factors that may affect the Company’s future financial results are discussed in the published annual financial statements of the Company. This press release  including any forward-looking statements  speaks only as of the date of this press release. The Company does not assume any obligation to update any information or forward-looking statements contained herein  save for any information required to be disclosed by law.For more information  please contact:Investor ContactStern IRJulie SeidelTel: +1 212-698-8684Email: SternIR-Vivoryon@sternir.comMedia ContactTrophic CommunicationsValeria FisherTel: +49 175 8041816Email: vivoryon@trophic.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.69,0.18,0.14,True,English,"['Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.', 'Full Year 2022 Financial Results', 'Operational Progress', 'Highlights', 'Phase 2a adaptive dose finding portion', 'independent Data Safety Monitoring Board', 'two successful private placements', 'limiting class side effect', 'promising initial safety data', 'Phase 2a SAPHIR study', 'longer average treatment duration', 'art Phase 2b study', 'Vivoryon Therapeutics N.V.', 'broader AD treatment landscape', 'Full Year 2022 Financial Results', 'Phase 2b portion', '800 mg BID varoglutamstat dose', 'U.S. clinical studies', 'detailed safety data', 'small molecule medicines', 'Dr. Ulrich Dauer', 'extended cash runway', 'small molecule-based medicines', 'related neurological disorders', 'complementary Phase 2 study', 'potential Phase 3 study', 'mild cognitive impairment', 'final data readout', 'serious adverse events', 'emergent adverse events', 'data cut-off date', 'Post-Period Portfolio Highlights', 'ongoing clinical development', 'clinical stage company', 'Varoglutamstat Clinical Program', 'final dose', 'highest dose', '600 mg BID', 'next year', 'clinical trials', 'clinical signs', 'early AD', 'financial position', 'conference call', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'twelve-month period', 'novel treatments', 'meaningful findings', 'new investors', 'continued support', 'existing investors', 'pipeline goals', 'upcoming inflection', 'dose-finding part', 'second part', 'International Conference', 'San Diego', 'target toxicity', 'brain swelling', 'Abeta antibodies', 'low number', 'total number', 'discontinuation rate', 'respective numbers', 'similar level', 'target inhibition', 'first quarter', 'clinical update', 'mild Alzheimer', 'varoglutamstat EU', 'VIVIAD study', 'VIVA-MIND studies', 'Operational Progress', 'corporate progress', 'parallel group', 'VIVIAD trial', 'study design', 'disease burden', 'VIVA-MIND trial', 'track', '1Q2024', '2H2023', 'option', 'Management', 'Halle', 'Saale', 'Munich', 'Germany', 'April', 'VVY', 'discovery', 'activity', 'stability', 'proteins', 'report', 'website', 'investors-news', 'financial-information', 'leaders', 'science', 'dedication', 'CEO', 'passion', 'focus', 'ways', 'symptoms', 'administration', 'state', 'Europe', 'tolerability', 'efficacy', '250 subjects', 'MCI', 'June', 'DSMB', 'AAIC', 'August', 'November', 'enrollment', 'participants', '82 weeks', 'March', 'Parkinson', 'Diseases', 'AD/PD', 'Gothenburg', 'Sweden', 'January', '48 weeks', 'hemorrhages', 'ARIA', 'AEs', 'dosing', '180 patients', '234 patients', '72 weeks', 'opportunity', '3:00']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,globenewswire.com
23321,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ABIVAX-22387984/news/Abivax-reports-2022-financial-results-and-operations-update-43545807/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Abivax reports 2022 financial results and operations update,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word: Annual ResultsAbivax reports 2022 financial results and operations update 19.04.2023 / 21:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Abivax repo…,EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word(s): Annual ResultsAbivax reports 2022 financial results and operations update19.04.2023 / 21:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Abivax reports 2022 financial results and operations updateObefazimod global pivotal phase 3 program (ABTECT program) in moderate to severe ulcerative colitis (UC) early enrollment progressing according to planAbivax reports promising Phase 2b maintenance results with 52.5% of UC patients in clinical remission after two years of continued oral daily treatment with 50mg obefazimod (ITT-Analysis)US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Medicine Agency (EMA) provided their agreement on the pediatric study plans for the development of obefazimod in UC inchildren aged 2 to 17Scientific articles published in the peer-reviewed journals “The Lancet Gastroenterology & Hepatology” and “Clinical and Translational Gastroenterology” highlighting obefazimod’s capacity to treat patients with moderate to severe UC and its novel mechanism of actionAppointment of Marc de Garidel as new Chief Executive Officer and Interim Board Chair  Sheldon Sloan  M.D.  M. Bioethics  as new Chief Medical Officer and Michael Ferguson as new Chief Commercial OfficerFinancing of EUR 49.2M secured in September 2022  complemented by another EUR 130M oversubscribed capital increase in February 2023  at market price  subscribed by new and existing high-quality US and European biotech specialist investorsCash resources fund operations throughout Q2 2024PARIS  FRANCE  April 19  2023 – 9.00 p.m. (CEST) – Abivax (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 – ABVX) (the “Company”)  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  today announces its 2022 annual financial results  as of December 31  2022  and provides an update on the progress of its product pipeline. The financial statements for 2022 have been audited and approved by the Company’s Board of Directors on April 18  2023. The audit procedures on the consolidated financial statements have been performed and the certification report is being prepared by the Company’s external auditors.Prof. Hartmut J. Ehrlich  M.D.  CEO of Abivax said: “2022 was another eventful and successful year for Abivax. We made great progress in advancing our lead product candidate obefazimod into a Phase 3 clinical program for the treatment of UC patients. Our new CMO  Sheldon Sloan  and new CCO  Michael Ferguson  under the leadership of our newly appointed CEO Marc de Garidel  will play critical roles in the successful conduct and completion of these clinical trials  as well as in the subsequent global submissions and commercial launch preparations. As already observed in our previously conducted Phase 2a and Phase 2b trials  we believe that the results of our ABTECT program will confirm the rapid onset of action- and long-term efficacy and safety profile of obefazimod. The trust of our new and existing investors  as well as the increased interest of the scientific and medical community in obefazimod  encourages Abivax to stay focused and committed to make our drug candidate rapidly available to all the patients in need.”Didier Blondel  CFO of Abivax  added: “Our successful financing round of EUR 49.2M  concluded in 2022  and the pricing of another EUR 130M capital increase  at market price in February this year  fund the Company’s operations throughout Q2 2024. These new financial resources will be mainly used to continue our Phase 3 clinical program with obefazimod for the treatment of UC patients. The successful conduct of this program  along with the maximization of shareholder value  continue to be Abivax’s top priorities for 2023 and beyond. We are focusing to securing the full funding of the ABTECT program in due course through additional non-dilutive and/or dilutive financial resources.”2022 Financial HighlightsItems in the Income Statement FY 2022 FY 2021 Change in millions of Euros Total operating income 0.1 9.7 (9.6) Total operating expenses (56.7) (52.2) (4.5) of which Research and Development costs (48.7) (47.2) (1.5) of which administrative costs and overheads (8.0) (5.0) (3.0) Operating result (56.6) (42.6) (14.1) Financial result (3.8) (3.1) (0.7) Ordinary result (60.5) (45.7) (14.8) Extraordinary result (13.9) 0.1 (14.0) Tax on income 4.5 4.2 0.3 Result for the period (69.8) (41.4) (28.5)Financial Items from the Balance Sheet 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Change in millions of Euros Net Financial Position (19.8) 6.6 (26.4) of which financial fixed assets* 0.0 0.0 0.0 of which fixed-term deposits (maturing in > 1 year) 0.0 0.0 0.0 of which fixed-term deposits (maturing in < 1 year) 0.0 0.0 0.0 of which available cash 26.9 60.7 (33.8) of which financial debts (46.7) (54.1) 7.4 Total Assets 73.4 110.4 (37.0) Total Equity 8.7 35.6 (26.9) of which equity capital 1.9 28.8 (26.9) of which conditional advances 6.8 6.8 (0.0) * Excluding items of the liquidity contract (liquidity and own shares) and deposits & guaranteesOperating loss EUR -56.6M (EUR -14.0M compared to EUR -42.6M as of December 31  2021) which reflects the increasing investments in R&D (EUR -1.5M) and G&A expenses (EUR -3.0M). The remaining difference is mainly due to the one-off income recorded in 2021  resulting from Bpifrance grant  relating to the full completion of the obefazimod Covid-19 program (EUR +9.6M)R&D expenses remained stable at EUR -48.7M (EUR -1.5M compared to -47.2M in 2021)  reflecting mainly the funding needs for the development of obefazimod (93% of the total R&D expenses)  notably taking into account the progressive ramp up of the ongoing Phase 3 program for the treatment of ulcerative colitisG&A expenses increased to EUR -8.0M (14.1% of total operating costs) compared to 2021 at EUR -5.0MTotal number of employees at the end of December 2022 was 22 and slightly decreased compared to 2021The extraordinary loss for 2022 at EUR -13.9M is mostly resulting from the full depreciation of ABX196 after deciding to put the program on holdCash at the end of 2022 was EUR +26.9M  compared to EUR +60.7M at the end of 2021The Company’s cash utilization rate during 2022 was EUR -7.3M per month (EUR -5.5M in 2021) The Company has successfully completed a fund raising in September 2022 (EUR +49.2M gross amount  EUR +46 0 net amount after deduction of transaction fees)  composed of EUR +46.2M equity raise combined with EUR +2.9 royalty certificates; in addition  the Company completed another EUR +130M oversubscribed capital increase at market price in February 2023 (EUR 123M after deduction of transaction fees). These financing rounds were both led by TCGX  with participation from existing investors such as Sofinnova Partners  Invus  Deep Track Capital  Venrock Healthcare Capital Partners  as well as from new investors such as Great Point Partners LLC  Deerfield Management Company  Commodore Capital  Samsara BioCapital  Boxer Capital and others.The Company is currently funded throughout Q2 2024  based on the following assumptions: Assessment of planned R&D needs in 2023 and 2024  notably taking into account the conduct of the obefazimod Phase 3 program for the treatment of ulcerative colitis (ABTECT program) 2023 opening cash Additional cash resulting from the February 2023 capital raise 2023 cash in resulting from the reimbursement of the 2022 Research Tax CreditAs previously communicated  at this point of time  the prospective funding needs of Abivax consider the costs of the ongoing ulcerative colitis Phase 3 program with obefazimod  as well as the running costs of the Company  as planned and assessed as of today. The following costs are not included: Any costs related to the continued treatment of patients who are receiving clinical benefit beyond 52 weeks of the Phase 3 trial; Costs relating to market access  pre-marketing and pre-commercial investments which will be required in due time for the appropriate preparation of the commercialization of obefazimod; Any financing related to subsequent potential indications to be treated with obefazimod  such as Crohn’s Disease and/or rheumatoid arthritis; The Company will assess and plan for these funding requirements and will regularly update the market on its financing need projections. The potential impact for the operations throughout Q2 2024 is not expected to materially affect Abivax’s current cash runway.OPERATING HIGHLIGHTS: PORTFOLIO UPDATEObefazimod global pivotal Phase 3 clinical program in ulcerative colitis (UC) – ABTECT programAt this time  priority is given to the Phase 3 program in moderate to severe UC (ABTECT program)  which includes 1 200 patients suffering from moderate to severe UC at 600 investigator sites covering North America  Europe  Latin America and Asia Pacific. The ABTECT program was initiated in the first half of 2022 and the first patient in the United States was enrolled on October 11  2022.The ABTECT program consists of two 8-week induction trials followed by a 44-week maintenance trial. Abivax has committed to provide access to the study medication to patients who continue to experience clinical benefit beyond the end of the maintenance trial.In December 2022  Abivax announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (the FDA) provided their agreement on the initial Pediatric Study Plan (iPSP) for the development of obefazimod in UC in children aged 2 to 17. The European Medicines Agency (EMA) also provided their green light for the pediatric investigation plan (PIP) with obefazimod for the treatment of Inflammatory Bowel Diseases (IBD) in children aged 2 to 17 in December 2022. Recognizing the impact in children and adolescents  Abivax is committed to the pediatric development of obefazimod for the treatment of IBD.The next steps envisaged for the Phase 3 program of obefazimod for the treatment of UC are (i) obtaining the first results of the induction trials at the end of 2024  (ii) obtaining the first results of the maintenance trial at the end of 2025  and (iii) submission of marketing authorization applications in Europe and the United States by 2026.Obefazimod Phase 2b maintenance trial in UCAbivax recently reported the results of its Phase 2b maintenance trial of obefazimod in UC after two years of continued once-daily treatment with 50mg obefazimod.Among the 217 patients who continued their treatment with 50mg once-daily oral obefazimod  49 were already in clinical remission after the 8-week induction trial. 67.3% (n=33) out of these 49 patients stayed in clinical remission during the maintenance treatment. Further  out of the 168 patients who were not in clinical remission at the end of the induction phase  48.2% (n=81) showed a de novo clinical remission at the end of the two-year maintenance therapy with obefazimod.Furthermore  the clinical remission rate for patients who did not show at least a clinical response at the end of the 8-week induction phase was 43.0% (n=40) after two years of treatment  demonstrating that long-term administration of obefazimod provided substantial clinical benefits also for these patients.75% (n=164/217) of the patients included in the maintenance trial completed two years of once-daily oral dosing with 50mg obefazimod. 30 patients dropped out during the first year of treatment. 6 patients did not qualify for the second year due to non-response after the first year of treatment  and 17 patients dropped out during the second year. These patients were all considered as treatment failures in the ITT analysis.During the induction and the maintenance treatments of the Phase 2b trial  the safety and tolerability profile observed was consistent with previous findings and no safety signals were observed.As of November 2022 (last safety data cut-off)  1 074 patients and volunteers were treated with obefazimod  of which 209 patients have been treated with 50 mg obefazimod for one year or more. At present  no signal of opportunistic infections or malignancies were detected across all studies.Obefazimod Phase 2a maintenance trial in UCFurther  11 out of the 22 UC patients initially included in the Phase 2a maintenance trial recently completed the fourth year of continued daily treatment with 50mg obefazimod.41% (n=9/22) of the patients were in clinical remission and 50% (n=11/22) showed a clinical response after four years. Further  27% (n=6/22) of the patients were in endoscopic remission and 41% (n=9/22) had an endoscopic improvement after four years of treatment with obefazimod.Scientific publications and presentations on obefazimod UC clinical trial results and its novel mechanism of actionIn September 2022  Abivax published a scientific article in the peer-reviewed journal “The Lancet Gastroenterology & Hepatology”  the world-leading gastroenterology and hepatology research journal. The title of the article is “ABX464 (obefazimod) for moderate to severe active ulcerative colitis: a randomised  placebo controlled phase 2b induction trial and 48-week  open-label extension”.[1]The publication highlights that all doses of obefazimod tested during the induction study (25mg  50mg and 100mg) significantly improved the condition of patients suffering from moderate to severe  active ulcerative colitis compared to placebo  as measured by changes in Modified Mayo Score from baseline at week 8. Further  the data show that patients on continuous daily treatment with 50mg obefazimod during the 48 weeks maintenance trial experienced new or maintained clinical response  clinical remission  endoscopic improvement and endoscopic remission.[2]These safety and efficacy results after 48-week of treatment with obefazimod in the Phase 2b maintenance trial were also selected as “one of the best abstracts” for a presentation at the UEG (United European Gastroenterology) Week 2022  that took place in October 2022 in Vienna  Austria.In January 2023  the Company announced the publication of a scientific article in the peer-reviewed journal “Clinical and Translational Gastroenterology (CTG)” entitled: “ABX464 (obefazimod) up-regulates miR-124 to reduce pro-inflammatory markers in inflammatory bowel diseases.” [3]The publication highlights obefazimod’s novel mechanism of action (MoA) and its capacity to treat patients with moderate to severe UC. The article extends the observations reported in Abivax’s previous publications on the Phase 2a and Phase 2b clinical trials conducted in UC  including patients who failed to respond or stopped responding to currently available therapies.The data from blood and rectal tissue from UC patients published in CTG were also selected for a presentation at the 18th Congress of ECCO in March 2023 in Copenhagen  Denmark.Obefazimod Phase 2b/3 trial for the treatment of Crohn’s disease (CD)At this stage  the Company’s program of obefazimod for the treatment of CD is suspended until the necessary financing is obtained. The Company will seek such financing once it has been able to complete the financing of the entire Phase 3 program for UC. Therefore  the Company does not currently have an established timetable for the advancement of its CD clinical program with obefazimod.Obefazimod Phase 2a trial in rheumatoid arthritis (RA)In June 2022  the safety and efficacy study results of the obefazimod Phase 2a trial in RA patients were published in the renowned and peer-reviewed journal “Annals of the Rheumatic Diseases (ARD)”[4] and presented at the Annual European Congress of Rheumatology  EULAR 2022.The publication and EULAR presentation cover the promising top-line results of the induction phase of its Phase 2a clinical trial of obefazimod administered in combination with methotrexate (MTX) for the treatment of active moderate to severe RA. 60 patients who had either an inadequate response to methotrexate and/or TNFα inhibitors participated in the study.In March 2022  Abivax announced its Phase 2a maintenance trial results of obefazimod in RA. Out of the 40 patients who enrolled into the maintenance trial  23 patients had reached the first year of treatment and all achieved at least an ACR20[5]  with 19 and 12 patients achieving ACR50 and ACR70 respectively. Further  the long-term safety profile (50mg obefazimod once daily + MTX) was consistent with previous observations.The Phase 2a data along with the scientific validation in the ARD journal and at EULAR  clearly support moving obefazimod into a subsequent Phase 2b trial for the treatment of RA. Given the priority on the Phase 3 clinical program with obefazimod in UC  the Company’s program for the treatment of RA is suspended until the necessary financing is obtained.ABX196 Phase 1/2 clinical trial in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC)In January 2022  Abivax presented the results of the dose escalation phase of its Phase 1/2 clinical trial in HCC at the ASCO GI Cancers Symposium.This trial was conducted at the Scripps MD Anderson Cancer Center in San Diego and the MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston. In this proof-of-concept study  heavily pre-treated hepatocellular cancer patients who previously failed on checkpoint inhibitor treatments were dosed with ABX196  a synthetic invariant Natural Killer T cell (iNKT) agonist  in combination with checkpoint inhibitor nivolumab (Opdivo®  Bristol Myers Squibb).The results of the dose escalation phase support the further clinical development of ABX196 in the HCC setting. However  in the absence of progress on partnership discussions in the second half of 2022  the Company has decided to put the ABX196 program on hold.FURTHER ANNOUNCEMENTSAppointment of Sheldon Sloan  M.D.  M. Bioethics  as Chief Medical OfficerIn January 2023  Abivax announced the appointment of Dr. Sheldon Sloan  M.D.  M. Bioethics  as new Chief Medical Officer  effective on March 1  2023. Dr. Sloan will be involved in the successful conduct and completion of the ongoing Phase 3 global clinical program with obefazimod for the treatment of UC  as well as in the subsequent global submissions and commercial launch preparations.Appointment of Marc de Garidel as Chief Executive Officer and Interim Board ChairIn April 2023  the Company announced the appointment of Marc de Garidel as new Chief Executive Officer and Interim Board Chair  effective on May 5  2023. His appointment bolsters Abivax’s position as a leader in the field of chronic inflammatory bowel diseases. Marc de Garidel has an extensive track record in the biopharma sector and he will lead obefazimod towards commercialization and execute on Abivax’s clinical and financial strategy.Appointment of Michael Ferguson as Chief Commercial OfficerIn April 2023  Abivax announced the appointment of Michael Ferguson as new Chief Commercial Officer  effective immediately. He has a strong track record in the biopharmaceutical industry  having held senior positions for commercialization and marketing of drugs in the field of Gastroenterology and specifically in IBD. As CCO of Abivax  Michael Ferguson will be leading the market development of obefazimod in IBD.Appointment of Pierre Courteille Ferguson as Chief Business OfficerIn parallel to the appointment of Michael Ferguson as new CCO  Pierre Courteille was appointed Chief Business Officer of Abivax in April 2023.Abivax Board of Directors recompositionAs from May 5  2023  Mr. Marc de Garidel will join the Board of Directors and serve as Chairman on an interim basis. Dr. Philippe Pouletty will become Truffle Capital’s permanent representative on the Board in replacement of Mr. Christian Pierret. Ms. Corinna zur Bonsen-Thomas will cease to act as Chairman but will retain her functions as director.Financial Calendar 2023Friday April 28  2023: Publication of the 2022 annual financial reportPublication of the 2022 annual financial report Monday June 5  2023: Annual Shareholders MeetingAnnual Shareholders Meeting Thursday September 14  2023: Publication of financial statements as of June 30  2023Publication of financial statements as of June 30  2023 Friday September 29  2023: Publication of 2023 half year financial report*****About Abivax (www.abivax.com)Abivax is a Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company  focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Abivax  founded by Truffle Capital  is listed on Euronext compartment B (ISIN: FR0012333284 – Mnémo: ABVX). Based in Paris and Montpellier  Abivax’s lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. More information on the Company is available at www.abivax.com. Follow us on Twitter @ABIVAX_.ContactsAbivaxCommunicationsRegina Jehleregina.jehle@abivax.com+33 6 24 50 69 63InvestorsLifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reidlvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com+44 7413 825310Press Relations & Investors EuropeMC Services AGAnne Henneckeanne.hennecke@mc-services.eu+49 211 529 252 22Public Relations FranceActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 6 21 10 49 24 Public Relations FrancePrimaticeThomas Roborel de Climensthomasdeclimens@primatice.com+33 6 78 12 97 95 Public Relations USARooney Partners LLCJeanene Timberlakejtimberlake@rooneypartners.com+1 646 770 8858DISCLAIMERThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates (including patient recruitment) with respect to certain of the Company's programs. Although Abivax’ management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks  contingencies and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Abivax  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. A description of these risks  contingencies and uncertainties can be found in the documents filed by the Company with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers pursuant to its legal obligations including its registration document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel). These risks  contingencies and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. Special consideration should be given to the potential hurdles of clinical and pharmaceutical development including further assessment by the company and regulatory agencies and IRBs/ethics committees following the assessment of preclinical  pharmacokinetic  carcinogenicity  toxicity  CMC and clinical data. Furthermore  these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates are only as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Abivax disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements  forecasts or estimates to reflect any subsequent changes that the Company becomes aware of  except as required by law. Information about pharmaceutical products (including products currently in development) which is included in this press release is not intended to constitute an advertisement. This press release is for information purposes only  and the information contained herein does not constitute either an offer to sell  or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe securities of the Company in any jurisdiction  in particular in France. Similarly  it does not give and should not be treated as giving investment advice. It has no connection with the investment objectives  financial situation or specific needs of any recipient. It should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for exercise of their own judgement. All opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.[1] Severine Vermeire et al.: ABX464 (obefazimod) for moderate-to-severe  active ulcerative colitis: a phase 2b  double-blind  randomised  placebo-controlled induction trial and 48-week  open-label extension  Lancet Gastroenterol Hepatol  published online on Sept. 5  2022.[2] The extension efficacy set in the publication includes 78 patients who either completed 48 weeks (73 patients) or were scheduled to complete 48 weeks (5 patients had discontinued).[3] Apolit et al.: ABX464 (obefazimod) up-regulates miR-124 to reduce pro-inflammatory markers in inflammatory bowel diseases  CTG  published online Jan. 2023.[4] Daien C  Krogulec M  Gineste P  et al.: “Safety and efficacy of the miR-124 upregulator ABX464 (obefazimod  50 and 100 mg per day) in patients with active rheumatoid arthritis and inadequate response to methotrexate and/or anti-TNFα therapy: a placebo-controlled phase II study”  Ann Rheum Dis 2022;81:1076–1084.[5] The American College of Rheumatology ACR score measures the efficacy of treatments for rheumatoid arthritis patients. The ACR20/50/70 measures a 20/50/70% improvement in the tenderness and swelling in designated joints and a 20/50/70% improvement in at least 3 of the 5 following measures: investigator’s and patient’s reported global assessment of disease scales  patient’s reported pain scale  CRP level  healthy assessment questionnaire.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['2022 financial results', 'operations update', 'Abivax', 'moderate to severe ulcerative colitis', 'promising Phase 2b maintenance results', 'Obefazimod global pivotal phase 3 program', 'Prof. Hartmut J. Ehrlich', 'new Chief Executive Officer', 'European biotech specialist investors', 'new Chief Commercial Officer', 'new Chief Medical Officer', 'Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Cash resources fund operations', 'lead product candidate obefazimod', 'EUR 130M capital increase', 'Phase 2b trials', 'subsequent global submissions', 'European Medicine Agency', 'commercial launch preparations', 'pediatric study plans', 'Marc de Garidel', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'dilutive financial resources', 'The Lancet Gastroenterology', 'Net Financial Position', 'new financial resources', 'Phase 3 clinical program', 'Total operating expenses', 'Interim Board Chair', 'existing high-quality US', 'consolidated financial statements', 'financial fixed assets', 'oral daily treatment', '2022 annual financial results', 'successful financing round', 'Total operating income', 'Phase 2a', 'existing investors', 'severe UC', 'Annual Results', 'product pipeline', 'medical community', 'drug candidate', 'available cash', 'Total Assets', '2022 financial results', 'clinical trials', 'Operating result', 'equity capital', 'new CMO', 'new CCO', 'ABTECT program', 'US Food', 'Translational Gastroenterology', 'Total Equity', '2022 Financial Highlights', 'financial debts', 'successful conduct', 'clinical remission', 'Key word', 'early enrollment', 'two years', '50mg obefazimod', 'Drug Administration', 'novel mechanism', 'Sheldon Sloan', 'M.D.', 'M. Bioethics', 'Michael Ferguson', 'market price', 'immune system', 'audit procedures', 'certification report', 'external auditors', 'critical roles', 'rapid onset', 'long-term efficacy', 'safety profile', 'Didier Blondel', 'shareholder value', 'top priorities', 'full funding', 'due course', 'additional non-dilutive', 'Income Statement', 'administrative costs', 'Ordinary result', 'Balance Sheet', 'fixed-term deposits', 'conditional advances', 'liquidity contract', 'operations update', 'Financial Items', 'successful year', 'Scientific articles', 'Euronext Paris', 'great progress', 'Development costs', 'UC patients', '1 year', 'EQS-News', 'ABIVAX', '21:00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'ITT-Analysis', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'agreement', 'children', 'peer-reviewed', 'journals', 'Hepatology', 'capacity', 'action', 'Appointment', 'September', 'February', 'Q2', 'FRANCE', 'April', 'ABVX', 'therapeutics', 'December', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'eventful', 'leadership', 'completion', 'trust', 'interest', 'need', 'CFO', 'pricing', 'maximization', 'Change', 'millions', 'Euros', 'Research', 'overheads', 'Tax', 'period', '9.00', '2023']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23322,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HEINEKEN-HOLDING-N-V-6407/news/Heineken-Holding-N-V-reports-on-2023-first-quarter-trading-43537142/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Heineken Holding N.V. reports on 2023 first-quarter trading,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  19 April 2023 – Heineken Holding N.V. publishes its trading update for the first quarter of 2023.     Key Highlights           Revenue growth 9.2%Net revenue organic...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HEINEKEN-HOLDING…,"Amsterdam  19 April 2023 – Heineken Holding N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIO; OTCQX: HKHHY) publishesits trading update for the first quarter of 2023.Key HighlightsRevenue growth 9.2%Net revenue (beia) organic growth 8.9%; per hectolitre 12.3%Beer volume -3.0% organic growthHeineken® volume growth 2.3% (5.7% excluding Russia)Gross merchandise value captured via eB2B platforms +51%Outlook for the full year unchanged; operating profit (beia) expected to grow organically mid- to high-single-digitHeineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than its participating interest in Heineken N.V. and the management or supervision of and provision of services to that company.Financial SummaryRevenue for the first quarter of 2023 was €7 632 million (2022: €6 989 million). Net revenue (beia) was €6 378 million and increased by 8.9% organically  with total consolidated volume declining by 3.1% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 12.3%. Price mix on a constant geographic basis increased by 12.1%  driven by pricing to offset inflation across all regions and revenue and mix management. Currency translation positively impacted net revenue (beia) by €104 million or 1.8%  mainly driven by the Mexican Peso and the Brazilian Real. Consolidation changes had a small positive impact in net revenue (beia) of €10 million.Revenue1 (in € million or %) 1Q23 Total growth Organic growth 1Q22 Revenue (IFRS) 7 632 9.2% 6 989 Net revenue (beia) 6 378 8.9% 5 753Beer volume declined 3.0% organically versus last year. The Americas region continued positive growth momentum  offset by declines in the Africa  Middle East and Eastern Europe and Asia Pacific regions driven by temporary external factors in our key markets of Vietnam and Nigeria. Volume in Europe performed ahead of our expectations for the quarter.Beer volume (in mhl or %) 1Q23 Organic growth 1Q22 Heineken N.V. 54.8 -3.0% 56.4Premium beer volume fell by 5.7%  driven by the decline in Vietnam and stopping sales of Heineken® in Russia. Strong underlying momentum in premiumisation continued elsewhere  led by Heineken®  which grew 2.3% in volume  significantly outperforming HEINEKEN's portfolio. Heineken® grew by double-digits in more than 25 markets. Growth was mainly driven by Brazil and China  and was partially offset by the decline in Russia. Heineken® 0.0 declined by a low-single-digit  with strong growth momentum in Brazil  the USA  the UK  Spain and the Netherlands  offset by the decline in Russia. Notably  HEINEKEN's consumer-centric innovation Heineken® Silver continued its strong growth  including double-digit growth in Vietnam and China. HEINEKEN also continued the global expansion and launched Heineken® Silver in the USA  with a taste proposition specially designed for US consumers. Overall  Heineken® Silver grew by 47%.Heineken® volume (in mhl or %) 1Q23 Organic growth Heineken N.V. 12.2 2.3%Reported Net Profit of Heineken N.V.The reported net profit of Heineken N.V. for the first three months of 2023 was €403 million (2022: €417 million).OutlookHEINEKEN continues to experience the effects of a volatile global economy and remain cautious about the impact this has on consumer demand. At the same time  HEINEKEN is focused on strengthening its business in line with its EverGreen strategy  including investing behind its brands and innovations  and delivering upon its gross savings ambitions.Following the start of the year  HEINEKEN sees signals of a relatively resilient Europe and risks of slower economic growth in Asia Pacific  thus performance across markets may be different than anticipated. All in all  HEINEKEN's full year outlook remains unchanged and HEINEKEN expects operating profit (beia) to grow organically mid- to high-single-digit. HEINEKEN also expects that the growth in operating profit (beia) will come mainly  if not fully  in the second half of the year.Translational Currency Calculated ImpactBased on the impact to date  and applying spot rates of 17 April 2023 to the 2022 financial results as a baseline for the remainder of the year  the calculated negative currency translational impact for the full year of 2023 would be approximately €640 million in net revenue (beia)  €90 million at operating profit (beia) and €40 million at net profit (beia).Reconciliation of non-GAAP measuresIn the internal management reports  HEINEKEN uses the measure of net revenue (beia).Reconciliation net revenue (beia) In millions of € 1Q23 1Q22 Revenue (IFRS) 7 632 6 989 Excise tax expense (1 253) (1 236) Net revenue 6 379 5 753 Exceptional items included in net revenue (1) — Net revenue (beia) 6 378 5 753Note: due to rounding  this table will not always castEnquiriesMedia Heineken Holding N.V. Kees Jongsma tel. +31 6 54 79 82 53 E-mail: cjongsma@spj.nl Media Investors Sarah Backhouse José Federico Castillo Martinez Director of Global Communication Director of Investor Relations Michael Fuchs Mark Matthews / Chris Steyn Corporate & Financial Communication Manager Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.com E-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-20-5239355 Tel: +31-20-5239590Conference Call DetailsHEINEKEN will host an analyst and investor conference call with Harold van den Broek  Chief Financial Officer  in relation to its First Quarter 2023 Trading Update today at 14:00 CET/ 13:00 GMT. This call will also be accessible for Heineken Holding N.V. shareholders. The call will be audio cast live via the company’s website: www.theheinekencompany.com. An audio replay service will also be made available after the conference call at the above web address. Analysts and investors can dial-in using the following telephone numbers:United Kingdom (Local): 020 3936 2999Netherlands (Local): 085 888 7233USA (Local): 646 664 1960All other locations: +44 203 936 2999Participation password for all countries: 683288Editorial information:Heineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than its participating interest in Heineken N.V. and the management or supervision of and provision of services to that company.HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 85 000 employees  HEINEKEN brews the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. HEINEKEN's dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. HEINEKEN is committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. HEINEKEN operates breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on the websites: www.heinekenholding.com and www.theHEINEKENcompany.com and follow HEINEKEN on LinkedIn   Twitter and Instagram .Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Disclaimer:This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions with regard to the financial position and results of HEINEKEN’s activities  anticipated developments and other factors. All statements other than statements of historical facts are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include  but are not limited to  statements and information in HEINEKEN’s non-financial reporting  such as HEINEKEN’s emissions reduction and other climate change related matters (including actions  potential impacts and risks associated therewith). These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “could”  “estimate”  “expect”  “goals”  “intend”  “may”  “milestones”  “objectives”  “outlook”  “plan”  “probably”  “project”  “risks”  “schedule”  “seek”  “should”  “target”  “will” and similar terms and phrases. These forward-looking statements  while based on management's current expectations and assumptions  are not guarantees of future performance since they are subject to numerous assumptions  known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which may change over time  that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Many of these risks and uncertainties relate to factors that are beyond HEINEKEN’s ability to control or estimate precisely  such as but not limited to future market and economic conditions  the behaviour of other market participants  changes in consumer preferences  the ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and achieve anticipated synergies  costs of raw materials and other goods and services  interest-rate and exchange-rate fluctuations  changes in tax rates  changes in law  environmental and physical risks  change in pension costs  the actions of government regulators and weather conditions. These and other risk factors are detailed in HEINEKEN’s publicly filed annual reports. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only of the date of this press release. HEINEKEN assumes no duty to and does not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Market share estimates contained in this press release are based on outside sources  such as specialised research institutes  in combination with management estimates.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.35,0.26,True,English,"['Heineken Holding N.V.', '2023 first-quarter trading', 'Media Heineken Holding N.V. Kees Jongsma', 'Financial Communication Manager Investor Relations Manager', 'Michael Fuchs Mark Matthews', '1Q23 Total growth Organic growth', 'Translational Currency Calculated Impact', 'negative currency translational impact', 'Global Communication Director', 'Heineken N.V.', 'total consolidated volume', 'Gross merchandise value', 'constant geographic basis', 'The Americas region', 'temporary external factors', 'gross savings ambitions', 'Excise tax expense', 'Chris Steyn Corporate', 'positive growth momentum', '1Q23 Organic growth', 'Strong underlying momentum', 'volatile global economy', 'slower economic growth', 'small positive impact', 'first three months', 'strong growth momentum', 'internal management reports', 'Premium beer volume', 'Asia Pacific regions', 'Heineken® volume growth', 'Reconciliation net revenue', 'full year outlook', '3.0% organic growth', 'Financial Summary', '2022 financial results', 'double-digit growth', 'global expansion', 'Revenue growth', 'Net Profit', 'trading update', 'first quarter', 'Key Highlights', 'operating profit', 'participating interest', 'Price mix', 'mix management', 'Mexican Peso', 'Brazilian Real', 'Consolidation changes', 'Middle East', 'consumer-centric innovation', 'Heineken® Silver', 'taste proposition', 'US consumers', 'consumer demand', 'same time', 'EverGreen strategy', 'second half', 'spot rates', 'GAAP measures', 'Exceptional items', 'Senior Analyst', '1Q22 Revenue', 'last year', 'Eastern Europe', 'resilient Europe', 'key markets', '25 markets', 'Amsterdam', '19 April', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIO', 'OTCQX', 'HKHHY', 'hectolitre', 'Russia', 'platforms', 'beia', 'high-single-digit', 'activities', 'supervision', 'provision', 'services', 'company', 'pricing', 'inflation', 'Revenue1', 'IFRS', 'declines', 'Africa', 'Vietnam', 'Nigeria', 'expectations', 'mhl', 'sales', 'premiumisation', 'portfolio', 'double-digits', 'China', 'low-single-digit', 'USA', 'UK', 'Spain', 'Netherlands', 'effects', 'business', 'brands', 'innovations', 'start', 'signals', 'risks', 'performance', '17 April', 'baseline', 'remainder', 'millions', 'Note', 'rounding', 'table', 'Enquiries', 'mail', '€', '47', '753', '31']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23323,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-SFH-EMTN-2nd-supplement-13-April-2023-visa-23-116-43542141/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Societe Generale : SFH EMTN 2nd supplement 13 April 2023 visa 23-116,(marketscreener.com)   SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE SFH   € 70 000 000 000   Euro Medium Term Note Programme   for the issue of obligations de financement de l'habitat   SECOND SUPPLEMENT DATED 13 April 2023   TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS...https://www.markets…,"SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE SFH € 70 000 000 000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the issue of obligations de financement de l'habitat SECOND SUPPLEMENT DATED 13 April 2023 TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 26 JULY 2022 This Second supplement (the Second Supplement) is supplemental to  and should be read in conjunction with  the base prospectus dated 26 July 2022 which was granted visa n°22-321 on 26 July 2022  as supplemented by the First Suppelemnt dated 13 October 2022 that received approval n°22-417 (the Base Prospectus)  prepared by Société Générale SFH (the Issuer) with respect to its € 70 000 000 000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme). The Base Prospectus  as supplemented (including by this Second Supplement)  constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Terms defined in the Base Prospectus have the same meaning when used in this Second Supplement. The Issuer has prepared this Second Supplement pursuant to article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation for the purposes of : Updating the Base Prospectus with the 2022 Annual Financial Report of the Issuer;Updating the article R513-8-1 Code Monétaire et financier . Application has been made to the Autorité des marchés financiers (the AMF) as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation for approval of this Second Supplement. The AMF only approves this Second Supplement to the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness  comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation  such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Save as disclosed in this Second Supplement  no other significant new factor  material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in the Base Prospectus has arisen or been noted  as the case may be  since the publication of the Base Prospectus. To the extent that there is any inconsistency between (a) any statement in this Second Supplement and (b) any other statement in  or incorporated by reference in  the Base Prospectus  the statements in (a) above will prevail. In accordance with Article 23(2) of the Prospectus Regulation  to the extent applicable  investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for the Notes before this Second Supplement is published have the right  exercisable within two working days after the publication of the supplement (no later than 18 April 2023)  to withdraw their acceptances  provided that the significant new factor  material mistake or material inaccuracy arose or was noted before the closing of the offer period or the delivery of the Notes  whichever occurs first. Investors may contact the Autorised Offereror(s) should they wish to exercise the right of withdrawal. This Second Supplement will be published so long as Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris  the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or any other such regulated market in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation  the Final Terms relating to such Notes will be available on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org)and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and/or any other such regulated market  as the case may be  and of the Issuer (http://prospectus.socgen.com).APPROVAL FROM THE AUTORITE DES MARCHES FINANCIERS This Second Supplement has been approved on 13 April 2023 under the approval number n°23-116 by the AMF  in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Second Supplement after having verified that the information it contains is complete  coherent and comprehensible. This approval is not favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Second Supplement. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes.1.1 AMENDEMENTS TO GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 1.1.1 In section ""GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME"" on pages 8 to 17  in part ""II. THE PROGRAMME"" the subparagraph headed ""Extended Maturity Date "" on page 11 is deleted and replaced as follows: Extended Maturity Date: Subject to compliance with all relevant laws  regulations and directives  upon the occurrence of any of the following events (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms of a Series of Notes in accordance with Condition 6(a) (""Final Redemption""))  the Maturity Date of the Notes shall be extended (the Extended Maturity Date): in the event of a default of payment  on the Maturity Date initially set by the société de financement de l'habitat   of the principal or interest on a loan granted by the société de financement de l'habitat to a credit institution and secured by the remittance  assignment or pledge of receivables pursuant to Articles L. 211-38 to L. 211-40 or Articles L. 313-23 to L. 313-35 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  whether or not these receivables are of a professional nature  or in the event of a default of payment  by the credit institution issuing promissory notes subscribed by the société de financement de l'habitat in accordance with the terms and conditions defined in Articles L. 313-43 to L. 313-48 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  of the principal or interest on such promissory notes; in the event of a default of payment by the société de financement de l'habitat   on the Maturity Date initially set by the société de financement de l'habitat   of the principal or interest of the obligations de financement de l'habitat ; in the event a credit institution benefiting from loans granted by the société de financement de l'habitat and secured by the remittance  assignment or pledge of receivables pursuant to Articles L. 211-38 to L. 211- 40 or Articles L. 313-23 to L. 313-35 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  whether or not these receivables are of a professional nature  or in the event a credit institution issuing promissory notes subscribed by the société de financement de l'habitat in accordance with the terms and conditions defined in Articles L. 313-43 to L. 313-48 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  is subject to safeguard proceedings ( procédure de sauvegarde )  judicial reorganisation or liquidation proceedings ( procédure de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires ) or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; in the event a société de financement de l'habitat is subject to safeguard proceedings ( procédure de sauvegarde )  judicial reorganisation or liquidation proceedings ( procédure de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires ) or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  (a Maturity Extension Trigger Event). 31.1.2 In section ""GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME""  part ""IV STRUCTURE DIAGRAM"" on page 17 is deleted and replaced as follows: 1.2 RISK FACTORS 1.2.1 In section ""RISK FACTORS"" on pages 18 to 20  risk factors ""Liquidity Risks"" and ""2.1 Macroeconomic  geopolitical and market risks""in the sub-section""2.Risks related to the macroeconomic  geopolitical  market  legal and regulatory environments""are deleted and replaced as follows: ""This section identifies the main risk factors that the Issuer estimates could have a significant effect on its business  profitability  solvency or access to financing. The risks inherent to the Issuer's activity are presented below under five main categories  in accordance with Article 16 of the Prospectus Regulation: liquidity risks; risks related to the macroeconomic  geopolitical  market and regulatory environments; credit and counterparty risks; operational risks; and structural risks. ""1. Liquidity risks The Issuer's liquidity risk is defined as the risk of not being able to meet its payment obligations under the Notes when they fall due  because of the temporary lags between the amortization profile of its assets and liabilities. A number of exceptional measures taken by governments  central banks and regulators as well as a downgrade in Société Générale group's (including the Issuer  the Group) external rating or in the sovereign rating of the French State could have a significant negative impact on the Issuer's cost of financing  its access to liquidity. Moreover  a lack of liquidity could have a significant negative impact on the Issuer's capacity to repay the Notes on a short-term period. As of 31 December 2022  the maximum exposure of the Issuer for the next 180 days could be estimated up to 2.85 billion euros  representing the maximum cumulated amount of Notes falling due under this period. From a long-term perspective  the 4",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.05,0.67,True,English,"['SFH EMTN 2nd supplement', 'Societe Generale', 'visa', 'SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE SFH', '000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme', 'des marchés financiers', 'other significant new factor', 'two working days', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', '2022 Annual Financial Report', 'Extended Maturity Date', 'relevant Final Terms', 'habitat SECOND SUPPLEMENT', 'The Base Prospectus', 'MARCHES FINANCIERS', 'other statement', 'relevant laws', 'Financial Code', 'Final Redemption', 'obligations de', 'First Suppelemnt', 'same meaning', 'competent authority', 'material mistake', 'material inaccuracy', 'offer period', 'Autorised Offereror', 'Euronext Paris', 'favourable opinion', 'GENERAL DESCRIPTION', 'following events', 'credit institution', 'French Monetary', 'professional nature', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'regulated market', 'approval number', 'The AMF', 'issue', 'financement', 'conjunction', 'visa', '26 July', 'respect', 'purpose', 'article', 'Application', 'standards', 'completeness', 'comprehensibility', 'consistency', 'endorsement', 'quality', 'Notes', 'Investors', 'assessment', 'suitability', 'information', 'case', 'publication', 'extent', 'reference', 'statements', 'accordance', 'applicable', 'right', '18 April', 'acceptances', 'closing', 'delivery', 'withdrawal', 'websites', 'AUTORITE', '13 April', 'capacity', 'opportunity', 'AMENDEMENTS', 'section', 'pages', 'part', 'subparagraph', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'directives', 'Series', 'Condition', 'default', 'payment', 'principal', 'interest', 'loan', 'remittance', 'assignment', 'pledge', 'receivables', 'L.', '1.1']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23324,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SVAS-BIOSANA-S-P-A-130552524/news/Svas-Biosana-S-p-A-Approval-of-the-financial-statements-at-31-December-2022-43538623/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Svas Biosana S p A : Approval of the financial statements at 31 December 2022,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF SVAS BIOSANA APPROVES   THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31   DECEMBER 2022   THE GROUP CONSOLIDATES ITS GROWTH TREND AND STRENGTHENS   ITS …,"PRESS RELEASE THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF SVAS BIOSANA APPROVES THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022 THE GROUP CONSOLIDATES ITS GROWTH TREND AND STRENGTHENS ITS COMPETITIVE POSITION IN THE MARKET SVAS APPROVES THE ALLOCATION OF THE PROFIT FOR THE YEAR AND CALLS THE ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING Consolidated Revenues: €97.2 million (+19.9% YoY)Consolidated 1 EBITDA: €11.9 million (+11.7% YoY); EBITDA Margin: 12.2%EBITDA: €11.9 million (+11.7% YoY); EBITDA Margin: 12.2% Consolidated EBIT: €6.3 million (+8.4% YoY); EBIT Margin 6.4%Consolidated Net Profit: €3.6 million  up 13.0% on 2021Group Net Financial Position (NFP) cash negative for €21.7 million (cash negative for €17.0 million in 2021) Somma Vesuviana (Naples) 14 April 2023 - Svas Biosana S.p.A.  (the ""Group"" or ""SVAS"")  a leading player in the production and distribution of medical devices for public and private healthcare facilities  and listed on Euronext Growth Milan  a multilateral trading system organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. which focuses on small and medium-sized companies with high growth potential  unveils that the Board of Directors met today to examine and approve the consolidated financial statements and the financial statements at 31 December 2022 to be submitted to the Shareholders convened in an Ordinary Meeting on 16 May 2023 on first call and  if necessary  on second call on 17 May. According to Umberto Perillo  CEO of Svas Biosana: ""2022 was a very challenging year for the Group due to the well-known geopolitical events  the generalised increase in costs and supply chain bottlenecks. However  1 EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest Taxes Depreciation and Amortisation or gross operating profit (loss)) is the profit (loss) before financial income and expenses  income taxes  accruals  amortisation and depreciation of fixed assets and write-down of receivables. EBITDA is the indicator used by the Group to monitor and assess the operating performance of the business. EBITDA is not identified as an accounting measure under the Italian reporting standards. Therefore  it is not to be considered as an alternative measure for assessing the Group's operating performance. As the composition of EBITDA is not regulated by the relevant reporting standards  the calculation criteria applied by the Group may differ from those adopted by other entities and  therefore  may not be comparable with them. SVAS BIOSANA S.p.A. Registered Office Correspondence Headquarters and Contacts Offices Companies Register of Via M. Perillo  34 Post Box 91 Via Trentola  7 Tel. +390818995411 Naples no. 4543/85 80047 80049 80049 Fax +390818993922 R.E.A. no. 393065 San Giuseppe Vesuviano (NA) Somma Vesuviana (NA) Somma Vesuviana (NA) www.svas.it Tax Code 04720630633 Italy Italy Italy svasbiosana@legalmail.it VAT no. 01354901215in 2022  we performed more than satisfactorily and consolidated our growth trend with revenues up by 20% compared to 2021. This is the result of a commercial and business strategy based on the development of markets that play a strategic role for the Group as well as on innovation  product portfolio improvement and optimisation of all company resources. My personal thanks go to all the Group's employees and collaborators who worked really hard in order to achieve these positive results in a difficult and objectively unfavourable context"". In 2022  the Group benefited from the full recovery of surgical  diagnostic and treatment activities  which resulted in a strong upturn in demand for all medical devices which had been severely impacted by the pandemic following the reduction in the number of surgeries and the closure of a large number of wards. Furthermore  the Group improved its business and commercial performance by increasing production efficiency  offsetting the rise in the price of key raw materials. The increase in input costs was the critical element that characterised 2022. ANALYSIS OF KEY ECONOMIC AND FINANCIAL DATA Reclassified Consolidated Income Statement 2022 % 2021 % Diff. % Net revenues 97 226 932 100.0% 81 085 102 100.0% 16 141 830 19.9% External costs 74 943 464 77.1% 60 383 563 74.5% 14 559 901 24.1% Added value 22 283 468 22.9% 20 701 539 25.5% 1 581 929 7.6% Cost of labour 12 675 540 13.0% 11 022 402 13.6% 1 653 138 15.0% Sundry income 2 289 652 2.4% 967 679 1.2% 1 321 973 136.6% Gross operating profit 11 897 580 12.2% 10 646 816 13.1% 1 250 764 11.7% Amortisation  depreciation and 5 640 213 5.8% 4 875 669 6.0% 764 544 15.7% other provisions Operating profit 6 257 367 6.4% 5 771 147 7.1% 486 220 8.4% Net financial expense (1 600 587) -1.6% (1 752 985) -2.2% 152 398 -8.7% Profit from ordinary operations 4 656 780 4.8% 4 018 162 5.0% 638 618 15.9% Write-backs and write-downs Pre-tax profit 4 656 780 4.8% 4 018 162 5.0% 638 618 15.9% Income taxes 1 085 305 1.1% 856 979 1.1% 228 326 26.6% Net profit for the year 3 571 475 3.7% 3 161 183 3.9% 410 292 13.0% Group highlights In 2022  net revenues amounted to €97.2 million  up 19.9% YoY compared to €81.1 million in 2021. The 2022 balance does not include the revenues earned by the Bormia Group in the period from January to June 2022 (€6.5 million). Indeed  the Bormia Group was acquired on 23 June 2022 with legal effect from 1 July 2022. These figures reflect the positive contribution of all business lines  in Italy and abroad. SVAS BIOSANA S.p.A. Registered Office Correspondence Headquarters and Contacts Offices Companies Register of Via M. Perillo  34 Post Box 91 Via Trentola  7 Tel. +390818995411 Naples no. 4543/85 80047 80049 80049 Fax +390818993922 R.E.A. no. 393065 San Giuseppe Vesuviano (NA) Somma Vesuviana (NA) Somma Vesuviana (NA) www.svas.it Tax Code 04720630633 Italy Italy Italy svasbiosana@legalmail.it VAT no. 01354901215Speciﬁcally  the largest increase in revenues was achieved by the Mark Medical business unit (marketing of specialised medical devices in Eastern Europe)  which contributed €32.8 million (+20% on 2021). The SVAS business unit (marketing of medical devices  specialities and commodities in Italy) recorded revenues of €20.7 million  up 12% YoY. The Farmex business unit (production and marketing of incontinence aids and cotton products) grew 7% on 2021  with revenues of €29.6 million. The Medical business unit (production and marketing of medical devices  custom packs and advanced dressings) contributed €9.2 million  up 8% on 2021. Finally  in the second half of 2022  the Bormia business unit earned revenues of €6.6 million  accounting for 7% of total turnover. Geographically speaking  60% of revenues (+9% on 2021) were generated in Italy and 40% abroad (+43% on 2021)  confirming the Group's good international standing. Production revenues amount to €102.3 million  up 25.5% YoY compared to €81.5 million in 2021. EBITDA (gross operating profit) amount to €11.9 million  up by 11.7% on €10.6 million in 2021  with an EBITDA margin of 12.2% on revenues. EBIT (operating profit) amount to €6.3 million  up by 8.4% on €5.8 million in 2021  with an EBIT margin of 6.4% on revenues. The net profit for the year amounts to €3.6 million (up 13.0% from €3.2 million in 2021). The net financial position is cash negative for €21.7 million compared to €17.0 million at 31 December 2021. This figure must be considered in the light of the acquisition of Bormia d.o.o. in 2022. Shareholders' equity amounts to €54.5 million  up €3.5 million on €51.0 million at 31 December 2021. Financial Statements of the Parent Sales revenues amount to €55.4 million  up 7.8% on €51.4 million in 2021. Production revenues amount to €60.4 million  up 16.9% on €51.7 million for 2021. EBITDA (gross operating profit) amount to €5.9 million  down 2.2% on €6.0 million in 2021  with an EBITDA margin of 10.6% on revenues. EBIT (operating profit) amounts to €2.2 million  down 20.6% on €2.8 million in 2021)  with an EBIT margin of 4% on revenues. The net profit for the year amounts to €0.8 million (down 28.8% from €1.1 million in 2021). The decrease in the net profit for the year and the main profitability indicators is due to the sharp increase in the cost of raw materials and energy  partly offset by the greater efficiency of the general structure and production facilities and by the decision to accrue a €0.3 million provision for the risk related to the Payback scheme for the medical devices sector  which was activated in 2022 with retroactive effect for the 2015-2018 period. The net financial position is cash negative for €16.9 million compared to €10.5 million at 31 December 2021. This figure must be considered in the light of the acquisition of Bormia d.o.o. in 2022. Shareholders' equity amounts to €44.8 million  up €0.7 million on €44.1 million at 31 December 2021. SVAS BIOSANA S.p.A. Registered Office Correspondence Headquarters and Contacts Offices Companies Register of Via M. Perillo  34 Post Box 91 Via Trentola  7 Tel. +390818995411 Naples no. 4543/85 80047 80049 80049 Fax +390818993922 R.E.A. no. 393065 San Giuseppe Vesuviano (NA) Somma Vesuviana (NA) Somma Vesuviana (NA) www.svas.it Tax Code 04720630633 Italy Italy Italy svasbiosana@legalmail.it VAT no. 01354901215PROPOSED ALLOCATION OF THE NET PROFIT FOR THE YEAR AND PART OF THE AVAILABLE RESERVES The Board of Directors resolved to propose that the shareholders allocate the net profit for the year of €760 842 as follows: €722 800 to the extraordinary reserve€38 042 to the legal reserve KEY EVENTS OF THE YEAR On 7 January 2022  Banca Profilo S.p.A. and Illimity Bank S.p.A.  as Joint Global Coordinator  fully exercised the Greenshoe option granted by Agrinvest S.r.l. to purchase 240 000 shares  accounting for 15% of the shares covered by the private placement.On 14 April 2022  the Board of Directors decided to launch the buyback programme for its own shares in compliance with the rules set out by the supervisory authorities  assigning this task to Banca Profilo S.p.A.. The shareholders approved the buyback programme on 19 November 2021 for a maximum amount of €2 000 000 and a duration of 18 months.The closing of the acquisition of Bormia d.o.o. (""Bormia"") took place on 23 June 2022. Bormia distributes specialised medical devices to leading public and private customers in the Slovenian  Croatian  Serbian and Bosnian health care systems. The acquisition took place through Levante HC Holding  a wholly- owned subsidiary of Svas Biosana S.p.A.  and was effective on 1 July 2022. SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE Nothing to report. OUTLOOK The macroeconomic outlook for the economic activity and inflation remains highly uncertain and depends crucially on the evolution of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict  the impact of the sanctions currently in place and possible further measures. Asian is a source of some concern with respect to Taiwan and  more in general  with China's foreign policy stance which appears more active than in the past. The disruptions currently affecting the supply of energy and raw materials and the negative effects on confidence caused by the conflict are expected to be temporary  with no significant impacts on global supply chains. The public health emergency caused by the outbreak of the Covid pandemic now seems of little concern. The characteristics of the current variants and the massive vaccination campaign have considerably reduced the effects on economic activities and people's health. All economic activities have resumed their normal pace and expectations are very positive in general. The growth recorded in the previous year continued in the first few months of 2023. Therefore  under the current conditions  the Group expects to continue developing both its commercial and business activities. Furthermore  it is confident of and firmly committed to its plans for 2023  both in terms of turnover and investments focusing on growth. SVAS BIOSANA S.p.A. Registered Office Correspondence Headquarters and Contacts Offices Companies Register of Via M. Perillo  34 Post Box 91 Via Trentola  7 Tel. +390818995411 Naples no. 4543/85 80047 80049 80049 Fax +390818993922 R.E.A. no. 393065 San Giuseppe Vesuviano (NA) Somma Vesuviana (NA) Somma Vesuviana (NA) www.svas.it Tax Code 04720630633 Italy Italy Italy svasbiosana@legalmail.it VAT no. 01354901215",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.15,0.56,True,English,"['Svas Biosana S', 'financial statements', 'Approval', '31 December', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Svas Biosana S.p.A.', 'Contacts Offices Companies Register', ""SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING Consolidated Revenues"", 'R.E.A.', 'Group Net Financial Position', 'MARKET SVAS APPROVES', 'private healthcare facilities', 'multilateral trading system', 'supply chain bottlenecks', 'Italian reporting standards', 'relevant reporting standards', 'Office Correspondence Headquarters', 'San Giuseppe Vesuviano', 'product portfolio improvement', 'key raw materials', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'high growth potential', 'Net financial expense', 'Consolidated Income Statement', 'Via M. Perillo', 'CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS', 'Consolidated Net Profit', 'gross operating profit', 'COMPETITIVE POSITION', 'medium-sized companies', 'Ordinary Meeting', 'Net revenues', 'Consolidated EBIT', 'financial income', 'FINANCIAL DATA', 'GROWTH TREND', 'Umberto Perillo', 'Via Trentola', 'operating performance', 'Consolidated 1 EBITDA', 'income taxes', 'Sundry income', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'EBIT Margin', 'Somma Vesuviana', 'leading player', 'medical devices', 'first call', 'second call', 'geopolitical events', 'Interest Taxes', 'fixed assets', 'accounting measure', 'alternative measure', 'calculation criteria', 'other entities', '34 Post Box', 'Tax Code', 'strategic role', 'company resources', 'personal thanks', 'positive results', 'unfavourable context', 'full recovery', 'surgical, diagnostic', 'treatment activities', 'strong upturn', 'critical element', 'other provisions', 'ordinary operations', 'Pre-tax profit', 'input costs', 'External costs', 'generalised increase', 'large number', 'commercial performance', 'production efficiency', 'EBITDA Margin', 'challenging year', 'business strategy', 'Group highlights', 'The 2022 balance', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', '31 DECEMBER', 'STRENGTHENS', 'ALLOCATION', 'CALLS', 'NFP', 'Naples', 'April', 'distribution', 'public', 'small', '16 May', '17 May', 'CEO', 'Earnings', 'Depreciation', 'Amortisation', 'expenses', 'accruals', 'write', 'receivables', 'indicator', 'composition', 'Fax', 'Italy', 'development', 'markets', 'innovation', 'employees', 'collaborators', 'order', 'difficult', 'demand', 'pandemic', 'reduction', 'surgeries', 'wards', 'rise', 'price', 'ANALYSIS', 'ECONOMIC', 'value', 'labour']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23325,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HEINEKEN-N-V-6283/news/Heineken-N-V-reports-on-2023-first-quarter-trading-43537115/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230419,Heineken N.V. reports on 2023 first-quarter trading,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  19 April 2023 – Heineken N.V. publishes its trading update for the first quarter of 2023.   Key Highlights Revenue growth 9.2%Net revenue organic growth 8.9%; per hectolitre 12.3%Beer volume -3.0% organic growthHeineken® volume…,"Amsterdam  19 April 2023 – Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) publishes its trading update for the first quarter of 2023.Key HighlightsRevenue growth 9.2%Net revenue (beia) organic growth 8.9%; per hectolitre 12.3%Beer volume -3.0% organic growthHeineken ® volume growth 2.3% (5.7% excluding Russia)volume growth 2.3% (5.7% excluding Russia) Gross merchandise value captured via eB2B platforms +51%Outlook for the full year unchanged; operating profit (beia) expected to grow organically mid- to high-single-digitCEO StatementDolf van den Brink  Chairman of the Executive Board / CEO  commented:""We start the year with strong revenue growth driven by pricing and disciplined revenue management  while we materially increase investment behind our brands. Business performance in Europe and the Americas regions is encouraging  with consumer demand holding up better than expected in the first quarter. Results in the Asia Pacific and Africa  Middle East and Eastern Europe regions were disappointing  hindered by temporary volatility in Vietnam and Nigeria  leading to demand softness.We continue to make consistent progress on EverGreen. Heineken® volume was up 5.7% excluding Russia  Heineken® Silver grew 47% and was launched in the United States. We obtained the final regulatory approval in South Africa  and we look forward to welcoming over 5 400 new colleagues of Distell and Namibian Breweries into HEINEKEN and to add more than €1 billion in net revenue and €150 million operating profit to our African footprint. Our eB2B platforms captured €2.3 billion in gross merchandise value this quarter  51% more than last year  and 6 markets have completed the transition under the brand name eazle  business made easy. HEINEKEN was included in the 2023 Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index for our commitment and progress towards a fair  inclusive and equitable workplace and world.We see the economic environment as volatile and uncertain  making us vigilant and focused. Our gross savings programme continues at force  providing fuel to invest behind our strategy. All in all  our full year expectations remain unchanged.""Driving Superior GrowthRevenue for the first quarter of 2023 was €7 632 million (2022: €6 989 million). Net revenue (beia) was €6 378 million and increased by 8.9% organically  with total consolidated volume declining by 3.1% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 12.3%. Price mix on a constant geographic basis increased by 12.1%  driven by pricing to offset inflation across all regions and revenue and mix management. Currency translation positively impacted net revenue (beia) by €104 million or 1.8%  mainly driven by the Mexican Peso and the Brazilian Real. Consolidation changes had a small positive impact in net revenue (beia) of €10 million.Revenue1 (in € million or %) 1Q23 Total growth Organic growth 1Q22 Revenue (IFRS) 7 632 9.2% 6 989 Net revenue (beia) 6 378 8.9% 5 753Beer volume declined 3.0% organically versus last year. The Americas region continued positive growth momentum  offset by declines in the Africa  Middle East and Eastern Europe and Asia Pacific regions driven by temporary external factors in our key markets of Vietnam and Nigeria. Volume in Europe performed ahead of our expectations for the quarter.Beer volume (in mhl or %) 1Q23 Organic growth 1Q22 Heineken N.V. 54.8 -3.0% 56.4 Africa  Middle East & Eastern Europe 9.0 -8.3% 9.8 Americas 20.3 3.4% 19.7 Asia Pacific 10.3 -10.5% 11.5 Europe 15.2 -2.3% 15.5Driving premiumisation at scale  led by Heineken®Premium beer volume fell by 5.7%  driven by the decline in Vietnam and stopping sales of Heineken® in Russia. Strong underlying momentum in premiumisation continued elsewhere  led by Heineken®  which grew 2.3% in volume  significantly outperforming our portfolio. Heineken® grew by double-digits in more than 25 markets. Growth was mainly driven by Brazil and China  and was partially offset by the decline in Russia. Heineken® 0.0 declined by a low-single-digit  with strong growth momentum in Brazil  the USA  the UK  Spain and the Netherlands  offset by the decline in Russia. Notably  our consumer-centric innovation Heineken® Silver continued its strong growth  including double-digit growth in Vietnam and China. We also continued the global expansion and launched Heineken® Silver in the USA  with a taste proposition specially designed for US consumers. Overall  Heineken® Silver grew by 47%.Heineken® volume (in mhl or %) 1Q23 Organic growth Heineken N.V. 12.2 2.3% Africa  Middle East & Eastern Europe 1.3 -23.9% Americas 5.4 10.3% Asia Pacific 2.3 16.3% Europe 3.1 -4.3%Build a future-fit digital route-to-consumerOur business-to-business digital (eB2B) platforms aim to create a superior customer experience to drive demand through better service and with productivity gains. We continue to deploy these platforms at speed and in the first quarter of this year our platform solutions captured €2.3 billion in gross merchandise value  an increase of 51% versus the comparable period last year. The growth was mainly driven by Mexico  Vietnam  Brazil  the Netherlands  Nigeria and Italy. We now connect over half a million active customers  100 thousand more than in the comparable period last year. In this quarter we began migrating our eB2B platforms under a single brand name: eazle  business made easy. The transition to the new brand is now live in the UK  Italy  Ireland  France  Spain and Austria. eazle will enable better features at scale  resulting in improved customer experience and better performance  helping customers to grow their business.Regional OverviewAfrica  Middle East & Eastern EuropeNet revenue (beia) grew 3.6% organically  with total consolidated volume declining 8.6% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 13.4%. Price mix on a constant geographic basis was up 14.4% driven by strong pricing across the region to offset inflation  particularly in Ethiopia  and continued positive mix impact from premiumisation.grew 3.6% organically  with total consolidated volume declining 8.6% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 13.4%. Price mix on a constant geographic basis was up 14.4% driven by strong pricing across the region to offset inflation  particularly in Ethiopia  and continued positive mix impact from premiumisation. Beer volume decreased organically by 8.3% with a significant decline in Nigeria and South Africa  only partially offset by a strong performance in Ethiopia. Premium beer volume excluding Russia declined by a low-single-digit and grew in half of our markets.decreased organically by 8.3% with a significant decline in Nigeria and South Africa  only partially offset by a strong performance in Ethiopia. Premium beer volume excluding Russia declined by a low-single-digit and grew in half of our markets. In Nigeria   net revenue (beia) declined in the low-teens  with pricing only partially offsetting a total volume decline in the mid-twenties  in line with the market. The economy suffered from temporary lack of availability of local currency  caused by an immediate withdrawal of old bank note denominations  impacting consumers' ability to purchase goods. We expect the situation to improve as the validity of the old bank notes has been restored until the end of 2023 alongside the redesigned banknotes. Despite these challenges  the premium portfolio grew by a mid-single-digit  with Desperados more than doubling volume versus the same period last year.  net revenue (beia) declined in the low-teens  with pricing only partially offsetting a total volume decline in the mid-twenties  in line with the market. The economy suffered from temporary lack of availability of local currency  caused by an immediate withdrawal of old bank note denominations  impacting consumers' ability to purchase goods. We expect the situation to improve as the validity of the old bank notes has been restored until the end of 2023 alongside the redesigned banknotes. Despite these challenges  the premium portfolio grew by a mid-single-digit  with Desperados more than doubling volume versus the same period last year. In Ethiopia   net revenue (beia) grew by more than sixty percent  led by strong pricing and volume growth. Beer volume grew in the high-teens  and we further secured our market leadership positions  led by Harar and Walia. The premium portfolio grew in the thirties  led by Bedele Special. Ethiopia continues to be a hyperinflation country.  net revenue (beia) grew by more than sixty percent  led by strong pricing and volume growth. Beer volume grew in the high-teens  and we further secured our market leadership positions  led by Harar and Walia. The premium portfolio grew in the thirties  led by Bedele Special. Ethiopia continues to be a hyperinflation country. In South Africa   net revenue (beia) declined by a mid-single-digit as strong pricing and mix development was partially offset by a mid-teens total volume decline. A severe disruption at our brewery in Sedibeng due to a boiler breakdown impacted volume performance in the quarter. After a long process  on 9 March  the South African Competition Tribunal approved HEINEKEN's offer to acquire control of Distell Group Holdings Limited (Distell)  paving the way for the creation of a Southern African beverage champion. The transaction with Distell and Namibian Breweries Limited (NBL) is expected to be completed next week on 26 April. 2  net revenue (beia) declined by a mid-single-digit as strong pricing and mix development was partially offset by a mid-teens total volume decline. A severe disruption at our brewery in Sedibeng due to a boiler breakdown impacted volume performance in the quarter. After a long process  on 9 March  the South African Competition Tribunal approved HEINEKEN's offer to acquire control of Distell Group Holdings Limited (Distell)  paving the way for the creation of a Southern African beverage champion. The transaction with Distell and Namibian Breweries Limited (NBL) is expected to be completed next week on 26 April. In Egypt   net revenue (beia) grew in the high-teens  driven by pricing. Total volume grew with a mid-single-digit  led by the growth of the non-alcoholic portfolio. Beer volume declined with a low-single-digit.  net revenue (beia) grew in the high-teens  driven by pricing. Total volume grew with a mid-single-digit  led by the growth of the non-alcoholic portfolio. Beer volume declined with a low-single-digit. We continue to make progress to transfer the ownership of our business in Russia and an application has been submitted for approval to the authorities in the Russian Federation in-line with local regulatory requirements. There is a limit to what we can say before this process is completed. If and when we have approval  we will share further details about the buyer and agreement.AmericasNet revenue (beia) grew 14.8% organically  with total consolidated volume up 3.1% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 12.0%. Price mix on a constant geographic basis was up by 13.6%  led by pricing in Brazil and Mexico and continued premiumisation of the portfolio.grew 14.8% organically  with total consolidated volume up 3.1% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 12.0%. Price mix on a constant geographic basis was up by 13.6%  led by pricing in Brazil and Mexico and continued premiumisation of the portfolio. Beer volume increased organically by 3.4% in the quarter led by Brazil  Mexico  Panama and Ecuador. Our premium portfolio grew by a high-single-digit  led by Heineken ® in Brazil and the USA  and Amstel Ultra in Mexico.increased organically by 3.4% in the quarter led by Brazil  Mexico  Panama and Ecuador. Our premium portfolio grew by a high-single-digit  led by Heineken in Brazil and the USA  and Amstel Ultra in Mexico. In Mexico   net revenue (beia) grew in the mid-teens  driven by pricing and volume growth. Beer volume grew by a low-single-digit. Premium beer volume increased in the low-twenties  led by Sol Mezclas  Amstel Ultra and Heineken ® Silver.  net revenue (beia) grew in the mid-teens  driven by pricing and volume growth. Beer volume grew by a low-single-digit. Premium beer volume increased in the low-twenties  led by Sol Mezclas  Amstel Ultra and Heineken Silver. In Brazil   net revenue (beia) grew in the mid-twenties  driven by pricing  premiumisation and volume growth. Beer volume grew by a high-single-digit  ahead of the market. Our premium and mainstream beer portfolio continued to outperform and grew in the mid-teens  led by Heineken ® and Amstel. The economy beer portfolio declined by a high-single-digit.  net revenue (beia) grew in the mid-twenties  driven by pricing  premiumisation and volume growth. Beer volume grew by a high-single-digit  ahead of the market. Our premium and mainstream beer portfolio continued to outperform and grew in the mid-teens  led by Heineken and Amstel. The economy beer portfolio declined by a high-single-digit. In the USA  net revenue (beia) grew by a low-single-digit  driven by pricing and mix management  more than offsetting a mid-single-digit decline in volume. Heineken® depletions grew by a low-single-digit  driven by the continued momentum of Heineken® 0.0  up in the mid-teens  and the launch of Heineken® Silver.Asia PacificNet revenue (beia) declined 5.4% organically  with total consolidated volume declining 10.5% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 5.8%. Price mix on a constant geographic basis was up 4.7%  mainly driven by pricing across most markets.declined 5.4% organically  with total consolidated volume declining 10.5% and net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up 5.8%. Price mix on a constant geographic basis was up 4.7%  mainly driven by pricing across most markets. Beer volume declined organically by 10.5% in the quarter  impacted by the declines in Vietnam and Cambodia. Whilst the premium portfolio declined in the low-twenties driven by Vietnam  other markets contributed to an underlying mid-teens growth for the quarter.declined organically by 10.5% in the quarter  impacted by the declines in Vietnam and Cambodia. Whilst the premium portfolio declined in the low-twenties driven by Vietnam  other markets contributed to an underlying mid-teens growth for the quarter. In Vietnam   net revenue (beia) declined in the low-twenties  driven by lower volume. Following the steep post-COVID recovery of the market last year  we built stock levels ahead of an early Tet in 2023  expecting this momentum to continue. This momentum was halted early 2023 due to an economic slowdown  attributed in part to the real estate and export sectors. On a sell-out basis  our brand portfolio performed broadly in line with the market. Heineken ® Silver and Tiger Crystal grew in the high-teens and by more than thirty percent  respectively.  net revenue (beia) declined in the low-twenties  driven by lower volume. Following the steep post-COVID recovery of the market last year  we built stock levels ahead of an early Tet in 2023  expecting this momentum to continue. This momentum was halted early 2023 due to an economic slowdown  attributed in part to the real estate and export sectors. On a sell-out basis  our brand portfolio performed broadly in line with the market. Heineken Silver and Tiger Crystal grew in the high-teens and by more than thirty percent  respectively. In India   net revenue (beia) grew by a high-single-digit organically  driven by volume growth and pricing. Beer volume grew by a mid-single-digit  led by Kingfisher. The premium portfolio grew in the high-teens  led by Kingfisher Ultra and Heineken ® Silver.  net revenue (beia) grew by a high-single-digit organically  driven by volume growth and pricing. Beer volume grew by a mid-single-digit  led by Kingfisher. The premium portfolio grew in the high-teens  led by Kingfisher Ultra and Heineken Silver. In China   Heineken ® grew by close to fifty percent  with a strong performance of Heineken ® Original and Heineken ® Silver. Heineken ® 0.0 will be introduced in China later this year.  Heineken grew by close to fifty percent  with a strong performance of Heineken Original and Heineken Silver. Heineken 0.0 will be introduced in China later this year. In Cambodia   net revenue (beia) declined in the high-teens  driven by lower volume. Beer volume declined in the low-twenties  in line with the market  as the economy was off to a slow start this year. Premium beer volume grew by a low-single-digit  led by Tiger.  net revenue (beia) declined in the high-teens  driven by lower volume. Beer volume declined in the low-twenties  in line with the market  as the economy was off to a slow start this year. Premium beer volume grew by a low-single-digit  led by Tiger. In Malaysia   beer volume increased by a low-single-digit versus last year  led by Tiger. The premium portfolio outperformed  led by Heineken ® .  beer volume increased by a low-single-digit versus last year  led by Tiger. The premium portfolio outperformed  led by Heineken . In Indonesia  net revenue (beia) grew in the low-teens  driven by volume growth  pricing and premiumisation. Beer volume grew by a mid-single-digit  ahead of the market  despite poor weather in the first quarter. Heineken® grew in the mid-teens versus last year.EuropeNet revenue (beia) grew 13.5% organically  with total consolidated volume down 1.3%  performing ahead of our expectations as consumers remain resilient so far despite continued pressure from inflation across consumer goods. Net revenue (beia) per hectolitre increased by 13.9%. Price mix on a constant geographic basis was up by 13.6% driven by pricing  earlier than the industry and offsetting the continued impact of inflation  and premiumisation.grew 13.5% organically  with total consolidated volume down 1.3%  performing ahead of our expectations as consumers remain resilient so far despite continued pressure from inflation across consumer goods. Net revenue (beia) per hectolitre increased by 13.9%. Price mix on a constant geographic basis was up by 13.6% driven by pricing  earlier than the industry and offsetting the continued impact of inflation  and premiumisation. Beer volume declined organically by 2.3%  with high-single-digit volume growth in the on-trade more than offset by a mid-single-digit decline in the off-trade  partially affected by a shift in promotional activity in some markets towards later in the year. Our premium portfolio was broadly flat  with continued momentum on our Next Generation brands Birra Moretti  Beavertown  Messina  El Aguila  Texels and Gallia.declined organically by 2.3%  with high-single-digit volume growth in the on-trade more than offset by a mid-single-digit decline in the off-trade  partially affected by a shift in promotional activity in some markets towards later in the year. Our premium portfolio was broadly flat  with continued momentum on our Next Generation brands Birra Moretti  Beavertown  Messina  El Aguila  Texels and Gallia. In the UK   net revenue (beia) grew by a mid-single-digit  driven by pricing and premiumisation. Total volume declined by a high-single-digit  mainly driven by the off-trade. On-trade volume also declined  impacted by outlet closures. Our premium portfolio grew by a high-single-digit  led by Birra Moretti and Beavertown.  net revenue (beia) grew by a mid-single-digit  driven by pricing and premiumisation. Total volume declined by a high-single-digit  mainly driven by the off-trade. On-trade volume also declined  impacted by outlet closures. Our premium portfolio grew by a high-single-digit  led by Birra Moretti and Beavertown. In France   net revenue (beia) grew by a mid-single-digit  led by pricing and premiumisation. Total volume was down by a mid-single-digit. Our premium beer portfolio performed in line with total volume.  net revenue (beia) grew by a mid-single-digit  led by pricing and premiumisation. Total volume was down by a mid-single-digit. Our premium beer portfolio performed in line with total volume. In Spain   net revenue (beia) grew in the low-twenties  driven by pricing and mid-single-digit volume growth. Our premium portfolio grew by a low-single-digit  led by El Águila.  net revenue (beia) grew in the low-twenties  driven by pricing and mid-single-digit volume growth. Our premium portfolio grew by a low-single-digit  led by El Águila. In Italy   net revenue (beia) grew in the low-twenties  with volume up by a mid-single-digit and pricing to offset inflation. The solid growth was led by Heineken ® and Messina.  net revenue (beia) grew in the low-twenties  with volume up by a mid-single-digit and pricing to offset inflation. The solid growth was led by Heineken and Messina. In Poland   net revenue (beia) grew close to twenty percent  with pricing more than offsetting a low-single-digit volume decline. Beer volume and the premium portfolio declined by a low-single-digit  outperforming the market.  net revenue (beia) grew close to twenty percent  with pricing more than offsetting a low-single-digit volume decline. Beer volume and the premium portfolio declined by a low-single-digit  outperforming the market. In the Netherlands  net revenue (beia) grew in the low-teens  with strong pricing and mix benefits from premiumisation more than offsetting a high-single-digit volume decline. Our premium portfolio was broadly flat  led by double-digit growth in Birra Moretti and Texels.Reported Net ProfitThe reported net profit for the first three months of 2023 was €403 million (2022: €417 million).Business OutlookWe continue to experience the effects of a volatile global economy and remain cautious about the impact this has on consumer demand. At the same time  we are focused on strengthening our business in line with our EverGreen strategy  including investing behind our brands and innovations  and delivering upon our gross savings ambitions.Following the start of the year  we see signals of a relatively resilient Europe and risks of slower economic growth in Asia Pacific  thus performance across markets may be different than anticipated. All in all  our full year outlook remains unchanged  and we expect operating profit (beia) to grow organically mid- to high-single-digit. We also expect that the growth in operating profit (beia) will come mainly  if not fully  in the second half of the year.Consolidation impact of Newco in South AfricaHEINEKEN expects to consolidate the businesses resulting from the transaction with Distell and NBL as of 1 May 2023. The prospectus and other useful information can be found on our dedicated webpage for the Distell and NBL transaction  including the Newco Group Ownership Structure (Page 34 of the Prospectus) and the Pro Forma of Newco (Page 162 of the Prospectus).On 27 March  the Threshold Scheme Conditions of the transaction have been fulfilled  confirming that the shareholding of HEINEKEN in Newco would be 65%. As a result  the consolidation of the newly acquired assets will imply:Adding the in-scope assets of Distell and NBLRecognising the non-controlling interests of minorities of 40.63% in NBL and 35% in NewcoRemoving the non-controlling interest of NBL in HEINEKEN South Africa (HSA) and the share of profits in associates and joint ventures from HEINEKEN's current minority position in NBL.The table below illustrates  directionally  the impact of the consolidation using the full year results of HEINEKEN for 2022 and the Pro Forma financial information of Newco Group for the 12-month period concluded in June 2022 at an exchange rate of 19.95 ZAR per Euro.Impact of the consolidation of Newco into HEINEKEN - Illustrative In millions of € HEINEKEN (beia) Consolidation impact Consolidation impact (%) Revenue 34 643 1 632 4.7% Excise tax expense (5 949) (499) Net Revenue 28 694 1 133 3.9% Total net other expenses (24 192) (971) Operating profit 4 502 161 3.6% Net interest income/(expenses) (380) (7) Other net finance income/(expenses) (63) — Share of profit of assoc./JVs 263 1 Income tax expense (1 124) (50) Non-controlling interests (363) (56) Net profit 2 836 48 1.7% Diluted EPS (in €) 4.92 0.08 1.7%The illustration above considers the following:Pro Forma figures of Newco shown in the consolidation impact are reported figures. No adjustments are made related to accounting changes in Distell or NBL to align to HEINEKEN's policies  beyond those identified in the Newco Pro FormaThe Strongbow business is included in HEINEKEN's full year results of 2022  which is committed to be disposed of by Newco. Please refer to page 159 of the Prospectus for an indication of the financial information of StrongbowAll transaction costs and adjustments from the Purchase Price Allocation in the Newco Pro Forma are considered as exceptional items and thus excluded from the consolidation impact  although it is expected that adjustments to depreciation will not be treated as exceptionalThe minority shareholding of HEINEKEN in Capevin is excluded.Translational Currency Calculated ImpactBased on the impact to date  and applying spot rates of 17 April 2023 to the 2022 financial results as a baseline for the remainder of the year  the calculated negative currency translational impact for the full year of 2023 would be approximately €640 million in net revenue (beia)  €90 million at operating profit (beia) and €40 million at net profit (beia).Reconciliation of non-GAAP measuresIn the internal management reports  HEINEKEN uses the measure of net revenue (beia).Reconciliation net revenue (beia) In millions of € 1Q23 1Q22 Revenue (IFRS) 7 632 6 989 Excise tax expense (1 253) (1 236) Net revenue 6 379 5 753 Exceptional items included in net revenue (1) — Net revenue (beia) 6 378 5 753Note: due to rounding  this table will not always castEnquiriesMedia Investors Sarah Backhouse José Federico Castillo Martinez Director of Global Communication Director of Investor Relations Michael Fuchs Mark Matthews / Chris Steyn Corporate & Financial Communication Manager Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.com E-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-20-5239355 Tel: +31-20-5239590Conference Call DetailsHEINEKEN will host an analyst and investor conference call with Harold van den Broek  Chief Financial Officer  in relation to its First Quarter 2023 Trading Update and the transaction in South Africa today at 14:00 CET/ 13:00 GMT. The call will be audio cast live via the company’s website: www.theheinekencompany.com. An audio replay service will also be made available after the conference call at the above web address. Analysts and investors can dial-in using the following telephone numbers:United Kingdom (Local): 020 3936 2999Netherlands (Local): 085 888 7233USA (Local): 646 664 1960All other locations: +44 203 936 2999Participation password for all countries: 683288Editorial information:HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 85 000 employees  we brew the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. Our dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on our Company's website and follow us on LinkedIn   Twitter and Instagram .Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Disclaimer:This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions with regard to the financial position and results of HEINEKEN’s activities  anticipated developments and other factors. All statements other than statements of historical facts are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include  but are not limited to  statements and information in HEINEKEN’s non-financial reporting  such as HEINEKEN’s emissions reduction and other climate change related matters (including actions  potential impacts and risks associated therewith). These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “could”  “estimate”  “expect”  “goals”  “intend”  “may”  “milestones”  “objectives”  “outlook”  “plan”  “probably”  “project”  “risks”  “schedule”  “seek”  “should”  “target”  “will” and similar terms and phrases. These forward-looking statements  while based on management's current expectations and assumptions  are not guarantees of future performance since they are subject to numerous assumptions  known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which may change over time  that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Many of these risks and uncertainties relate to factors that are beyond HEINEKEN’s ability to control or estimate precisely  such as but not limited to future market and economic conditions  the behaviour of other market participants  changes in consumer preferences  the ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and achieve anticipated synergies  costs of raw materials and other goods and services  interest-rate and exchange-rate fluctuations  changes in tax rates  changes in law  environmental and physical risks  change in pension costs  the actions of government regulators and weather conditions. These and other risk factors are detailed in HEINEKEN’s publicly filed annual reports. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only of the date of this press release. HEINEKEN assumes no duty to and does not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Market share estimates contained in this press release are based on outside sources  such as specialised research institutes  in combination with management estimates.1 Refer to the Glossary for an explanation of organic growth and other terms used throughout this report.2 Page 5 of this press release includes an illustration of the consolidation effects of this transaction on HEINEKEN.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.16,0.3,True,English,"['Heineken N.V.', '2023 first-quarter trading', 'Dolf van den Brink', '1Q23 Total growth Organic growth', 'business digital (eB2B) platforms', 'future-fit digital route', '1Q23 Organic growth', 'total consolidated volume', 'Gross merchandise value', 'final regulatory approval', '2023 Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'gross savings programme', 'constant geographic basis', 'small positive impact', 'superior customer experience', 'Strong underlying momentum', 'positive growth momentum', 'temporary external factors', 'strong growth momentum', 'Driving Superior Growth', 'high-single-digit CEO Statement', '€150 million operating profit', 'Heineken N.V.', 'The Americas region', 'Premium beer volume', 'strong revenue growth', 'Asia Pacific regions', 'Heineken ® volume growth', 'full year expectations', 'Eastern Europe regions', '3.0% organic growth', 'eB2B platforms', 'double-digit growth', 'temporary volatility', 'Business performance', 'trading update', 'Key Highlights', 'Executive Board', 'Americas regions', 'Middle East', 'United States', '5,400 new colleagues', 'Namibian Breweries', 'African footprint', 'brand name', 'fair, inclusive', 'equitable workplace', 'economic environment', 'Price mix', 'mix management', 'Currency translation', 'Mexican Peso', 'Brazilian Real', 'Consolidation changes', 'Driving premiumisation', 'consumer-centric innovation', 'global expansion', 'taste proposition', 'US consumers', 'productivity gains', 'platform solutions', 'comparable period', 'Net revenue', 'revenue management', '1Q22 Revenue', 'Heineken® volume', 'last year', 'Heineken® Silver', 'first quarter', 'consistent progress', 'key markets', 'South Africa', 'consumer demand', '6 markets', '25 markets', 'Amsterdam', '19 April', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIA', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', 'hectolitre', 'Russia', 'Outlook', 'beia', 'Chairman', 'pricing', 'investment', 'brands', 'Results', 'Vietnam', 'Nigeria', 'softness', 'EverGreen', 'Distell', 'transition', 'commitment', 'world', 'force', 'fuel', 'strategy', 'inflation', 'Revenue1', 'IFRS', 'declines', 'mhl', 'scale', 'sales', 'portfolio', 'double-digits', 'China', 'low-single-digit', 'USA', 'UK', 'Spain', 'Netherlands', 'service', 'speed', 'increase', 'Mexico', '5.', '47']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,marketscreener.com
23326,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ion-owned-list-upgrades-fasttrade-solution-successfully-migrates-clients-onto-euronexts-optiq-trading-platform-301800698.html,ION-owned LIST upgrades FastTrade solution  successfully migrates clients onto Euronext's Optiq trading platform,MILAN  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- LIST  an ION company  has successfully updated its award-winning market making and trading FastTrade solution  facilitating the migration of Borsa Italiana trading clients onto Euronext's Optiq technology trading platform…,"MILAN  April 19  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- LIST  an ION company  has successfully updated its award-winning market making and trading FastTrade solution  facilitating the migration of Borsa Italiana trading clients onto Euronext's Optiq technology trading platform.The client migration follows Euronext's acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Cash and Derivatives markets exchange in April 2021. Euronext  the pan-European stock exchange and market infrastructure  is replacing the Borsa Italiana exchange's previous Millennium technology with its cutting-edge Optiq trading platform.LIST's upgraded FastTrade solution is fully customizable and offers advanced trading functionalities specific to Euronext's Optiq technology trading platform. This includes order collection (OMS) smart order routing  execution algos (for equity and fixed income)  risk management  quoting  and pricing.To ensure clients migrated successfully  LIST activated new data centers  communication lines  and software versions to support changes in market models and workflows. These initiatives demonstrate LIST's commitment to providing the best possible solutions for Italian financial markets and reaffirm its position as a trusted technology partner. The migration gives Italian trading clients access to a rich international investor base  and an enhanced range of products and services.""With LIST technology processing over 65% of equity order flows from Italian market members daily  it was crucial that our FastTrade upgrade and deployment enabled a seamless transition to Euronext's Optiq platform. This required a huge amount of development and included a major software release "" says Vito Mangiaracina  Chief Technology Officer at LIST. ""Thanks to the dedication  professionalism  and teamwork across LIST  we achieved our goal of migrating our clients  and the trading and surveillance product lines.""""The migration to Optiq presented multiple challenges  including change in the technology stack and new hosting infrastructure "" adds Flavio Mazzarotto  Chief Services Officer at LIST. ""We developed this carefully alongside our clients  from detailing the migration roadmap to supporting them during preliminary test phases. Our efforts paid off on migration day; our clients went live on the new system with zero impact on activity on other markets.""About IONION provides mission-critical trading and workflow automation software  high-value analytics and insights  and strategic consulting to financial institutions  central banks  governments  and corporates. Our solutions and services simplify complex processes  boost efficiency  and enable better decision-making. We build long-term partnerships with our clients  helping transform their business for sustained success through continuous innovation. For more information  visit https://iongroup.com/.About ION MarketsION Markets provides transformative technology and solutions to financial institutions dealing in equities  fixed income  foreign exchange  cleared derivatives  asset management  and secured funding. Our award-winning end-to-end solutions simplify clients' operations by automating the full trade lifecycle  providing tools to manage risk  and maximizing access to liquidity  while giving real-time access to critical information for timely operational decisions and execution on a global scale. For more information  visit https://iongroup.com/markets/.About LISTAn ION company  LIST is a leading financial technology provider to the global trading community  including trading venues  market makers  brokers  asset managers  risk managers  and compliance officers. LIST's innovative turnkey products and delivery  driven by customers' needs  together with a skilled  and determined young team play a key role in supporting successful business growth in today's volatile times. Continuous innovation and client partnerships around the globe have built trust and reliance on LIST's unique real-time and data analytics capabilities.All product and company names herein may be trademarks of their registered owners.SOURCE ION",neutral,0.33,0.67,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['Optiq trading platform', 'FastTrade solution', 'clients', 'Euronext', 'rich international investor base', 'leading financial technology provider', 'cutting-edge Optiq trading platform', 'Optiq technology trading platform', 'Borsa Italiana trading clients', 'Borsa Italiana Cash', 'Borsa Italiana exchange', 'previous Millennium technology', 'trusted technology partner', 'Chief Technology Officer', 'preliminary test phases', 'full trade lifecycle', 'timely operational decisions', 'determined young team', 'advanced trading functionalities', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'smart order routing', 'new data centers', 'major software release', 'workflow automation software', 'data analytics capabilities', 'global trading community', 'Italian market members', 'new hosting infrastructure', 'innovative turnkey products', 'successful business growth', 'best possible solutions', 'Chief Services Officer', 'equity order flows', 'Italian financial markets', 'Italian trading clients', 'surveillance product lines', 'Derivatives markets exchange', 'Optiq platform', 'technology stack', 'transformative technology', 'mission-critical trading', 'trading venues', 'financial institutions', 'foreign exchange', 'market infrastructure', 'order collection', 'software versions', 'new system', 'communication lines', 'high-value analytics', 'global scale', 'market making', 'market models', 'market makers', 'LIST technology', 'FastTrade solution', 'fixed income', 'enhanced range', 'FastTrade upgrade', 'seamless transition', 'huge amount', 'Vito Mangiaracina', 'multiple challenges', 'Flavio Mazzarotto', 'zero impact', 'strategic consulting', 'central banks', 'complex processes', 'long-term partnerships', 'sustained success', 'continuous innovation', 'asset management', 'asset managers', 'compliance officers', ""customers' needs"", 'key role', 'volatile times', 'client partnerships', 'unique real-time', 'registered owners', 'SOURCE ION', 'other markets', 'end solutions', ""clients' operations"", 'risk management', 'risk managers', 'client migration', 'execution algos', 'migration roadmap', 'migration day', 'real-time access', 'critical information', 'company names', 'LIST.', 'MILAN', 'April', 'award-winning', 'Euronext', 'acquisition', 'OMS', 'pricing', 'changes', 'workflows', 'initiatives', 'commitment', 'position', 'deployment', 'development', 'dedication', 'professionalism', 'teamwork', 'goal', 'efforts', 'activity', 'insights', 'governments', 'corporates', 'efficiency', 'decision-making', 'iongroup', 'equities', 'secured', 'funding', 'tools', 'liquidity', 'brokers', 'delivery', 'today', 'globe', 'reliance', 'trademarks']",2023-04-19,2023-04-20,prnewswire.com
23327,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/publication-relating-transparency-notifications-203000278.html,Publication Relating to Transparency Notifications,REGULATED INFOMATION Publication Relating to Transparency Notifications Mont-Saint-Guibert (Belgium)  April 20  2023  10.30pm CET / 4.30pm ET – In accordance with article 14 of the Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of large shareholdings ,NyxoahREGULATED INFOMATIONPublication Relating to Transparency NotificationsMont-Saint-Guibert (Belgium)  April 20  2023  10.30pm CET / 4.30pm ET – In accordance with article 14 of the Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of large shareholdings  Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) announces that it received two transparency notifications as detailed below.Together PartnershipOn April 18  2023  Nyxoah received a transparency notification from Together Partnership following the crossing of the 10% threshold by Together Partnership on March 30  2023. As of such date  Together Partnership held 2 948 285 shares  representing 10.42% of the total number of voting rights on March 30  2023 (28 286 985).The notification dated April 17  2023 contains the following information:Reason for the notification: acquisition or disposal of voting securities or voting rightsNotification by: a person that notifies alonePersons subject to the notification requirement: Together Partnership (with address at Van Putlei 31  2018 Antwerp)Date on which the threshold was crossed: March 30  2023Threshold that is crossed: 10%Denominator: 28 286 985Notified details:A) Voting rights Previous notification After the transaction # of voting rights # of voting rights % of voting rights Holders of voting rights Linked to securities Not linked to thesecurities Linked to securities Not linked to thesecurities Together Partnership 2 503 500 2 948 285 10.42% TOTAL 2 948 285 0 10.42% 0.00%Chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively held: Together Partnership is not a controlled entity.ResMed Inc .On April 18  2023  Nyxoah received a transparency notification from ResMed Inc. following the crossing of the 5% threshold by ResMed Inc. on March 30  2023. As of such date  ResMed Inc. held 1 499 756 shares  representing 5.30% of the total number of voting rights on March 30  2023 (28 286 985).Story continuesThe notification dated April 16  2023 contains the following information:Reason for the notification: acquisition or disposal of voting securities or voting rightsNotification by: a person that notifies alonePersons subject to the notification requirement: ResMed Inc. (with address at 9001 Spectrum Center Boulevard  San Diego  CA 92123  USA)Date on which the threshold was crossed: March 30  2023Threshold that is crossed: 5%Denominator: 28 286 985Notified details:A) Voting rights Previous notification After the transaction # of voting rights # of voting rights % of voting rights Holders of voting rights Linked to securities Not linked to thesecurities Linked to securities Not linked to thesecurities ResMed Inc. 794 235 1 499 756 TOTAL 1 499 756 0 5.30% 0.00%Chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively held: No indirect holding of voting securities. ResMed Inc. is not a controlled entity.** *Contact:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 1313Attachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,positive,0.52,0.42,0.06,True,English,"['Transparency Notifications', 'Publication', 'REGULATED INFOMATION Publication', '9001 Spectrum Center Boulevard', 'Chief Strategy Officer', 'two transparency notifications', 'large shareholdings', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'voting rights', 'following information', 'Van Putlei', 'Notified details', 'controlled undertakings', 'controlled entity', 'ResMed Inc', 'San Diego', 'total number', 'Together Partnership', 'notification requirement', 'Previous notification', 'David DeMartino', 'indirect holding', 'voting securities', 'Nyxoah SA', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'April', '10.30pm', '4.30pm', 'accordance', 'article', 'Act', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'NYXH', 'crossing', '10% threshold', 'March', 'date', '2,948,285 shares', 'Reason', 'acquisition', 'disposal', 'person', 'address', 'Antwerp', 'Denominator', 'Holders', 'Chain', '5% threshold', '1,499,756 shares', 'Story', 'USA', 'Attachment']",2023-04-20,2023-04-20,uk.finance.yahoo.com
23328,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.stltoday.com/video_1e510e69-dd85-595c-96d7-b191a240bb3e.html,French protesters stormed Paris Euronext building in anger over pension law,French pension-reform protesters stormed the entrance hall of stock market operator Euronext in Paris' La Defense business district  as opposition to French President Emmanuel Macron’s pension reform,French pension-reform protesters stormed the entrance hall of stock market operator Euronext in Paris' La Defense business district  as opposition to French President Emmanuel Macron’s pension reform lingers even after the plan was enacted earlier this month. Veuer’s Maria Mercedes Galuppo has the story.,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['Paris Euronext building', 'French protesters', 'pension law', 'anger', ""Paris' La Defense business district"", 'French President Emmanuel Macron', 'French pension-reform protesters', 'stock market operator', 'Maria Mercedes Galuppo', 'entrance hall', 'pension reform', 'Euronext', 'opposition', 'plan', 'Veuer', 'story']",2023-04-20,2023-04-20,stltoday.com
23329,EuroNext,Bing API,https://dunyanews.tv/en/World/717696-Police-block-protesters-as-Macron-faces-down-hostile-crowds-in-rural-Fra,Police block protesters as Macron faces down hostile crowds in rural France,French police fired teargas Thursday in a village in southern France where President Emmanuel Macron visited a school  a day after he was booed and heckled over his unpopular pension reform. After facing angry voters on Wednesday in eastern Alsace ,"Police block protesters as Macron faces down hostile crowds in rural FranceWorld World Police block protesters as Macron faces down hostile crowds in rural FrancePolice block protesters as Macron faces down hostile crowds in rural France20 April 2023 10:05 pm(AFP) – French police fired teargas Thursday in a village in southern France where President Emmanuel Macron visited a school  a day after he was booed and heckled over his unpopular pension reform.After facing angry voters on Wednesday in eastern Alsace  the 45-year-old head of state traveled to the southern Herault region on Thursday to discuss education.The trips outside Paris are intended to signal his desire to turn the page on his unpopular pensions changes and demonstrate he is not hiding from voters  many of whom have been outraged by the way the legislation was passed.Saying he wanted to ""acknowledge and pay teachers better""  the 45-year-old former investment banker announced at a school in the village of Ganges that they would receive between 100-230 euros ($110-250) more a month after tax from September.In the run-up to his speech  police fired teargas when hundreds of people shouting ""Macron  resign!"" and blowing whistles tried to advance towards the school.Local authorities also announced a ban on ""portable sound equipment""  which a spokesman said was meant to target amplifiers and speakers.But the regional head of the CGT union  Mathieu Guy  told AFP that protesters had also been prevented from entering the secure area close to the school with pans as well as local flutes  known as ""fifres"".Macron's left-wing political opponents urged their supporters to bash pans during Macron's televised address to the nation on Monday evening and the age-old protest tactic appears to be becoming an audible sign of discontent with Macron's policies.'Democratic crisis'The apparent pan ban led to ridicule on Thursday  with Communist party spokesman Ian Brossat saying he ""couldn't wait for the legislation which will ban the sale of saucepans.""""Is it possible to leave a democratic crisis behind by banning saucepans?"" asked leading Greens MP  Sandrine Rousseau.Speaking to voters on Wednesday  Macron argued again that raising the retirement age from 62 to 64 was necessary to help France reduce its public spending and bring the country into line with its European neighbors.He signed the legislation into law on Friday evening after a green light from the country's constitutional court.Other protests continued on Thursday  with union members entering the headquarters of the pan-European stock exchange Euronext in the main Paris business district.Demonstrators also forced their way into the headquarters of the LVMH luxury goods empire last Thursday.Some rail workers also went on strike again on Thursday  forcing the cancellation of one in five regional trains and some commuter services.",negative,0.01,0.16,0.83,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['hostile crowds', 'rural France', 'Police', 'protesters', 'Macron', 'rural France World World Police block protesters', 'pan-European stock exchange Euronext', 'LVMH luxury goods empire', '45-year-old former investment banker', 'main Paris business district', 'unpopular pension reform', 'unpopular pensions changes', 'portable sound equipment', 'left-wing political opponents', 'age-old protest tactic', 'leading Greens MP', 'southern Herault region', 'five regional trains', 'apparent pan ban', 'Communist party spokesman', 'President Emmanuel Macron', 'southern France', '45-year-old head', 'regional head', 'French police', 'hostile crowds', 'eastern Alsace', '100-230 euros', 'Local authorities', 'CGT union', 'Mathieu Guy', 'secure area', 'local flutes', 'Monday evening', 'audible sign', 'Democratic crisis', 'Ian Brossat', 'Sandrine Rousseau', 'retirement age', 'public spending', 'European neighbors', 'Friday evening', 'green light', 'constitutional court', 'Other protests', 'union members', 'rail workers', 'commuter services', 'angry voters', '20 April', 'teargas', 'village', 'school', 'Wednesday', 'state', 'Thursday', 'education', 'trips', 'desire', 'page', 'way', 'legislation', 'teachers', 'Ganges', 'tax', 'September', 'run-up', 'speech', 'hundreds', 'people', 'whistles', 'amplifiers', 'speakers', 'AFP', 'pans', 'fifres', 'supporters', 'address', 'nation', 'discontent', 'policies', 'ridicule', 'sale', 'country', 'line', 'law', 'headquarters', 'Demonstrators', 'strike', 'cancellation', '05']",2023-04-20,2023-04-20,dunyanews.tv
23330,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/genomic-vision-2022-annual-results-163000999.html,Genomic Vision: 2022 Annual Results,"Genomic Vision (FR0011799907 – GV  – the ""Company"") (Paris:GV)  a Euronext-listed biotechnology company that develops products and services for the highly accurate characterization of DNA sequences  today reported its annual financial results for the year ended December 31 ","Revenues up 5% to €1.5 million in 2022Implementation of financing line with Winance strengthens 12 months financial visibilityExperienced leadership in place to deliver strategic objectivesBAGNEUX  France  April 20  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News;:Genomic Vision (FR0011799907 – GV  – the ""Company"") (Paris:GV)  a Euronext-listed biotechnology company that develops products and services for the highly accurate characterization of DNA sequences  today reported its annual financial results for the year ended December 31  20221.2022 annual results(in € thousands – IFRS) 2022 2021 Sales 1026 994 Other revenue 455 419 Total revenue from activity 1 481 1 413 Current operating expenses -7 537 -6 274 Current operating loss -6 056 -4 860 Other operating expenses/income -66 -34 Operating loss -6 122 -4 865 Cost of financial debt and other financial expenses/income -668 -66 Net loss -6 790 -4 998Total revenue from business activity was €1.481 million in the year ended December 31  2022  a 5% increase compared with the year ended December 31  2021  and consisted of:Sales of products and services totaling €1 026 thousand in 2022  a 3% increase compared to 2021. During the course of the period  the Company not only enhanced its offerings but also made significant improvements in logistics and customer relationship management  which contributed to the increased revenue.Other revenue of €455 thousand during the period relates to a Research Tax Credit. The increase in revenue reflects the Company's increased focus on R&D throughout the year.Operating expenses increased by 20% in line with the Company’s focus on delivering high-quality genomic solutions to improve quality control and bioproduction standards. In addition to the cost of sales  cost primarily relate to:€3 million in R&D spending  up 16%  reflecting the Company's commitment to high-value projects  such as the FiberSmart® software suite  launched in March 2023  telomere applications  gene editing and bioproduction applications. Furthermore  since 2022  the Company has been collaborating with Cambridge Consultants for the development of an innovative microfluidic platform  aiming to develop a fully integrated and automated workflow  from sample DNA preparation to AI-driven image analysis.Story continues€0.7 million in Sales & Marketing expenditure  down 36% compared to December 31  2021 that relates directly to the team reorganization in this department;€3 million in General & Administrative expenses  up 49% compared to December 31  2021 and explained by the following: €0.7 million cost provision linked to the departure of the former Governance Committee of the Company €0.3 million strategic study €0.2 million engineering costs with Cambridge Consultants relating to development of the Company’s next generation technology platformThe operating loss and net loss at December 31  2022 increased to -€6.1 million and -€6.8 million  respectively  up 25% and 36% compared to the previous year. This rise in losses is mainly due to the execution of a strategic shift that necessitated a change in governance and significant investment in the Company’s next generation technology platform.The Company’s total headcount was 36 people at December 31  2022  consistent with the previous closing.Financial structureAs of December 31  2022  Genomic Vision had cash and cash equivalents of €0.76 million versus €0.5 million on September 30  2022. The cash use of the Company is related to the day-to-day activities and the gradual implementation of its strategic plan.Considering the updated projections for sales growth  investments in R&D  sales  marketing  general expenses  along with the associated working capital estimates and the contract established with Winance  Genomic Vision possesses the necessary resources to sustain its business development efforts throughout the upcoming 12 months.As disclosed in the press release dated May 20  2022  the Company signed a contract with Winance to set-up a financing line by issuing convertible bonds (the ""OC"") into ordinary shares to each of which will be attached a share subscription warrant (the ""BSA"" and together with the shares to which they are attached the ""ABSA"" and with the OC the ""OCABSA"")  for a maximum total amount of €28.8 million (€30 million nominal value). The extraordinary shareholders meeting of the Company held on May 23  2022 approved the implementation of this financing line.The Company can potentially use  as of December 31  2022  up to €26.88 million (€28 million nominal value) out of its financing program. The main terms of this program structured in 15 tranches of OCABSA are described in the prospectus approved by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on May 20  2022 under no. 22-170  consisting of the universal registration document filed on April 14  2022 under number D.22-0293  the amendment to the universal registration document filed on May 20  2022 under number D.22-0293-A01  a transaction note and a summary  available at the Company's registered office (80/84 Rue des Meuniers  92220 Bagneux)  on the Company's website (www.genomicvision.com) and on that of the AMF (www.amf-france.org).The investment and growth financing requirements are based on the following key strategic priorities:Acceleration in the launch of high value-add applications into the bioproduction markets and cell & gene therapy marketsImprovement in the performances and design of new products  notably in bioinformatics to enhance the Company’ sales offeringRapid strengthening of the sales teams  by recruiting talented new staffGovernanceThe Supervisory Board is composed of:Mrs. Florence Allouche  independent President of the Supervisory BoardMr. Eric Edery  independent vice-president of the Supervisory BoardMr. Mohammad Afshar  independent member of the Supervisory BoardThe Executive Board is composed of:Mr. Aaron Bensimon  President of the Executive Board and VP Sciences and TechnologiesMr. Lionel Seltz  member of the Executive Board and CFOMrs. Emilie Chataignier  member of the Executive BoardAs a reminder  the Company's governance committees underwent significant changes after the General Assembly held on July 11  2022  and the subsequent Supervisory Board meeting on July 21 2022.During the shareholders' General Meeting  the decision was made to revoke the mandates of Mrs. Elisabeth Ourliac  Mrs. Tammou Abikhzer  and Mr. Stéphane Verdood as members of the Company's Supervisory Board  effectively ending Mrs. Elisabeth Ourliac's and Mr. Stéphane Verdood's tenure as Chair and Vice-Chair of the Supervisory Board. Shareholders' also voted to revoke Mrs. Dominique Remy-Renou's mandate as a member of the Executive Board.Following these decisions at the General Meeting  the Company's shareholders approved the appointment of Mrs. Florence Allouche  Mr. Mohammad Afshar  and Mr. Eric Edery as independent members of the Supervisory Board for a six-year term  as stipulated in the Company's articles of association.Subsequently  the newly formed Supervisory Board unanimously appointed the Executive Board members as presented above on July 21  2022.***Upcoming financial publicationURD  Universal Registration Document  on Thursday April 27 th   2023Revenue for the first quarter of 2022  on Thursday May 4th  2023***ABOUT GENOMIC VISIONGENOMIC VISION is a biotechnology company developing products and services dedicated to the structural and functional analysis of genome modifications as well as to the quality and safety control of these modifications  in particular in genome editing technologies and biomanufacturing processes. Genomic Vision proprietary products and services  based on DNA combing technology and artificial intelligence  provide robust quantitative measurements needed for high confidence characterization of DNA alteration in the genome. These products and services are also used for monitoring DNA replication in cells to improve anti-cancerous drugs development. Genomic Vision  based near Paris in Bagneux  is a public company listed in compartment C of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Euronext: GV – ISIN: FR0011799907).Member of the CAC® Mid & Small and CAC® All-Tradable indicesFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTGenomic Vision has set up a financing line in the form of convertible notes with warrants (OCABSA) with Winance  which does not intend to remain a shareholder of the company  after receiving the shares resulting from the conversion or exercise of the securities.The shares resulting from the conversion or exercise of the aforementioned securities will  in general  be sold on the market very quickly  which is likely to create strong downward pressure on the share price as well as a strong dilution.Shareholders could therefore suffer a loss of their invested capital due to a significant decrease in the value of the company's shares. The company has carried out several dilutive financing operations  and investors are advised to be very careful before making a decision to invest in the company's securities.This press release contains implicitly or explicitly certain forward-looking statements concerning Genomic Vision and its business. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Genomic Vision considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that such forward-looking statements will be verified  which statements are subject to numerous risks  including the risks set forth in the ""Risk Factors"" section of the universal registration document filed with the AMF on April 14  2022 under reference number R.22-0293  as updated by the amendment filed with the AMF on May 20  2022  under number D.22-0293-A01  available on the web site of Genomic Vision (www.genomicvision.com) and to the development of economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Genomic Vision operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Genomic Vision or not currently considered material by Genomic Vision. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause actual results  financial conditions  performance or achievements of Genomic Vision to be materially different from such forward-looking statements.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute and should not be construed as an offer or an invitation to sell or subscribe  or the solicitation of any order or invitation to purchase or subscribe for Genomic Vision shares in any country. The distribution of this press release in certain countries may be a breach of applicable laws. The persons in possession of this press release must inquire about any local restrictions and comply with these restrictions.1 Financial statements were audited and approved by the Supervisory Board on April 19  2022. URD  Universal Registration Document  provided in due timeView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230420005802/en/ContactsGenomic VisionAaron BensimonPresident of the Executive BoardTel.: +33 1 49 08 07 51investisseurs@genomicvision.comUlysse CommunicationMedia RelationsBruno ArabianTél.: +33 1 42 68 29 70barabian@ulysse-communication.comConsilium Strategic CommunicationsInternational Investor Relations& Strategic CommunicationsTel.: +44 (0) 20 3709 5700GenomicVision@consilium-comms.comNewCapFrance Investor Relations& Strategic CommunicationsTel.: +33 1 44 71 94 94gv@newcap.eu",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.17,0.38,True,English,"['Genomic Vision', '2022 Annual Results', '0.3 million strategic study €0.2 million engineering costs', '80/84 Rue des Meuniers', 'next generation technology platform', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'million nominal value', 'innovative microfluidic platform', 'customer relationship management', 'Research Tax Credit', 'FiberSmart® software suite', 'AI-driven image analysis', 'working capital estimates', 'share subscription warrant', 'extraordinary shareholders meeting', 'universal registration document', '€0.7 million cost provision', 'sample DNA preparation', 'high-quality genomic solutions', 'maximum total amount', '12 months financial visibility', 'Current operating expenses', 'former Governance Committee', 'Current operating loss', 'R&D spending', 'annual financial results', 'other financial expenses', 'Other operating expenses', 'Euronext-listed biotechnology company', 'business development efforts', 'strategic objectives', '2022 annual results', 'strategic shift', 'strategic plan', 'financial debt', 'Financial structure', 'DNA sequences', 'Administrative expenses', 'upcoming 12 months', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Genomic Vision', 'total headcount', 'Net loss', 'Other revenue', 'Experienced leadership', 'Regulatory News', 'accurate characterization', 'significant improvements', 'quality control', 'bioproduction standards', 'high-value projects', 'telomere applications', 'gene editing', 'bioproduction applications', 'Cambridge Consultants', 'automated workflow', 'team reorganization', 'significant investment', 'previous closing', 'general expenses', 'necessary resources', 'press release', 'convertible bonds', 'main terms', 'transaction note', 'registered office', 'Total revenue', 'business activity', 'financing line', 'cash equivalents', 'cash use', 'Paris:GV', 'Marketing expenditure', 'day activities', 'ordinary shares', 'financing program', 'gradual implementation', 'The Company', 'previous year', 'sales growth', 'Revenues', 'Winance', 'place', 'BAGNEUX', 'France', 'April', 'products', 'services', 'December', 'thousands', 'IFRS', 'income', '5% increase', '3% increase', 'course', 'period', 'offerings', 'logistics', 'focus', 'addition', 'commitment', 'integrated', 'Story', 'department', 'departure', 'rise', 'losses', 'execution', 'change', '36 people', 'September', 'projections', 'investments', 'contract', 'BSA', 'May', '15 tranches', 'prospectus', 'AMF', 'number', 'amendment', 'summary']",2023-04-20,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
23331,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-04/58869757-dms-group-record-quarterly-revenue-eur-10-1-million-in-the-1st-quarter-of-2023-organic-growth-16-confirmation-of-2023-targets-and-perspectives-650.htm,DMS GROUP: Record quarterly revenue: EUR 10.1 million in the 1st quarter of 2023  organic growth +16% - Confirmation of 2023 targets and perspectives,Record quarterly revenue: €10.1 million in the 1st quarter of 2023  organic growth +16% Radiology: 6% growth in 1st quarter / +22% in the United States / First deliveries of record order from Fujifilm,"Record quarterly revenue: €10.1 million in the 1st quarter of 2023  organic growth +16%Radiology : 6% growth in 1 st quarter / +22% in the United States / First deliveries of record order from Fujifilm Healthcare Italy will begin 2 nd quarterBone densitometry: strong quarterly growth: +69%Confirmation of 2023 targets and perspectives€40 million in revenue   i.e.  double-digit organic growthExpected increase in EBITDA marginDiagnostic Medical Systems Group (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0012202497 - ALDMS) French medical imaging specialist  announces its consolidated revenue for the 1st quarter of 2023 (period from January 1 to March 31  2023). Following the divestment of 17.00% of Hybrigenics' capital in February 2023[1]  the DMS Group currently retains a 24.77% stake in the capital. As of January 1  2023 Hybrigenics is no longer consolidated in the DMS Group accounts.Unaudited consolidated data in M€IFRS standards 1st quarter 2023 1st quarter 2022 Variation Revenue 10.1 8.7[2] +16% Radiology activity 7.7 7.3 +6% Bone densitometry activity 2.4 1.4 +69%The DMS Group generated consolidated revenue of €10.1 million in the 1st quarter 2023 representing +16% of organic growth2 and marking the largest quarterly revenue ever earned in a 1st quarter.Review by activityIn Radiology  revenue amounted to €7.7 million  a quarterly growth of +6%. 1st quarter activity did not include any deliveries of the 96 FDX Visionary-RF Premium remote-controlled radiology tables won in a tender by Fujifilm Healthcare Italy[3]. The first deliveries for this order will begin in the 2nd quarter of 2023 and will ramp up throughout the year.The Radiology business continued its strong development in the United States at the start of the exercise  with +22% growth in the region  driven by distribution agreements with Fujifilm Healthcare and Carestream Health. The DMS Group manufactures white-label remote-controlled radiology tables offered by:Fujifilm Healthcare in Europe  Africa  Middle East  and North America.Canon Medical Systems Europe in the Europe area.Carestream Health in North and South America.DMS Group also markets its solutions under its own brand  Apelem  to a network of 140 distributors around the world.In Bone densitometry  the Group registered a strong 1st quarter 2023  recording +69% growth. This performance reflects the success of our distribution agreement with Fujifilm Healthcare as well as an acceleration in sales in Europe and Asia  where sales activities had begun to resume at the end of 2022.Confirmation of 2023 revenue target: €40 millionAt the end of an historic 1st quarter  the Group remains confident in its objective of €40 million consolidated annual revenue. The Radiology activity will begin deliveries of the 96 tables to Fujifilm Healthcare Italy over the next few quarters  and sustained activity in both radiology and bone densitometry will allow the Group to reach double-digit organic growth compared to 2022.The Group also confirms the improvement in its profitability in 2023  with an expected improvement in its EBITDA margin[4].As set forth in the Imaging 2027 plan  the DMS Group has fixed the objectives of registering €60 million revenue and an EBITDA margin of 14% in 2027.Financial calendar 2023Date Event April 28  2023 Publication of 2022 annual results July 20  2023 Publication of 2023 half-year revenue September 29  2023 Publication of 2023 half-year results October 19  2023 Publication of 2023 3rd quarter revenue January 18  2024 Publication of 2023 annual revenue April 30  2024 Publication of 2023 annual resultsThe publications will be made after Euronext Paris market closing. These dates are given as an indication  they may be changed if necessary.About DMS GroupThe DMS Group is a French specialist and recognized player in medical imaging  with high-end imaging solutions dedicated to digital radiology and bone densitometry  through its DMS Imaging division.The DMS Group is on every continent through a network of over 140 national distributors  subsidiaries and joint ventures.DMS Group is quoted on the Paris Euronext market (ISIN: FR0012202497 - memo: ALDMS).More information on www.dms.com.FREE SUBSCRIPTION TO THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF DMS GROUP AT WWW.ACTUSNEWS.COM.ContactsDMS Group Samuel SANCERNI Chairman & CEO +33(0)4 67 50 49 00 ACTUS FINANCE Mathieu OMNES Investors relations +33(0)1 53 67 36 92 Fatou-Kiné N'DIAYE Press Relations +33(0)1 53 67 36 34[1]Read press release of February 8  2023.[2]Revenue for the 1st quarter of 2023 does not include revenue from Hybrigenics  which has been deconsolidated since January 1  2023. As a reminder  Hybrigenics had generated revenue of €0.2 million in the 1st quarter 2022.[3]Read press release of January 12  2023[4]EBITDA corresponds to the recurring operating income before interest  taxes  depreciations  and amortization.------------------------This publication embed ""Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key:yGlyk8lsk23Flm5wZsZqaGKVmGxiyGeZZ2aVnGdtaMedmW6RmZxoapyVZnBqmWtp- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.------------------------© Copyright Actusnews WireReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's freeFull and original release in PDF format:https://www.actusnews.com/documents_communiques/ACTUS-0-79463-dms-group_pr_q1-2023_20042023_en.pdf",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.28,0.26,True,English,"['Record quarterly revenue', 'DMS GROUP', '1st quarter', 'organic growth', 'Confirmation', '2023 targets', 'perspectives', 'ACTUS FINANCE Mathieu OMNES Investors relations', '96 FDX Visionary-RF Premium remote-controlled radiology tables', 'EBITDA margin Diagnostic Medical Systems Group', ""Fatou-Kiné N'DIAYE Press Relations"", 'DMS Group Samuel SANCERNI Chairman', 'white-label remote-controlled radiology tables', 'Canon Medical Systems Europe', 'Euronext Paris market closing', 'French medical imaging specialist', '€40 million consolidated annual revenue', 'Paris Euronext market', 'recurring operating income', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Unaudited consolidated data', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'DMS Imaging division', 'DMS Group accounts', 'The Radiology business', 'Fujifilm Healthcare Italy', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'The DMS Group', 'high-end imaging solutions', 'largest quarterly revenue', 'double-digit organic growth', 'strong quarterly growth', 'The Radiology activity', 'historic 1st quarter', 'Record quarterly revenue', '2023 3rd quarter revenue', 'strong 1st quarter', '1st quarter activity', 'Bone densitometry activity', 'French specialist', 'The Group', '€60 million revenue', 'press release', 'Imaging 2027 plan', 'consolidated revenue', 'strong development', 'digital radiology', 'organic growth2', '2022 annual results', '2023 annual revenue', '2023 annual results', 'WWW.ACTUSNEWS', 'sustained activity', '1 st quarter', '2nd quarter', 'United States', 'record order', 'IFRS standards', 'Variation Revenue', 'distribution agreements', 'Carestream Health', 'Middle East', 'Europe area', 'South America', '2023 revenue target', 'Financial calendar', 'Date Event', '2023 half-year revenue', '2023 half-year results', 'recognized player', 'joint ventures', 'More information', 'FREE SUBSCRIPTION', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', '96 tables', 'First deliveries', 'North America', 'sales activities', '140 national distributors', ""Hybrigenics' capital"", '6% growth', '+22% growth', '+69% growth', '140 distributors', 'Confirmation', '2023 targets', 'perspectives', 'increase', 'ALDMS', 'period', 'January', 'March', 'divestment', 'February', '24.77% stake', 'M€', 'Review', 'tender', 'start', 'exercise', 'region', 'Africa', 'brand', 'Apelem', 'network', 'world', 'performance', 'success', 'acceleration', 'Asia', 'objective', 'quarters', 'improvement', 'profitability', 'Publication', 'dates', 'indication', 'continent', 'subsidiaries', 'memo', 'Contacts', 'CEO', 'reminder', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciations', 'amortization']",2023-04-05,2023-04-20,finanznachrichten.de
23332,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.actusnews.com/en/dms-group/pr/2023/04/20/record-quarterly-revenue-eur-10_1-million-in-the-1st-quarter-of-2023-organic-growth-more-16-per-cent-confirmation-of-2023,Record quarterly revenue: EUR 10.1 million in the 1st quarter of 2023  organic growth +16% - Confirmation of 2023 targets and perspectives,EUR 10.1 million in the 1st quarter of 2023  organic growth +16% - Confirmation of 2023 targets and perspectives,20/04/2023 - 18:15Record quarterly revenue: €10.1 million in the 1st quarter of 2023  organic growth +16%Radiology : 6% growth in 1 st quarter / +22% in the United States / First deliveries of record order from Fujifilm Healthcare Italy will begin 2 nd quarterBone densitometry: strong quarterly growth: +69%Confirmation of 2023 targets and perspectives€40 million in revenue   i.e.  double-digit organic growthExpected increase in EBITDA marginDiagnostic Medical Systems Group (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0012202497 - ALDMS) French medical imaging specialist  announces its consolidated revenue for the 1st quarter of 2023 (period from January 1 to March 31  2023). Following the divestment of 17.00% of Hybrigenics' capital in February 2023[1]  the DMS Group currently retains a 24.77% stake in the capital. As of January 1  2023 Hybrigenics is no longer consolidated in the DMS Group accounts.Unaudited consolidated data in M€IFRS standards 1st quarter 2023 1st quarter 2022 Variation Revenue 10.1 8.7[2] +16% Radiology activity 7.7 7.3 +6% Bone densitometry activity 2.4 1.4 +69%The DMS Group generated consolidated revenue of €10.1 million in the 1st quarter 2023 representing +16% of organic growth2 and marking the largest quarterly revenue ever earned in a 1st quarter.Review by activityIn Radiology  revenue amounted to €7.7 million  a quarterly growth of +6%. 1st quarter activity did not include any deliveries of the 96 FDX Visionary-RF Premium remote-controlled radiology tables won in a tender by Fujifilm Healthcare Italy[3]. The first deliveries for this order will begin in the 2nd quarter of 2023 and will ramp up throughout the year.The Radiology business continued its strong development in the United States at the start of the exercise  with +22% growth in the region  driven by distribution agreements with Fujifilm Healthcare and Carestream Health. The DMS Group manufactures white-label remote-controlled radiology tables offered by:Fujifilm Healthcare in Europe  Africa  Middle East  and North America.Canon Medical Systems Europe in the Europe area.Carestream Health in North and South America.DMS Group also markets its solutions under its own brand  Apelem  to a network of 140 distributors around the world.In Bone densitometry  the Group registered a strong 1st quarter 2023  recording +69% growth. This performance reflects the success of our distribution agreement with Fujifilm Healthcare as well as an acceleration in sales in Europe and Asia  where sales activities had begun to resume at the end of 2022.Confirmation of 2023 revenue target: €40 millionAt the end of an historic 1st quarter  the Group remains confident in its objective of €40 million consolidated annual revenue. The Radiology activity will begin deliveries of the 96 tables to Fujifilm Healthcare Italy over the next few quarters  and sustained activity in both radiology and bone densitometry will allow the Group to reach double-digit organic growth compared to 2022.The Group also confirms the improvement in its profitability in 2023  with an expected improvement in its EBITDA margin[4].As set forth in the Imaging 2027 plan  the DMS Group has fixed the objectives of registering €60 million revenue and an EBITDA margin of 14% in 2027.Financial calendar 2023Date Event April 28  2023 Publication of 2022 annual results July 20  2023 Publication of 2023 half-year revenue September 29  2023 Publication of 2023 half-year results October 19  2023 Publication of 2023 3rd quarter revenue January 18  2024 Publication of 2023 annual revenue April 30  2024 Publication of 2023 annual resultsThe publications will be made after Euronext Paris market closing. These dates are given as an indication  they may be changed if necessary.About DMS GroupThe DMS Group is a French specialist and recognized player in medical imaging  with high-end imaging solutions dedicated to digital radiology and bone densitometry  through its DMS Imaging division.The DMS Group is on every continent through a network of over 140 national distributors  subsidiaries and joint ventures.DMS Group is quoted on the Paris Euronext market (ISIN: FR0012202497 - memo: ALDMS).More information on www.dms.com.FREE SUBSCRIPTION TO THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF DMS GROUP AT WWW.ACTUSNEWS.COM.ContactsDMS Group Samuel SANCERNI Chairman & CEO +33(0)4 67 50 49 00 ACTUS FINANCE Mathieu OMNES Investors relations +33(0)1 53 67 36 92 Fatou-Kiné N'DIAYE Press Relations +33(0)1 53 67 36 34[1]Read press release of February 8  2023.[2]Revenue for the 1st quarter of 2023 does not include revenue from Hybrigenics  which has been deconsolidated since January 1  2023. As a reminder  Hybrigenics had generated revenue of €0.2 million in the 1st quarter 2022.[3]Read press release of January 12  2023[4]EBITDA corresponds to the recurring operating income before interest  taxes  depreciations  and amortization.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.29,0.32,True,English,"['Record quarterly revenue', '1st quarter', 'organic growth', 'Confirmation', '2023 targets', 'perspectives', 'ACTUS FINANCE Mathieu OMNES Investors relations', '96 FDX Visionary-RF Premium remote-controlled radiology tables', 'EBITDA margin Diagnostic Medical Systems Group', ""Fatou-Kiné N'DIAYE Press Relations"", 'DMS Group Samuel SANCERNI Chairman', 'white-label remote-controlled radiology tables', 'Canon Medical Systems Europe', 'Euronext Paris market closing', 'French medical imaging specialist', 'IFRS standards 1st quarter', '€40 million consolidated annual revenue', 'Paris Euronext market', 'recurring operating income', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Unaudited consolidated data', 'DMS Imaging division', 'The Radiology business', 'DMS Group accounts', 'The DMS Group', 'Fujifilm Healthcare Italy', 'high-end imaging solutions', 'historic 1st quarter', 'largest quarterly revenue', 'double-digit organic growth', 'The Radiology activity', 'strong quarterly growth', 'strong 1st quarter', '2023 3rd quarter revenue', 'Record quarterly revenue', '1st quarter activity', 'Bone densitometry activity', 'French specialist', 'The Group', '€60 million revenue', 'press release', 'Imaging 2027 plan', 'consolidated revenue', 'strong development', 'digital radiology', 'organic growth2', '2022 annual results', '2023 annual revenue', '2023 annual results', '1 st quarter', '2nd quarter', 'United States', 'record order', 'Variation Revenue', 'distribution agreements', 'Carestream Health', 'Middle East', 'Europe area', 'South America', '2023 revenue target', 'Financial calendar', '2023 half-year revenue', '2023 half-year results', 'recognized player', 'joint ventures', 'More information', 'FREE SUBSCRIPTION', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'WWW.ACTUSNEWS', '96 tables', 'First deliveries', 'North America', 'sales activities', '140 national distributors', ""Hybrigenics' capital"", '6% growth', '+22% growth', '+69% growth', '140 distributors', 'Confirmation', '2023 targets', 'perspectives', 'increase', 'ALDMS', 'period', 'January', 'March', 'divestment', 'February', '24.77% stake', 'M€', 'Review', 'tender', 'start', 'exercise', 'region', 'Africa', 'brand', 'Apelem', 'network', 'world', 'performance', 'success', 'acceleration', 'Asia', 'objective', 'quarters', 'sustained', 'improvement', 'profitability', 'Event', 'Publication', 'dates', 'indication', 'continent', 'subsidiaries', 'memo', 'Contacts', 'CEO', 'reminder', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciations', 'amortization']",2023-04-20,2023-04-20,actusnews.com
23333,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/protesters-seize-paris-stock-exchange-euronext-building/ar-AA1a6o22,Protesters seize Paris stock exchange Euronext building,The Euronext building in the La Défense business district on the outskirts of Paris has been stormed by protestors opposing recent French political developments. Demonstrators occupied the entrance hall of the stock exchange ,© Provided by CryptopolitanThe Euronext building in the La Défense business district on the outskirts of Paris has been stormed by protestors opposing recent French political developments.Demonstrators occupied the entrance hall of the stock exchange  protesting President Emmanuel Macron’s pension reform plan. Unrest surrounding the plan has continued even after its implementation earlier this month  according to Bloomberg.French unions rally  demanding change amidst pension reform controversyFrench television captured the chaotic scene unfolding at the prominent stock exchange. The coverage depicted railway workers and others chanting and waving union flags in protest.A Euronext spokeswoman confirmed that the demonstration ended by 1 p.m. local time  stating that the protestors “had no impact on its operations and hadn’t disrupted trading.”The protest stems from widespread discontent over President Macron’s recent pension reform  which raises the minimum retirement age from 62 to 64.Anger over this political decision has been a persistent issue in France. Numerous offices  including those of LVMH  BlackRock Inc.  and Natisix SA  have been targeted by protestors in the past. Thursday’s event at the Euronext building marks the latest location to face protests.,neutral,0.01,0.58,0.42,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Paris stock exchange Euronext building', 'Protesters', 'La Défense business district', 'recent French political developments', 'recent pension reform', 'pension reform controversy', 'minimum retirement age', 'A Euronext spokeswoman', 'The Euronext building', 'President Emmanuel Macron', 'pension reform plan', 'prominent stock exchange', 'President Macron', 'political decision', 'French unions', 'French television', 'entrance hall', 'chaotic scene', 'railway workers', 'union flags', 'local time', 'widespread discontent', 'persistent issue', 'Numerous offices', 'BlackRock Inc.', 'Natisix SA', 'latest location', 'Cryptopolitan', 'outskirts', 'Paris', 'protestors', 'Demonstrators', 'Unrest', 'implementation', 'Bloomberg', 'coverage', 'others', 'demonstration', 'impact', 'operations', 'trading', 'Anger', 'France', 'LVMH', 'past', 'Thursday', 'event', 'protests', '1']",2023-04-20,2023-04-20,msn.com
23334,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/eutelsat-joins-gsoa-driving-satellite-155700049.html,Eutelsat Joins The GSOA  Driving the Satellite Communications Ecosystem of the Future,By joining GSOA  Eutelsat showcases its support towards a robust satellite communications sector with a united global voice  connecting the world in a sustainable way. Together with its fellow counterparts ,"PARIS  April 20  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) (Paris:ETL) announces that it has become a full member of the Brussels-based Global Satellite Operators Association (GSOA)  the global CEO-driven association representing global and regional satellite operators.By joining GSOA  Eutelsat showcases its support towards a robust satellite communications sector with a united global voice  connecting the world in a sustainable way. Together with its fellow counterparts  Eutelsat intends to fully participate in shaping the satellite communications ecosystem of the future. Whether it be the availability of satellite frequency bands  to promoting the responsible use of space  to connecting the underserved  the multi-fold and strategic challenges in space require cooperation.Eutelsat adheres to the Association’s endeavours  notably ensuring the availability of satellite frequency bands during the ongoing World Radiocommunication Conference 2023 (WRC-23) process  key to allowing space technology to fully deploy its potential to serve the world's connectivity needs.GSOA is recognised as the representative body for satellite operators by international  regional and national bodies including regulators  policymakers  standards-setting organisations such as the 3rd Generation Partnership Project (3GPP)  and international organisations like the International Telecommunications Union (ITU) and the World Economic Forum (WEF). Through GSOA  the satellite sector is working to respond to the requirements for a better data-driven society. Robust and scalable satellite infrastructures are ideally placed to bridge the digital  social  education and healthcare divides as well as  to be part of the 5G  6G  and IoT ecosystems.""I am thrilled to work with Eva Berneke  Eutelsat CEO and her team to deliver the benefits of satellite communication to citizens and governments and move the industry a step forward in delivering connectivity anywhere  anytime"" – commented Isabelle Mauro  GSOA Director General.Story continuesEva Berneke  Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer  added: ""Our teams are most enthusiastic to join GSOA at a time of major transformational changes in the industry  with a booming connectivity market  breakthrough innovations  and a considerable increase in the number of players involved. Implicated at various levels and in several working groups within the GSOA  we are eager to support the global satcoms industry on a resilient  responsible and innovative path"".View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230420005748/en/ContactsMediaAnita BaltagiTel.: +33 1 53 98 47 47abaltagi@eutelsat.comDaphné Joseph-GabrielTel.: +33 1 53 98 47 47djosephgabriel@eutelsat.comBaptiste RomeufTel.: +33 6 63 80 87 54eutelsat@agenceproches.comInvestorsThomas CardielTel.: +33 6 99 07 86 47tcardiel@eutelsat.comHugo Laurens-Bergehlaurensberge@eutelsat.comChristine LopezTel.: +33 1 53 98 47 02clopez@eutelsat.com",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.61,0.23,0.15,True,English,"['Satellite Communications Ecosystem', 'Eutelsat', 'The', 'GSOA', 'Future', 'Brussels-based Global Satellite Operators Association', '3rd Generation Partnership Project', 'ongoing World Radiocommunication Conference 2023', 'Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer', 'robust satellite communications sector', 'global CEO-driven association', 'united global voice', 'satellite communications ecosystem', 'satellite frequency bands', 'scalable satellite infrastructures', 'digital, social, education', 'major transformational changes', 'several working groups', 'regional satellite operators', 'International Telecommunications Union', 'World Economic Forum', 'booming connectivity market', 'global satcoms industry', 'GSOA Director General', 'satellite sector', 'international, regional', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'international organisations', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'full member', 'sustainable way', 'fellow counterparts', 'responsible use', 'strategic challenges', 'WRC-23) process', 'connectivity needs', 'representative body', 'national bodies', 'standards-setting organisations', 'data-driven society', 'healthcare divides', '5G, 6G', 'IoT ecosystems', 'Eva Berneke', 'Isabelle Mauro', 'breakthrough innovations', 'considerable increase', 'various levels', 'resilient, responsible', 'innovative path', 'source version', 'Contacts Media', 'Anita Baltagi', 'Daphné Joseph-Gabriel', 'Baptiste Romeuf', 'Thomas Cardiel', 'Hugo Laurens-Berge', 'Christine Lopez', 'Eutelsat CEO', 'Euronext Paris', 'space technology', 'April', 'ETL', 'support', 'future', 'availability', 'multi-fold', 'cooperation', 'endeavours', 'potential', 'regulators', 'policymakers', 'ITU', 'WEF', 'requirements', 'team', 'benefits', 'citizens', 'governments', 'step', 'Story', 'time', 'number', 'players', 'businesswire', 'Tel.', 'agenceproches', 'Investors', 'tcardiel', 'hlaurensberge', '53', '33']",2023-04-20,2023-04-20,finance.yahoo.com
