UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
54183,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.yahoo.com/news/articles/eu-set-lock-russias-frozen-095402974.html,EU set to lock up Russia's frozen assets so Hungary and Slovakia can't veto their use for Ukraine,The European Union is expected on Friday to lock up Russia’s assets held in Europe until it gives up its war in Ukraine and compensates its neighbor for the ...,BRUSSELS (AP) — The European Union on Friday indefinitely froze Russia’s assets in Europe to ensure that Hungary and Slovakia  both with Moscow-friendly governments  can’t prevent the billions of euros from being used to support Ukraine.Using a special procedure meant for economic emergencies  the EU blocked the assets until Russia gives up its war on Ukraine and compensates its neighbor for the heavy damage that it has inflicted for almost four years.EU Council President António Costa said European leaders had committed in October “to keep Russian assets immobilized until Russia ends its war of aggression against Ukraine and compensates for the damage caused. Today we delivered on that commitment.”Advertisement AdvertisementAdvertisement AdvertisementIt’s a key step that will allow EU leaders to work out at a summit next week how to use the tens of billions of euros in Russian Central Bank assets to underwrite a huge loan to help Ukraine meet its financial and military needs over the next two years.“Next step: securing Ukraine’s financial needs for 2026–27 ” added Costa  who will chair the Dec. 18 summit.The move also prevents the assets  estimated to total around 210 billion euros ($247 billion)  from being used in any negotiations to end the war without European approval.A 28-point plan drafted by U.S. and Russian envoys stipulated that the EU would release the frozen assets for use by Ukraine  Russia and the United States. That plan  which surfaced last month  was rejected by Ukraine and its backers in Europe.Advertisement AdvertisementAdvertisement AdvertisementFrench Foreign Minister Jean-Noël Barrot wrote on X that the EU decision means that “no one will decide in place of the Europeans the use of these funds.”Hungary and Slovakia objectThe vast majority of the funds — around 193 billion euros ($225 billion) at the end of September — are held in Euroclear  a Belgian financial clearing house.The money was frozen under sanctions that the EU imposed on Russia over the war it launched on Feb. 24  2022  but these sanctions must be renewed every six months with the approval of all 27 member countries.Hungary and Slovakia oppose providing more support to Ukraine  but Friday’s decision prevents them from blocking the sanctions rollover and make it easier to use the assets.Advertisement AdvertisementAdvertisement AdvertisementHungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán – Russian President Vladimir Putin’s closest ally in Europe – said on social media that it means that “the rule of law in the European Union comes to an end  and Europe’s leaders are placing themselves above the rules.”“The European Commission is systematically raping European law. It is doing this in order to continue the war in Ukraine  a war that clearly isn’t winnable ” he wrote. He said that Hungary “will do everything in its power to restore a lawful order.”In a letter to Costa  Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico said that he would refuse to back any move that “would include covering Ukraine’s military expenses for the coming years.”He warned “that the use of frozen Russian assets could directly jeopardize U.S. peace efforts  which directly count on the use of these resources for the reconstruction of Ukraine.”Advertisement AdvertisementAdvertisement AdvertisementBut the commission argues that the war has imposed heavy costs by hiking energy prices and stunting economic growth in the EU  which has already provided nearly 200 billion euros ($235 billion) in support to Ukraine.Belgium  where Euroclear is based  is opposed to the “reparations loan” plan. It says that the plan “entails consequential economic  financial and legal risks ” and has called on other EU countries to share the risk.Russia takes court actionRussia’s Central Bank  meanwhile  said on Friday that it has filed a lawsuit in Moscow against Euroclear for damages it says were caused when Moscow was barred from managing the assets. Euroclear declined to comment.Advertisement AdvertisementAdvertisement AdvertisementThe Belgian clearing house has around 17 billion euros ($20 billion) in Russia and it’s unclear what would happen to that money if the legal challenge or others like it succeed.In a separate statement  the Central Bank also described wider EU plans to use Russian assets to aid Ukraine as “illegal  contrary to international law ” arguing that they violated “the principles of sovereign immunity of assets.”But EU Economy Commissioner Valdis Dombrovskis brushed off the suit  saying that the decision is “legally robust ” and that he expects Russia “to continue to launch speculative legal proceedings to prevent the EU from upholding international law.”Chris Weafer  CEO of Macro-Advisory Ltd. Consultancy  said that the timing of the court action is “clearly linked” to the EU’s intention to use the frozen assets.Advertisement AdvertisementAdvertisement Advertisement“The Russian Central Bank is making clear that it will respond with legal actions against all countries involved in the decision to take the Russian money ” he said.Friday's EU decision came hours after Germany summoned the Russian ambassador in Berlin following allegations of sabotage  disinformation campaigns  cyberattacks and interference in its elections.___Associated Press journalists Karel Janicek in Prague  Sylvie Corbet in Paris  Katie Marie Davies in Manchester  England and Stefanie Dazio in Berlin contributed to this report.,neutral,0.0,0.72,0.28,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['frozen assets', 'EU', 'Russia', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'use', 'Ukraine', 'French Foreign Minister Jean-Noël Barrot', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán', 'EU Council President António Costa', 'Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico', 'EU Economy Commissioner Valdis Dombrovskis', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'U.S. peace efforts', 'Belgian financial clearing house', 'The Russian Central Bank', 'Russian Central Bank assets', 'Belgian clearing house', 'Macro-Advisory Ltd. Consultancy', 'wider EU plans', 'speculative legal proceedings', 'The European Union', 'next two years', 'consequential economic, financial', 'The European Commission', 'reparations loan” plan', 'other EU countries', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Russian envoys', 'huge loan', 'Next step', 'financial needs', 'economic emergencies', 'four years', 'coming years', 'economic growth', 'legal risks', 'legal challenge', 'legal actions', 'Russian money', 'frozen assets', 'European law', 'Moscow-friendly governments', 'special procedure', 'European leaders', 'Advertisement Advertisement', 'key step', 'military needs', 'United States', 'vast majority', '27 member countries', 'closest ally', 'social media', 'military expenses', 'heavy costs', 'energy prices', 'court action', 'separate statement', 'sovereign immunity', 'Chris Weafer', 'EU leaders', 'European approval', '28-point plan', 'international law', '210 billion euros', '193 billion euros', '200 billion euros', '17 billion euros', 'heavy damage', 'Dec. 18 summit', 'EU decision', 'lawful order', 'Slovakia object', 'sanctions rollover', 'BRUSSELS', 'Friday', 'Hungary', 'billions', 'Ukraine', 'war', 'neighbor', 'October', 'aggression', 'commitment', 'tens', 'move', 'negotiations', 'backers', 'place', 'Europeans', 'funds', 'September', 'Euroclear', 'Feb.', 'support', 'rule', 'everything', 'power', 'letter', 'resources', 'reconstruction', 'Belgium', 'lawsuit', 'damages', 'others', 'principles', 'CEO', 'timing', 'intention']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,yahoo.com
54184,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2025/12/russian-central-bank-sues-euroclear-over-frozen-assets-will-the-eu-be-hoist-on-the-investor-state-settlement-disputes-isds-petard.html,Russian Central Bank Sues Euroclear Over Frozen Assets; Will the EU Be Hoist on the Investor-State Settlement Disputes (ISDS) Petard?,Hoo boy. Russia looks to be using much demonized (by labor and environmental rights advocates) investor-state dispute settlement provisions to pursue Euroclear.,The Bank of Russia filed suit in Moscow Arbitration Court against Euroclear  with no amount of damages specified. The Kremlin vowed additional action if the assets were misappropriated.Filing in Russia  as opposed to a foreign court  might look like a weak initial gambit. However  as we’ll discuss below  the procedure Russia is relying upon is enshrined in treaties and has been deployed with mixed success in other Russia-sanctions-contesting actions. Long-standing readers will be well-versed in this topic  investor-state dispute settlement procedures  since we have discussed it at considerable length in the context of the fight over the TransPacific Partnership and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership trade deals. Obama labored mightily to push them over the line before he left office. Trump did not pursue them.These treaties  designed to override the laws and regulations of states in order to give protected status to investors  make a mockery of national sovereignity. ISDS disputes draw on a small community of arbitrators  many of whom were involved in drafting ISDS treaty provisions  with hearing held in secret and typically not appealable. The rising (and correct) perception that this rules were gutting labor rights and environmental protection was instrumental to stopping their reach being extended further in the US. But it seems no existing ISDS provisions have been unwound.1So Euroclear may be hoist on the ISDS petard.The move also validates Euroclear’s and the Government of Belgium’s concerns about their liability. It should help stiffen their spines as well as those of member states like Hungary that object to the European Commission and the EU leaders pushing for the financial heist attempting to ram through legislation  using emergency powers  that would saddle them  without their consent  with a share of any losses were the EU to use the assets as collateral to continue to fund Ukraine and its war. However  Russia may be required by its agreement with Euroclear to proceed this way.The Financial Times described the European plans that look to have teed up this action:The suit is Russia’s first shot across Europe’s bows as Brussels moves to indefinitely immobilise the assets to fund a €90bn loan to Ukraine next week. Belgium  where most of the assets are held  has opposed the idea  fearing Russian retaliation. The European Commission believes no courts outside the EU would have jurisdiction over the case. But Russia’s central bank said it would also “unconditionally challenge” efforts to immobilise its assets via international courts in both “friendly and hostile countries”. It is seeking damages based on “the sum of the Bank of Russia’s blocked funds  the value of the blocked securities  and loss of expected gains”  the central bank added… Kyiv’s western allies froze $300bn in Russia’s reserves shortly after President Vladimir Putin ordered the full-scale invasion of Ukraine in 2022. They are currently immobilised every six months through a process that requires unanimous agreement from all 27 EU members  including opponents of the scheme such as Hungary. But the European Commission proposed using emergency powers to immobilise €210bn indefinitely to fund the €90bn loan  hoping it will bolster Kyiv’s resistance to Russia’s invasion and help secure a role for the continent in US-led peace talks. EU countries on Thursday agreed to that proposal ahead of a debate among EU leaders next week on the loan.The Financial Times stated that Euroclear holds €185 billion of the €210 billion European total. It is not clear if that €185 billion is all central bank assets or includes the holdings of Russian companies and individuals.Next from TASS:The Bank of Russia has filed a lawsuit against the Euroclear depository in the Moscow Arbitration Court for damages caused to the Bank of Russia  the regulator’s press service reported… “In connection with the illegal actions of the Euroclear depository  which are causing damages to the Bank of Russia  as well as in connection with the mechanisms officially reviewed by the European Commission for the direct or indirect use of Bank of Russia assets without the consent of the Bank of Russia  the Bank of Russia is filing a lawsuit in the Moscow Arbitration Court against the Euroclear depository for damages caused to the Bank of Russia ” the statement reads. The regulator stressed that the actions of the Euroclear depository caused damage “due to the inability to manage cash and securities belonging to the Bank of Russia.” The majority of Russia’s sovereign assets frozen in Europe (over €200 billion) are blocked on Euroclear’s platform in Belgium. The depository repeatedly opposed the expropriation of the assets  warning that it could lead to Russia seizing European or Belgian assets elsewhere in the world through legal action. Earlier Russian President Vladimir Putin stated that the global financial and economic order would be destroyed  and economic separatism would only intensify  if the West stole Russia’s frozen assets. Kremlin Spokesman Dmitry Peskov noted that Moscow would definitely respond to the theft of its assets in Europe. He stressed that the Kremlin intends to organize legal proceedings against those involved in this scheme.A favorable result in Moscow would at a minimum seem to set up Russia to be able to take compensatory action if Euroclear did not free the funds  such as immobilizing Euroclear funds in Russia  estimated at €15 billion. That would tee up litigation by those parties against Euroclear.Moreover  when a party fails to satisfy a legal judgement  they attempt to garnish assets they can reach. So a next move by Russia if it prevails (which seems likely not just given the choice of venue but also how investor-biased ISDS provisions are) would be to sue Euroclear in other jurisdictions  such as Hong Kong and Singapore  where Euroclear has operations and substantial assets  to collect or impound assets  since there is not enough Euroclear loot in Russia to compensate Russia were it to prevail.Mind you  I have no idea if and how this could work in practical terms. But with the Lehman bankruptcy  there was a fight over which court would have jurisdiction. This has also been a common fist fight with vulture investors  such as hedgies like Paul Singer who bought claims against Argentina on the cheap and gott a US court to enforce them. I have not followed Singer closely enough to follow his machinations  plus his operations are likely not generalizable to Russia and Euroclear. Argentina sold bonds with would have contained rule of law provisions and likely specified the jurisdiction in which claims would be heard. The analogous provisions in the Euroclear agreement would be different.Presumably we will get a lot more detail  particularly if the underlying filing is made public so legal mavens can review it and opine further. The commentary on Twitter so far doesn’t add to the raw facts. We had pointed out yesterday that Singapore provides for discovery  which could make it a very useful venue. From the Financial Times’ comments section:ABgkIt’s a warning shot. The real escalation would be Singapore court – Euroclear has huge assets in that jurisdiction and judges there have previously sided with a view that sovereign assets are untouchable. This is why Euroclear is so nervous – they are exposed outside EU a LOT and there are no protections. In case Singaporean court uses their assets there as a collateral  France and Germany will shrug it off and will let the Belgians to hang dry.A recent VoxEU article states that Russia has already frozen Euroclear assets2 in Russia and some afflicted Euroclear clients have gotten recoveries:According to the Financial Times (2025)  Russia has confiscated approximately €33 billion in assets belonging to Euroclear clients. In addition  Euroclear faces more than 100 lawsuits related to immobilised and frozen assets. In response  the EU Council introduced a loss recovery derogation and a no liability clause in December 2024. A loss recovery derogation enables CSDs to request competent authorities of the Member States to unfreeze cash balances and use them to meet their legal obligations towards their clients. Reuters (2025) reports that Euroclear invoked this regulation to release €3 billion in Russian assets to compensate clients whose holdings had been expropriated in Russia. Euroclear’s quarterly results also show a €1 billion decline in Russian assets between the second and fourth quarters of 2025  consistent with a partial unblocking of these funds. This decision set an important precedent for the confiscation of Russian assets. However  the proceeds were used to indemnify Euroclear’s clients  effectively socialising their losses from operating in Russia.From Le Monde on December 10 about the use of arbitration to seek recoveries from sanctions:Russia has not only threatened Europe through drone incursions and hybrid interference operations  but also in court. By exploiting old commercial treaties dating back to the end of the Cold War  Russian companies and oligarchs have multiplied arbitration proceedings to challenge the European Union’s sanctions policy  posing an increasingly serious financial risk to member states. This warning was issued by a coalition of European NGOs  including the Veblen Institute for Economic Reforms  Friends of the Earth Europe and PowerShift  in a report published on Tuesday  December 9 titled “Frozen Assets  Hot Claims: How Russian oligarchs and other investors sue over sanctions.” These organizations estimate that at least $48 billion (€41 billion) has been claimed from the EU and its allies (the United Kingdom  Ukraine and Canada) in compensation for these sanctions – a minimum figure  as most of the 24 proceedings identified in the report have not disclosed the amounts sought. After their villas  yachts and works of art were frozen following the invasion of Ukraine  several oligarchs have retaliated through legal proceedings  with varying degrees of success. In 2024  Piotr Aven and Mikhail Fridman won a case in the EU’s court  which found their contribution to the war to be too indirect to justify the sanctions imposed on them. Beyond this high-profile case  several Russian oligarchs and companies have launched much more discreet proceedings  relying on investment treaties that many European states signed with the Soviet Union in the late 1980s. Designed to protect investors  these bilateral agreements have created a parallel justice system known as investor-state dispute settlement (ISDS). This mechanism allows investors to bring their cases before a panel of private international arbitrators  rather than a conventional court  to seek compensation if they believe a state has abused its rights  such as through expropriation or unfair treatment. Fridman  for example  used the 1989 treaty between Luxembourg and Russia to demand the return of his assets that are frozen in the EU country  along with financial compensation for the “irreversible and catastrophic damage” to his business. He is seeking the equivalent of €14.5 billion  which represents half of Luxembourg’s annual budget… Although none of these proceedings have yet succeeded  their initiators know their chances are much higher than in a European court. Arbitrators in ISDS cases must determine whether the state expropriated the complainant’s assets without valid reason – a practice prohibited by bilateral treaties  even when sanctions are in place. The Court of Justice of the EU highlighted this vulnerability as early as 2009  but “the EU member states (…) have not renegotiated their treaties to include safeguards  nor have they canceled them ” the Veblen Institute said..From the underlying Frozen Assets  Hot Claims paper (emphasis theirs):Our analysis also shows that: Overall  known ISDS claims and threats of claims by sanctioned individuals and entities already amount to 62 billion USD. This is getting close to the 70 billion USD of military assistance the EU has provided to Ukraine since 2022 . The true figure is very likely to be slightly higher as in more than half the cases no information about the amounts claimed is available.. The true figure is very likely to be slightly higher as in more than half the cases no information about the amounts claimed is available. More than half of the ongoing  sanctions-related ISDS cases are against Ukraine . The others are targeting other European countries (Belgium  France  Lithuania  Luxembourg and the UK) and Canada.. The others are targeting other European countries (Belgium  France  Lithuania  Luxembourg and the UK) and Canada. Seven ISDS cases against Ukraine’s sanctions and security policies are based on investment treaties with EU member states and a further two on the Ukraine-UK investment treaty . This shows that the investment treaties that European countries maintain with Ukraine have enabled sanctioned individuals and entities to directly challenge Ukraine’s national security policy.. This shows that the investment treaties that European countries maintain with Ukraine have enabled sanctioned individuals and entities to directly challenge Ukraine’s national security policy. Russian oligarch Mikhail Fridman has filed five claims against sanctions-related measures and threatened a sixth case. Three of the five cases are targeting Ukraine  of which two are based on the investment treaty that Ukraine has with Belgium and Luxembourg and the other on one with the Netherlands.and threatened a sixth case. Three of the five cases are targeting Ukraine  of which two are based on the investment treaty that Ukraine has with Belgium and Luxembourg and the other on one with the Netherlands. Of the 24 cases challenging sanctions  13 have been initiated in 2025 alone  highlighting how investors are favourably resorting to ISDS to challenge the sanctions policy of Ukraine and its supporters. The incompatibility of EU countries’ investment treaties with EU sanctions policy was highlighted by the European Court of Justice in 2009. In three rulings against Austria  Sweden  and Finland  it found that capital transfer clauses in the three countries’ investment treaties conflict with the Council’s authority to unilaterally impose sanctions on third countries. However  in the years since then  the countries and other EU Member States with similar clauses in their treaties have failed to remedy the situation. They have not renegotiated their treaties to include safeguards  nor have they cancelled them.Another whining article by IIDS about “unintended consequences” of ISDS provisions suggests that they could be effective tools for Russia  or at least very much muddy the waters for EU member states. For instance:The threat of investment arbitration claims from Russian actors challenging the European Union’s proposed new Ukraine support package is the latest example of how outdated investment treaties can be used to undermine governments’ responses to crises… That Belgian decision-makers now refrain from backing the crucial Ukraine proposal for fear of arbitration based on investment treaties only adds to longstanding concerns about these instruments. Over the past decades  these treaties have increasingly been misused in ways their drafters never intended. From climate policy to public health  they now put collective security decisions at risk. Reform is more urgent than ever.I don’t recall such tender concerns when Amazon rain forests were at risk.In any event  pass the popcorn. Things are about to get ugly. The long-standing erosion of national rights in favor of stateless investors is being turned against its neoliberal creators.___1 A mini-recap from a 2023 post  Even Rich Nations Now Worried About ISDS:In the US  Public Citizen deserves a great deal of credit for turning policy-makers against the multinational-favoring  national-law-and-regulation-gutting “free trade agreement known as ISDS  or “investor state dispute settlement. These disputes are arbitrated by secret panels with no appeal and pro-corporate cronies acting as deciders. Public Citizen’s relentless digging got key bad facts out in the open… Some…notorious cases  the first from a 2014 post: Germans are particularly aware of the dangers of these foreign investor panels due to payments the German government has been forced to make. Vattenfal  a Swedish company  is a serial trade pact litigant against Germany. In 2011  Der Spiegel reported on how it was suing for expected €1 billion plus losses due to Germany’s program to phase out nuclear power: According to Handelsblatt  Vattenfall has an advantage in seeking compensation because the company has its headquarters abroad. As a Swedish company  Vattenfall can invoke investment rules under the Energy Charter Treaty (ECT)  which protect foreign investors in signatory nations from interference in property rights. That includes  according to the treaty’s text  a “fair and equitable treatment” of investors. The Swedish company has already filed suit once against the German government at the ICSID. In 2009  Vattenfall sued the federal government over stricter environmental regulations on its coal-fired power plant in Hamburg-Moorburg  seeking €1.4 billion plus interest in damages. The parties settled out of court in August 2010. What is particularly galling about these agreements is that they give investors the right to sue over lost future profits. A report in the UK website Vox Political suggests that Germany has figured out what the TTIP is really about and isn’t about to be snookered. Germany’s willingness to defy the US may be part of the fallout of revelations of the amount of “Five Eyes” snooping that goes on in the Eurozone  and may also reflect discomfort with US escalation of hostilities with Russia  when it is not to Germany’s advantage to participate in economic brinksmanship. Or see this section of a Nick Corbishley post from 2016: International arbitration lawyers have a soft spot for Latin America  for a reason: over the last ten years  the region has been one of the primary sources of their exorbitant fees  which can range from $375 to $700 per hour depending on where the arbitration takes place. By 2008  more than half of all registered claims at the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID) were pending against Latin American countries. In 2012  around one-quarter of all new ICSID disputes involved a Latin American state. Today the region faces a fresh deluge of ISDS claims. The countries most affected include Uruguay  whose anti-tobacco legislation has been challenged by Philip Morris at an international arbitration panel; Argentina  Ecuador and Colombia  which until a few years ago had never been on the receiving end of an investor-state dispute settlement (ISDS). Now it is the target of multiple suits that could end up setting its government back billions of dollars. The claimants include Glencore  the world’s biggest and most heavily leveraged commodities trader; Carlos Slim-owned América Móvil  the leading wireless services provider in Latin America and the third largest in the world; the Spanish insurance company Sanitas; the Swiss pharmaceutical giant Novartis; and the Canadian miner Eco Oro and US miner Tobie Mining and Energy. Each company on that list feels that decisions or actions taken by the Colombian government have in one way or another cost or will cost them profits to which they feel entitled. And each company is doing what it has the right to do under today’s trade treaties — suing the government of that country for damages. It is the last company on the list — Tobie Mining and Energy — that is the biggest concern to the Colombian government for the damages it seeks: $16.5 billion. That’s a lot of money for a nation with per-capita GDP of $7 831 and whose currency has lost 40% of its value against the dollar over the last 18 months. It’s the equivalent of 20% of its national budget. But the whole point of ISDS had seemed to be colonialism in another guise  particularly deployed against proto or actual socialist countries that might take things like workplace rules and environmental protection too seriously. But then  as Jomo describes  advanced economies started being hoist on this multinational petard. But ISDS  although waning in support  is still far from dead.2 It also explains what Euroclear does. Some readers seemed not to understand what securities depositaries are:,neutral,0.0,0.86,0.14,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['Russian Central Bank', 'Investor-State Settlement Disputes', 'Frozen Assets', 'EU', 'ISDS', 'Petard', 'investor-state dispute settlement procedures', 'Kremlin Spokesman Dmitry Peskov', 'Investment Partnership trade deals', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'weak initial gambit', 'US-led peace talks', 'Moscow Arbitration Court', 'ISDS treaty provisions', 'existing ISDS provisions', '€210 billion European total', 'other Russia-sanctions-contesting actions', 'The Financial Times', 'The European Commission', 'The Kremlin', 'central bank assets', 'TransPacific Partnership', 'Transatlantic Trade', 'foreign court', 'Russian retaliation', 'Russian companies', 'ISDS disputes', 'ISDS petard', 'financial heist', 'global financial', 'European plans', 'mixed success', 'Long-standing readers', 'considerable length', 'protected status', 'national sovereignity', 'small community', 'correct) perception', 'labor rights', 'environmental protection', 'emergency powers', 'first shot', 'hostile countries', 'expected gains', 'western allies', 'press service', 'illegal actions', 'indirect use', 'economic separatism', 'The Bank', 'additional action', 'EU leaders', '€90bn loan', '27 EU members', 'EU countries', 'sovereign assets', 'Belgian assets', 'frozen assets', 'member states', 'international courts', 'full-scale invasion', 'unanimous agreement', 'economic order', 'Euroclear depository', 'Russia assets', 'suit', 'amount', 'damages', 'Filing', 'treaties', 'topic', 'context', 'fight', 'Obama', 'line', 'office', 'Trump', 'laws', 'regulations', 'investors', 'mockery', 'arbitrators', 'hearing', 'rising', 'rules', 'reach', 'move', 'Government', 'Belgium', 'concerns', 'liability', 'spines', 'Hungary', 'legislation', 'consent', 'share', 'losses', 'collateral', 'Ukraine', 'war', 'bows', 'Brussels', 'idea', 'jurisdiction', 'case', 'efforts', 'friendly', 'sum', 'funds', 'value', 'securities', 'Kyiv', 'reserves', 'process', 'opponents', 'scheme', 'resistance', 'role', 'continent', 'Thursday', 'proposal', 'debate', 'holdings', 'individuals', 'TASS', 'regulator', 'connection', 'mechanisms', 'statement', 'inability', 'cash', 'majority', 'platform', 'expropriation', 'world']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,nakedcapitalism.com
54185,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/12/eu-looks-set-to-indefinitely-freeze-hundreds-of-billions-in-russian-funds,EU looks set to indefinitely freeze hundreds of billions in Russian funds,The anticipated move  slammed by Hungary  is a key step in a plan to use the funds to underwrite a loan to Ukraine.,The anticipated move  slammed by Hungary  is a key step in a plan to use the funds to underwrite a loan to Ukraine.The European Union has indefinitely frozen hundreds of billions of Russian funds held in Europe to help Ukraine defend itself against Moscow.The bloc’s governments agreed on Friday to immobilise 210 billion euros ($246 billion) worth of Russian sovereign assets for as long as needed  thus removing the need to vote every six months on extending the asset freeze.The indefinite freeze eliminates the risk that Hungary and Slovakia  which have better relations with Moscow than other EU states  might in future refuse to roll over the freeze  forcing the EU to return the money to Russia.EU Council President Antonio Costa said on Friday that European leaders had delivered on their “commitment” to immobilise Russian assets “until Russia ends its war of aggression against Ukraine and compensates for the damage caused”.The indefinite asset freeze is intended to convince a sceptical Belgium to support the EU’s plan to use the frozen Russian cash to extend a loan of up to 165 billion euros to Ukraine to cover its military and civilian budget needs in 2026 and 2027.The vast majority of the 210 billion euros in Russian assets  which were frozen as a result of EU sanctions on Moscow over its war on Ukraine  are held in Euroclear  a Belgian financial clearing house.It is expected that EU leaders gathering at the European Council on December 18 to finalise details of the reparations loan will offer guarantees to Belgium that it will not be left alone to foot the bill should a potential Moscow lawsuit prove successful.AdvertisementBelgium has said in the past that the plan “entails consequential economic  financial and legal risks”.Orban slams moveHungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban  the Kremlin’s closest ally in Europe  railed against the expected decision earlier on Friday  accusing the European Commission  which prepared the measure  “of systematically raping European law”.He said the anticipated move means that “the rule of law in the European Union comes to an end  and Europe’s leaders are placing themselves above the rules.”“It is doing this in order to continue the war in Ukraine  a war that clearly isn’t winnable ” he wrote.Meanwhile  Russia’s Central Bank said on Friday that it had filed a lawsuit in Moscow against Euroclear for damages it claims were caused due to the stripping of Russian control of the frozen billions.Euroclear has been subject to Russian lawsuits in Moscow courts since the EU froze the assets in 2022.In a separate statement  the Central Bank said the wider EU plans to use Russian assets to aid Ukraine were “illegal  contrary to international law”  and in breach of “the principles of sovereign immunity of assets”.However  French Foreign Minister Jean-Noel Barrot wrote on X that the EU decision meant that “no one will decide in place of the Europeans the use of these funds”.Diplomatic pushThe legal battle over frozen funds is taking place as the United States pushes for a ceasefire deal between Moscow and Kyiv  which would consist of a framework for peace and separate documents on security guarantees and rebuilding Ukraine.This week’s flurry of diplomatic efforts saw Ukraine send back a revised version of the US-drafted framework  which was initially criticised as a Russian wishlist that bowed to Moscow’s maximalist demands and territorial claims in eastern Ukraine.On Thursday  Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said the US was proposing that a “free economic zone” be established in the Kyiv-held parts of the eastern Donetsk region  located in the Donbas  that Moscow wants to control.He said that Ukrainian troops would have to withdraw from the area  which Moscow has previously described as a “demilitarised zone”.On Friday  Kremlin adviser Yuri Ushakov said in comments published in Russian business daily Kommersant that it was possible that no troops would be positioned in the Donbas  whether Ukrainian or Russian.But  he added  “there will be the National Guard  our police  everything necessary to maintain order and organise life.”Ushakov also expressed the Kremlin’s doubts over efforts to amend the US framework. “We have an impression that this version  which is being put forward for discussion  will be worsened ” he said.AdvertisementOn Friday  Ukraine’s Prime Minister Yulia Svyrydenko said on social media that Kyiv had held a new round of talks on reconstruction with US representatives Jared Kushner and Steve Witkoff  as well as World Bank chief Ajay Banga and BlackRock CEO Larry Fink.And the stage was set for more diplomatic activity next week  with Zelenskyy planning to attend the German-Ukrainian business forum in Berlin on Monday  where he will meet numerous European leaders  as well as the heads of the EU and NATO  according to German government spokesperson Stefan Kornelius.Zelenskyy announced on Telegram on Friday that a working group on security guarantees for Ukraine will meet in Germany  without specifying a date. The group will be headed by Lieutenant-General Andriy Hnatov  with representatives from the army  intelligence services and security forces.A French presidency official told reporters on Friday that security guarantees could resemble a NATO Article 5-type clause involving Washington that would seek to reassure Kyiv in case it was once again attacked by Russia.The official was cited by Reuters as saying that Ukraine  European powers and the US were still working to outline the contours of a peace deal that could be taken to Russia. “Our goal is to have a common foundation that is solid for negotiation. This common ground must unite Ukrainians  Americans and Europeans ” said the official.Fighting continuesAs the push for a deal intensifies  fighting continues to rage on the battlefield. Ukrainian forces said they had retaken parts of the front-line town of Kupiansk in the northeastern region of Kharkiv  and had encircled Russian troops there.Zelenskyy released a video visiting the area  where he praised the troops’ efforts and said their results were strengthening Kyiv’s hand diplomatically  as Washington pushes Kyiv to make major territorial concessions to end the nearly four-year war.“Today  it is extremely important to achieve results on the front lines so that Ukraine can achieve results in diplomacy ” Zelenskyy said in the clip  which showed him wearing a bulletproof vest at the entrance to Kupiansk.Ukraine’s Khartiia Corps of the National Guard said it had liberated several northern districts of Kupiansk  while Russian supply routes had been cut off and several hundred Russian troops were surrounded.In other movements on the battlefield  Ukraine said it had retaken the settlements of Kindrashivka and Radkivka in the northern Kharkiv region.Ukraine claims strikes in Caspian SeaAs the warring neighbours intensified their attacks far beyond the front line  Ukraine’s special forces have claimed to have hit two Russian ships transporting weapons and military equipment in the Caspian Sea  in an operation they said was carried out in coordination with a “local resistance movement”.The statement on Friday  posted on Telegram  said two vessels – the Composer Rakhmaninoff and the Askar-Sarydzha – had been struck off the coast of the Russian republic of Kalmykia. Both vessels had been sanctioned by the US for transferring military loads between Iran and Russia  it said.AdvertisementThe statement said the operation had been carried out with the assistance of a resistance movement it named as “Black Spark”  which it said had provided detailed information on the ships’ movements and cargoes.It did not provide details on the location and nature of the strike  or the extent of any damage.The claim was made a day after a Ukrainian official said the country’s drones had hit a Russian oil rig in the Caspian Sea for the first time.,neutral,0.01,0.78,0.2,negative,0.0,0.3,0.7,True,English,"['Russian funds', 'EU', 'hundreds', 'billions', 'French Foreign Minister Jean-Noel Barrot', 'World Bank chief Ajay Banga', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban', 'EU Council President Antonio Costa', 'Prime Minister Yulia Svyrydenko', 'BlackRock CEO Larry Fink', 'Belgian financial clearing house', 'Russian business daily Kommersant', 'Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy', 'consequential economic, financial', 'German-Ukrainian business forum', 'civilian budget needs', 'German government spokesperson', 'free economic zone', 'eastern Donetsk region', 'wider EU plans', 'The European Union', 'other EU states', 'numerous European leaders', 'indefinite asset freeze', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'potential Moscow lawsuit', 'European Council', 'Orban slams', 'Central Bank', 'indefinite freeze', 'sovereign immunity', 'United States', 'Ukrainian troops', 'demilitarised zone', 'Russian cash', 'Russian control', 'Russian lawsuits', 'Russian wishlist', 'European Commission', 'Russian assets', 'EU sanctions', 'EU leaders', 'key step', '210 billion euros', '165 billion euros', 'vast majority', 'legal risks', 'closest ally', 'separate statement', 'Diplomatic push', 'legal battle', 'ceasefire deal', 'separate documents', 'maximalist demands', 'territorial claims', 'Kyiv-held parts', 'National Guard', 'social media', 'new round', 'Jared Kushner', 'Steve Witkoff', 'diplomatic activity', 'Stefan Kornelius', 'European law', 'Russian funds', 'international law', 'security guarantees', 'US-drafted framework', 'US representatives', 'EU decision', 'eastern Ukraine', 'frozen billions', 'frozen funds', 'diplomatic efforts', 'Yuri Ushakov', 'working group', 'US framework', 'sceptical Belgium', 'reparations loan', 'Kremlin adviser', 'Moscow courts', 'move', 'Hungary', 'hundreds', 'bloc', 'governments', 'Friday', 'Slovakia', 'relations', 'future', 'money', 'commitment', 'war', 'aggression', 'damage', 'military', 'result', 'Euroclear', 'December', 'details', 'Advertisement', 'past', 'measure', 'rule', 'end', 'order', 'stripping', 'breach', 'principles', 'place', 'Europeans', 'peace', 'week', 'flurry', 'revised', 'version', 'Thursday', 'Donbas', 'area', 'comments', 'police', 'everything', 'life', 'doubts', 'impression', 'discussion', 'talks', 'reconstruction', 'stage', 'Berlin', 'Monday', 'heads', 'NATO', 'Telegram', 'Germany', 'date']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,aljazeera.com
54186,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/russia/629354-bank-russia-lawsuit-euroclear/,Russia makes legal move against Belgium’s Euroclear,The Russian Central Bank is launching legal action against Belgium-based Euroclear over losses linked to frozen state funds Read Full Article at RT.com,The central bank is suing the Western clearinghouse holding its immobilized sovereign assets for damagesRussia’s central bank has initiated legal proceedings in Moscow against the Belgian clearinghouse Euroclear  in a move that comes as the EU approaches a denouement on plans to use Russia’s frozen funds to back a loan to Ukraine.Euroclear is the custodian for more than $200 billion in Russian sovereign assets that have been immobilized under EU sanctions.The Bank of Russia announced on Friday that it will be filing a lawsuit with the Moscow City Arbitration Court. It will seek compensation for damages stemming from its “inability to manage monetary assets and securities” placed with the depository. The precise amount of the claim has not been disclosed.“We [the government]  including the central bank  are doing everything to protect our assets ” Deputy Prime Minister Aleksandr Novak told RT. “Illegal confiscations are absolutely unacceptable.”Euroclear currently holds around €185 billion ($220 billion) in Russian assets immobilized under Western sanctions. The EU has proposed using the funds as collateral for a so-called “reparation loan” to Ukraine  intended to help cover Kiev’s long-term budget shortfall.Moscow has condemned the idea as an attempted theft of its property. Euroclear сhief risk officer Guillaume Eliet said in comments to AFP that the firm still holds about €16 billion ($18.8 billion) in client assets in Russia  which could become targets of retaliatory measures for which it would be liable.The proposal has also faced resistance from both the Belgian government and Euroclear  who are warning of legal and financial risks. Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever has cautioned that moving forward would likely trigger prolonged litigation with Russia over what would amount to an unprecedented seizure of a foreign state’s assets. Belgium has insisted that any such risks be shared among multiple countries  ideally including non-EU partners.Euroclear CEO Valerie Urbain told Belgian broadcaster VRT that the initiative could push the depository toward bankruptcy as well as undermine “the attractiveness of the European market” for foreign investors.EU officials reportedly intend to change the mechanism for keeping Russian assets immobilized. The current scheme that requires a consensus vote every six months could be replaced on Friday with a more long-term solution that would potentially make the sanction indefinite and protected from a veto by a dissenting member  according to Reuters.,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.08,negative,0.0,0.19,0.8,True,English,"['legal move', 'Russia', 'Belgium', 'Euroclear', 'Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever', 'Deputy Prime Minister Aleksandr Novak', 'Moscow City Arbitration Court', 'Euroclear сhief risk officer', 'Euroclear CEO Valerie Urbain', 'Belgian broadcaster VRT', 'long-term budget shortfall', 'immobilized sovereign assets', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'Belgian clearinghouse', 'Belgian government', 'long-term solution', 'Russian assets', 'central bank', 'Western clearinghouse', 'The Bank', 'monetary assets', 'precise amount', 'Illegal confiscations', 'Western sanctions', 'Guillaume Eliet', 'client assets', 'retaliatory measures', 'prolonged litigation', 'unprecedented seizure', 'foreign state', 'multiple countries', 'European market', 'foreign investors', 'current scheme', 'consensus vote', 'dissenting member', 'EU sanctions', 'EU partners', 'EU officials', 'legal proceedings', 'reparation loan', 'financial risks', 'damages', 'move', 'denouement', 'plans', 'funds', 'Ukraine', 'custodian', 'Friday', 'lawsuit', 'compensation', 'inability', 'securities', 'depository', 'claim', 'everything', 'collateral', 'Kiev', 'idea', 'theft', 'property', 'comments', 'AFP', 'firm', 'targets', 'proposal', 'resistance', 'Belgium', 'initiative', 'bankruptcy', 'attractiveness', 'mechanism', 'veto', 'Reuters']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,rt.com
54187,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c98nnd01g91o,EU backs indefinite freeze on Russia's frozen cash ahead of big loan plan for Ukraine,Russia's central bank says it is suing Belgium's Euroclear in court following an EU bid to use Russian assets to aid Ukraine.,"EU backs indefinite freeze on Russia's frozen cash ahead of loan plan for Ukraine1 day ago Share Save Paul Kirby Europe digital editor Share SaveThierry Monasse/Getty Images Ukraine's president says it is right for Russia's frozen assets to be used to rebuild his countryEuropean Union governments have agreed to immobilise indefinitely Russian assets of up to €210bn (£185bn) that have been frozen in the EU since the start of Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine. Most of Moscow's cash is held in Belgian bank Euroclear  and European leaders are hoping to agree a deal at next week's crunch EU summit that would use the money for a loan to help Kyiv fund its military and economy. After almost four years of Russia's full-scale war Ukraine is running out of cash  and needs an estimated €135.7bn (£119bn; $159bn) over the next two years. Europe aims to provide two-thirds of that  but Russian officials accuse the EU of theft.The Russian Central Bank said on Friday it was suing Belgian bank Euroclear in a Moscow court  in response to the EU loan plan.'Only fair' to use Russia's assetsRussia's assets in the EU were frozen within days of the full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022  and €185bn of that is held by Euroclear. The EU and Ukraine argue that money should be used to rebuild what Russia has destroyed: Brussels calls it a ""reparations loan"" and has come up with a plan to prop up Ukraine's economy to the tune of €90bn. ""It's only fair that Russia's frozen assets should be used to rebuild what Russia has destroyed – and that money then becomes ours "" says Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelensky. German Chancellor Friedrich Merz says the assets will ""enable Ukraine to protect itself effectively against future Russian attacks"". Russia's court action was expected in Brussels and European Economic Commissioner Valdis Dombrovskis said on Friday that EU financial institutions were ""fully protected"" from legal proceedings. But it is not just Moscow that is unhappy. Belgium is worried it will be saddled with an enormous bill if it all goes wrong and Euroclear chief executive Valérie Urbain says using it could ""destabilise the international financial system"". Euroclear also has an estimated €16-17bn immobilised in Russia. Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever has set the EU a series of ""rational  reasonable  and justified conditions"" before he will accept the reparations plan  and he has refused to rule out legal action if it ""poses significant risks"" for his country.EPA/Shutterstock Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever discussed Europe's frozen assets plan with UK Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer on FridayWhat is the EU's plan?The EU is working to the wire ahead of next Thursday's summit to come up with a solution that Belgium can accept. Until now the EU has held off touching the assets themselves directly but since last year has paid the ""windfall profits"" from them to Ukraine. In 2024 that was €3.7bn. Legally using the interest is seen as safe as Russia is under sanction and the proceeds are not Russian sovereign property. But international military aid for Ukraine has slipped dramatically in 2025  and Europe has struggled to make up the shortfall left by the US decision to all but stop funding Ukraine under President Donald Trump.There are currently two EU proposals aimed at providing Ukraine with €90bn  to cover two-thirds of its funding needs. One is to raise the money on capital markets  backed by the EU budget as a guarantee. This is Belgium's preferred option but it requires a unanimous vote by EU leaders and that would be difficult when Hungary and Slovakia object to funding Ukraine's military. That leaves loaning Ukraine cash from the Russian assets  which were originally held in securities but have now largely matured into cash. That money is Euroclear property held in the European Central Bank. The EU's executive  the European Commission  accepts Belgium has legitimate concerns and says it is confident it has dealt with them. The plan is for Belgium to be protected with a guarantee covering all the €210bn of Russian assets in the EU. Should Euroclear suffer a loss of its own assets in Russia  a Commission source explained that would be offset from assets belonging to Russia's own clearing house which are in the EU. If Russia went after Belgium itself  any ruling by a Russian court would not be recognised in the EU. In a key development  EU ambassadors have agreed that Russia's central bank assets held in Europe should be immobilised indefinitely. Until now they have had to vote unanimously every six months to renew the freeze  which could have meant a repeated risk to Belgium. The EU ambassadors used an emergency clause under Article 122 of the EU Treaties so the assets remain frozen as long as an ""immediate threat to the economic interests of the union"" continues  or until Russia pays war reparations to Ukraine in full. Swedish Finance Minister Elisabeth Svantesson said the decision was an ""important step in enabling more support for Ukraine and protecting our democracy"".Thierry Monasse/Getty Images The German chancellor (L) says the EU's plan will enable Ukraine to defend itselfWhy Belgium is not yet satisfiedBelgium is adamant it remains a staunch ally of Ukraine  but sees legal risks in the plan and fears being left to handle the repercussions if things go wrong. A usually divided political landscape in this case has rallied behind Prime Minister Bart De Wever  who is under pressure from European colleagues. ""Very important decisions"" would be made by the EU in the coming week  he said during a meeting with UK Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer in London on Friday. He added that Belgium and the UK would work together to ""get the certainty that we can support Ukraine to stay a free  democratic and sovereign country"". The EU believes it can secure sufficient guarantees for the loan itself  but Belgium fears an added risk of being exposed to extra damages or penalties. ""Belgium is a small economy. Belgian GDP is about €565bn – imagine if it would need to shoulder a €185bn bill "" says Veerle Colaert  professor of financial law at KU Leuven University. She also believes the requirement for Euroclear to grant a loan to the EU would violate EU banking regulations. ""Banks need to comply with capital and liquidity requirements and shouldn't put all their eggs in one basket. Now the EU is telling Euroclear to do just that. ""Why do we have these bank rules? It's because we want banks to be stable. And if things go wrong it would fall to Belgium to bail out Euroclear. That's another reason why it's so important for Belgium to secure water-tight guarantees for Euroclear.""Europe under pressure from every direction",negative,0.0,0.37,0.62,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['big loan plan', 'indefinite freeze', 'EU', 'Russia', 'cash', 'Ukraine', 'EPA/Shutterstock Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever', 'Euroclear chief executive Valérie Urbain', 'Swedish Finance Minister Elisabeth Svantesson', 'Paul Kirby Europe digital editor', 'German Chancellor Friedrich Merz', 'UK Prime Minister', 'The Russian Central Bank', 'Belgian bank Euroclear', 'European Central Bank', 'international financial system', 'Sir Keir Starmer', 'future Russian attacks', 'central bank assets', 'European Economic Commissioner', 'Russian sovereign property', 'President Donald Trump', 'next two years', 'international military aid', 'EU financial institutions', 'two EU proposals', 'European Union governments', 'crunch EU summit', 'full-scale war Ukraine', 'frozen assets plan', 'EU loan plan', 'Euroclear property', 'The Germ', 'European leaders', 'European Commission', 'four years', 'Russian officials', 'Russian court', 'economic interests', 'war reparations', 'full-scale invasion', 'next week', 'next Thursday', 'The EU', 'Russian assets', 'Share Save', 'Thierry Monasse', 'Getty Images', 'Volodymyr Zelensky', 'court action', 'Valdis Dombrovskis', 'legal proceedings', 'enormous bill', 'justified conditions', 'legal action', 'significant risks', 'last year', 'windfall profits', 'capital markets', 'preferred option', 'unanimous vote', 'legitimate concerns', 'Commission source', 'clearing house', 'key development', 'repeated risk', 'emergency clause', 'immediate threat', 'important step', 'reparations plan', 'EU budget', 'EU leaders', 'EU ambassadors', 'EU Treaties', 'indefinite freeze', 'US decision', 'funding needs', 'Moscow court', 'cash', 'country', 'start', 'deal', 'money', 'Kyiv', 'economy', 'two-thirds', 'theft', 'Friday', 'response', 'days', 'February', 'Brussels', 'tune', 'Belgium', 'series', 'wire', 'solution', 'sanction', 'proceeds', 'shortfall', 'guarantee', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'securities', '€210bn', 'loss', 'ruling', 'Article', 'support', 'democracy']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,bbc.com
54188,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/russia/629384-euroclear-moscow-sue-bank/,From threats to action: Why Moscow’s case against Euroclear could be a harbinger of things to come,The Russian central bank has made the first move in what is likely to be a long game of legal chess Read Full Article at RT.com,The Russian central bank has made the first move in what is likely to be a long game of legal chessOn Friday  Russia’s central bank announced it is filing a lawsuit in a Moscow Arbitration Court against Belgian-based clearinghouse Euroclear  the custodian of around €185 billion ($220 billion) in frozen Russian assets.The announcement was made in a brief press release with no commentary. But the timing is no accident. The move comes as the EU’s contentious plan to tap the assets for a massive zero-interest loan to Ukraine is headed for some sort of denouement.The move by the central bank – a mere legal step with no accompanying fanfare – is typical for Moscow  which tends not to front-run complicated policy endeavors over social media or through provocative public statements. Russian officials have so far also tended to hew to bland statements.“We [the government]  including the central bank  are doing everything to protect our assets ” Deputy Prime Minister Aleksandr Novak told RT. “Illegal confiscations are absolutely unacceptable.”While Western observers – accustomed to the acrimonious and very public nature of policy implementation in their own countries – may be puzzled by Russian officials’ reluctance to spell out the potential implications  the signal is clear.Russia has now moved to the realm of action with regard to protecting its interests. The threat of Russian retaliation has hung over the entire EU-led asset-theft episode like the Sword of Damocles  but now an opening salvo has been fired.At face value  of course  a lawsuit against Euroclear in Moscow means little: the Russian central bank will almost certainly win the suit  and Euroclear will probably not even mount a defense in a Russian jurisdiction. Russia’s legal case is widely seen as strong even disregarding the home-field advantage.For both Euroclear and the EU  the risk is clearly far greater – but more amorphous – than whatever amount they could be on the hook for in light of a potential Russian court ruling. If Russia’s legal case spills into other jurisdictions  messy and protracted litigation could be extremely damaging for the company  not to mention for the EU’s reputation globally and its investment climate.Many advocates of the seizure plan rightly point out that Russia could hardly be expected to win a lawsuit in an EU jurisdiction. But the battleground is elsewhere.If Russia is able to secure an injunction in a neutral country where Euroclear operates  it could create logistical difficulties and tremendous reputational risks for Europe.Euroclear  by its own admission  still holds client assets amounting to around €16 billion in Russia. These funds are already frozen  but a worse fate could await them if Russia were to retaliate. Friday’s announcement of a lawsuit made no mention of those funds and whether further action could be taken with regard to them. But the announcement didn’t need to: the implication is clear.Euroclear CEO Valerie Urbain has also made reference to those funds  admitting that she fears that Russia will move against them. She has generally been outspoken in her opposition to the loan scheme and even warned that her company could face bankruptcy if sanctions against Russia are lifted  but Europe has already allocated the money elsewhere. Of course  given Euroclear’s central role in the financial system  the EU would be forced to step in.It is true the EU has invoked an emergency clause – Article 122 – which keeps the Russian funds immobilized indefinitely and hedges against a sudden removal of sanctions.But this hardly alleviates the risk that a broad agreement to end the war won’t facilitate a lifting of the freeze on the Russian assets  even if the funds being returned to their rightful owner may not be straightforward (the US has proposed allowing American companies to tap the funds  for example).For both Euroclear and the EU  this becomes much more than a question of tallying numbers on spreadsheets. A clearinghouse is not a physical asset that can withstand poor management and remain intact to be passed on to new owners. It lives by the trust investors place in it to be a reliable custodian of their assets. History has shown how quickly financial institutions can find themselves in peril once that trust is broken.Russia’s lawsuit in Moscow is hardly a decisive move  but it has pushed matters into a very uncomfortable realm for those eyeing Russia’s funds.,negative,0.0,0.24,0.76,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['threats', 'action', 'Moscow', 'case', 'Euroclear', 'harbinger', 'things', 'Deputy Prime Minister Aleksandr Novak', 'entire EU-led asset-theft episode', 'Euroclear CEO Valerie Urbain', 'potential Russian court ruling', 'brief press release', 'tremendous reputational risks', 'massive zero-interest loan', 'complicated policy endeavors', 'mere legal step', 'Moscow Arbitration Court', 'Russian officials’ reluctance', 'trust investors place', 'provocative public statements', 'Russian central bank', 'Belgian-based clearinghouse Euroclear', 'potential implications', 'public nature', 'policy implementation', 'Russian retaliation', 'Russian jurisdiction', 'loan scheme', 'central role', 'legal chess', 'legal case', 'long game', 'Russian assets', 'contentious plan', 'accompanying fanfare', 'social media', 'Illegal confiscations', 'Western observers', 'opening salvo', 'face value', 'home-field advantage', 'other jurisdictions', 'protracted litigation', 'investment climate', 'Many advocates', 'seizure plan', 'neutral country', 'logistical difficulties', 'worse fate', 'financial system', 'emergency clause', 'sudden removal', 'broad agreement', 'rightful owner', 'American companies', 'physical asset', 'poor management', 'new owners', 'financial institutions', 'Russian funds', 'first move', 'client assets', 'reliable custodian', 'decisive move', 'uncomfortable realm', 'EU jurisdiction', 'Friday', 'lawsuit', 'announcement', 'commentary', 'timing', 'accident', 'Ukraine', 'sort', 'denouement', 'run', 'government', 'everything', 'acrimonious', 'countries', 'signal', 'action', 'regard', 'interests', 'threat', 'Sword', 'Damocles', 'defense', 'amount', 'hook', 'light', 'messy', 'battleground', 'injunction', 'Europe', 'admission', 'mention', 'reference', 'opposition', 'bankruptcy', 'sanctions', 'money', 'Article', 'war', 'lifting', 'freeze', 'example', 'question', 'numbers', 'spreadsheets', 'History', 'peril', 'matters']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,rt.com
54189,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://sputnikglobe.com/20251212/bank-of-russia-launches-battle-against-euroclear-for-illegal-asset-actions-1123282037.html,Bank of Russia Launches Battle Against Euroclear for Illegal Asset Actions,MOSCOW (Sputnik) - The Bank of Russia said on Friday that it had filed a statement of claim with the Moscow Arbitration Court against the Euroclear depository for recovery of losses caused to the regulator.,"https://sputnikglobe.com/20251212/bank-of-russia-launches-battle-against-euroclear-for-illegal-asset-actions-1123282037.htmlBank of Russia Launches Battle Against Euroclear for Illegal Asset ActionsBank of Russia Launches Battle Against Euroclear for Illegal Asset ActionsSputnik InternationalThe Bank of Russia said on Friday that it had filed a statement of claim with the Moscow Arbitration Court against the Euroclear depository for recovery of losses caused to the regulator.2025-12-12T09:06+00002025-12-12T09:06+00002025-12-12T09:06+0000worldrussiaukrainebelgiumbank of russiamoscow arbitration courtassetsfrozen assetsforeign assetshttps://cdn1.img.sputnikglobe.com/img/07e6/02/10/1093087293_0:188:2973:1860_1920x0_80_0_0_627d8fc3f79216a59da076b508035aab.jpg""In connection with the illegal actions of the Euroclear depository causing losses to the Bank of Russia  as well as in connection with the mechanisms officially considered by the European Commission for the direct or indirect use of the assets of the Bank of Russia without the consent of the Bank of Russia  the Bank of Russia is filing a claim with the Moscow Arbitration Court against the Euroclear depository for recovery of losses caused to the Bank of Russia "" the bank said in a statement. Euroclear's actions caused harm to the Bank of Russia due to the inability to dispose of its funds and securities  the regulator said.The Central Bank of Russia said that it had issued a statement regarding the European Commission's plans to use its assets  calling them illegal and contrary to international law.The statement comes in response to the European Commission's remarks regarding its two solutions to support Ukraine's financing needs in 2026-2027 and its draft regulatory act on proposal establishing the reparations loan to Ukraine.The Bank of Russia also said that it reserves the right to defend its rights in all available ways without additional notice  noting that it will challenge any actions of the bloc entailing a uncoordinated use of the regulator's assets in all available competent authorities.Following the start of Russia's military operation in Ukraine in 2022  the European Union and the G7 nations froze nearly half of Russia's foreign currency reserves  totaling approximately 300 billion euros ($350 billion). Around 200 billion euros are held in European accounts  predominantly in Euroclear  a Belgium-based securities depository.The Kremlin has said that any attempts to confiscate Russian assets would be a theft and a violation of international law.https://sputnikglobe.com/20251210/belgian-pm-threatens-legal-action-against-eu-over-use-of-russian-assets-for-ukraine-1123272467.htmlrussiaukrainebelgiumSputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rossiya Segodnya“ 252 602025Sputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rossiya Segodnya“ 252 60Newsen_ENSputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rossiya Segodnya“ 252 601920 1080 true1920 1440 true1920 1920 trueSputnik International feedback@sputniknews.com +74956456601 MIA „Rossiya Segodnya“ 252 60Sputnik Internationalbank of russia  moscow arbitration court  euroclear depository for recovery of losses  illegal asset actions",neutral,0.0,0.67,0.33,negative,0.0,0.28,0.72,True,English,"['Illegal Asset Actions', 'Bank', 'Russia', 'Battle', 'Euroclear', 'moscow arbitration court assets', 'Illegal Asset Actions Bank', 'draft regulatory act', 'foreign currency reserves', 'Belgium-based securities depository', 'The Central Bank', 'Sputnik International bank', 'world russia ukraine', 'illegal actions', 'The Kremlin', 'foreign assets', 'international law', 'cdn1.img', 'European Commission', 'two solutions', 'financing needs', 'reparations loan', 'additional notice', 'competent authorities', 'military operation', 'European Union', 'G7 nations', '300 billion euros', '200 billion euros', 'European accounts', 'Rossiya Segodnya', 'The Bank', 'Russian assets', 'indirect use', 'uncoordinated use', 'Euroclear depository', 'available ways', 'belgium bank', 'sputnikglobe', 'illegal-asset-actions', 'Battle', 'Friday', 'statement', 'claim', 'recovery', 'losses', '627d8fc3f79216a59da076b508035aab', 'connection', 'mechanisms', 'consent', 'harm', 'inability', 'funds', 'plans', 'response', 'remarks', 'proposal', 'right', 'bloc', 'start', 'half', 'attempts', 'theft', 'violation', 'belgian', 'legal-action', 'russian-assets', 'sputniknews', 'MIA']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,sputnikglobe.com
54190,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/russias-central-bank-sues-belgian-123249494.html,Russia's Central Bank sues Belgian financial institution as EU mulls using Moscow's frozen assets,Russia’s Central Bank has filed a lawsuit against Belgian financial institution Euroclear  the Brussels-based clearing house that holds most of Moscow’s...,Russia’s Central Bank has filed a lawsuit against Belgian financial institution Euroclear  the Brussels-based clearing house that holds most of Moscow’s frozen assets in Europe  the bank said Friday.It wasn’t immediately clear what the lawsuit could achieve since it was filed in Moscow.The European Commission  the EU’s executive branch  estimates that 210 billion euros ($247 billion) worth of frozen Russian assets are held in Europe. At the end of September  Euroclear held around 193 billion euros ($225 billion) of the money.Russia’s Central Bank said that the lawsuit  which was filed at Moscow’s Arbitration Court  would seek to recover damages it incurred when it was barred from managing and disposing of its Euroclear funds and securities.Euroclear declined to comment on the case.In a separate statement  Russia's Central Bank also condemned wider EU plans to use Russian assets to aid Ukraine as “illegal  contrary to international law ” arguing that they violated “the principles of sovereign immunity of assets.” It's the first time that the bank has publicly commented on the plans.The EU froze Russia’s assets based in the 27-nation bloc shortly after the start of Russia’s full-scale war in Ukraine on Feb. 24  2022. These sanctions must be renewed every six months  and all EU members must approve them for that to happen.At a summit next week  EU leaders will decide whether to use tens of billions from these assets to fund Ukraine’s military and economic needs by using them as collateral for a huge loan for Kyiv.Ukraine needs funding to aid its war effort. But such a move has never been done before  and it comes with risks.The European Central Bank has warned that if Europeans appear willing to grab other countries’ money  it could undermine confidence in the euro currency.Some member nations are also concerned about inviting retaliation from Russia. Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever has refused to approve the plan  citing fears that Russia will move against against Belgium's interests.,negative,0.0,0.3,0.7,negative,0.0,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['Belgian financial institution', 'Central Bank', 'Russia', 'EU', 'Moscow', 'assets', 'Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever', 'The European Central Bank', 'Belgian financial institution', 'The European Commission', 'Brussels-based clearing house', 'other countries’ money', 'frozen Russian assets', 'wider EU plans', 'executive branch', '210 billion euros', '193 billion euros', 'Arbitration Court', 'separate statement', 'international law', 'sovereign immunity', 'first time', '27-nation bloc', 'full-scale war', 'EU members', 'EU leaders', 'economic needs', 'huge loan', 'war effort', 'euro currency', 'member nations', 'Euroclear funds', 'lawsuit', 'Moscow', 'end', 'September', 'damages', 'disposing', 'securities', 'case', 'Ukraine', 'principles', 'start', 'Feb.', 'sanctions', 'summit', 'tens', 'billions', 'military', 'collateral', 'Kyiv', 'funding', 'move', 'risks', 'Europeans', 'confidence', 'retaliation', 'fears', 'Belgium', 'interests']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,finance.yahoo.com
54191,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.euractiv.com/news/brussels-says-ukraine-loan-court-proof-after-russia-threatens-to-sue-euroclear/,Brussels says Ukraine loan ‘court-proof’ after Russia threatens to sue Euroclear,The news comes the day after EU envoys agreed to permanently freeze the Kremlin’s funds using a controversial emergency provision of the EU treaties,The European Commission has staunchly defended the legality of a proposed 210 billion loan to Ukraine using frozen Russian sovereign assets  just hours after Moscow’s central bank threatened to sue t… [+2000 chars],neutral,0.01,0.85,0.15,negative,0.0,0.3,0.7,True,English,"['Ukraine loan', 'Brussels', 'Russia', 'Euroclear', 'frozen Russian sovereign assets', 'The European Commission', '210 billion loan', 'central bank', 'legality', 'Ukraine', 'Moscow', '2000 chars']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,euractiv.com
54192,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rte.ie/news/europe/2025/1212/1548621-eu-russia/,EU agrees to indefinitely freeze Russian assets,The European Union is set to indefinitely freeze Russian central bank assets held in Europe  removing a big obstacle to using the cash to help Ukraine defend itself against Russia's invasion.,"The European Union has agreed to indefinitely freeze Russian central bank assets held in Europe  removing a big obstacle to using the cash to help Ukraine defend itself against Russia's invasion.The EU wants to keep Ukraine financed and fighting as its sees Russia's invasion as a threat to its own security.To do so  EU states aim to put to work some of the Russian sovereign assets they immobilised after Moscow's 2022 invasion of Ukraine.A first big step  which EU governments have now agreed  is to immobilise €210 billion worth of Russian sovereign assets.The new freeze  which would stay in place ""until there is no longer an immediate threat to the economic interests of the Union""  will replace the current system which requires a roll-over of the freeze every six months by unanimity.This removes the risk that Hungary and Slovakia  which have better relations with Moscow than other EU states  could refuse to roll over the freeze at some point forcing the EU to return the money to Russia.Speaking from Brussels  Tánaiste Simon Harris said the immobilisation of Russian assets on a longer-term basis is a ""really important step to take"".""We must always understand the aggressor has to pay "" said Mr Harris.He also said he hopes that Europe can fulfil its commitment to Ukraine in delivering a ""loan system that works"" to bring ""much needed support"" to Ukrainians.Russian central bank suing EuroclearHungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said in a post on Facebook he believed the EU move would ""cause irreparable damage to the Union"".""Hungary protests against this decision and will do everything it can to restore a lawful state of affairs "" Mr Orban wrote.Russia's central bank said that EU plans to use its assets were illegal and that it reserved the right to employ all available means to protect its interests.Victor Orbán said Hungary will oppose the EU decisionIn a separate statement  the bank said it was suing the Brussels-based central securities depository Euroclear - which holds €185bn of the total assets frozen in Europe - in a Moscow court over what it said were damaging actions  affecting its ability to dispose of its funds and securities.Belgium's Euroclear has been subject to Russian lawsuits in Moscow courts since the EU froze the assets in 2022 following Russia's invasion of Ukraine.EU seeks support for planned loan to UkraineThe indefinite asset freeze is meant to help convince Belgium to support the EU's plan to use the frozen Russian cash to extend a loan of up to €165bn to Ukraine to cover its military and civilian budget needs in 2026 and 2027.The loan would be paid back by Ukraine only when Russia pays Kyiv war damages  making the loan effectively a grant that advances future Russian reparations payments.""We think that the reparations proposal is by far the best option also because it doesn't stress countries  public finances  public debt levels "" Danish Finance Minister Stephanie Lose  whose country holds the rotating EU presidency  said.""There's still some worries that need to be addressed. There are still of course countries that have concerns. It's natural that there's a discussion  but we'll continue to work to clarify all the elements and hopefully we'll be able to pave the way towards a decision at the European Council next week "" she told reporters on entering a meeting of EU finance ministers.The European Council is to meet on 18 December to finalise the details of the reparations loan to Ukraine  hammering out the remaining problems which include guarantees from all EU governments for Belgium that it would not be left alone to foot the bill should a potential Moscow lawsuit prove successful.Additional reporting Róisín Cullen",neutral,0.07,0.82,0.11,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'EU', 'Danish Finance Minister Stephanie Lose', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban', 'Róisín Cullen', 'Tánaiste Simon Harris', 'based central securities depository', 'future Russian reparations payments', 'Russian central bank assets', 'Victor Orbán', 'civilian budget needs', 'Kyiv war damages', 'EU finance ministers', 'public debt levels', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'The European Council', 'first big step', 'frozen Russian cash', 'rotating EU presidency', 'potential Moscow lawsuit', 'indefinite asset freeze', 'other EU states', 'The European Union', 'Mr Orban', 'Russian assets', 'Mr Harris', 'Russian lawsuits', 'reparations proposal', 'big obstacle', 'important step', 'public finances', 'total assets', '€210 billion worth', 'current system', 'longer-term basis', 'irreparable damage', 'lawful state', 'available means', 'separate statement', 'damaging actions', 'best option', 'reparations loan', 'remaining problems', 'Additional reporting', 'EU governments', 'EU move', 'EU plans', 'Moscow court', 'new freeze', 'immediate threat', 'economic interests', 'loan system', 'Hungary protests', 'EU decision', 'Ukraine', 'invasion', 'security', 'work', 'place', 'roll', 'unanimity', 'risk', 'Slovakia', 'relations', 'point', 'money', 'Brussels', 'immobilisation', 'aggressor', 'commitment', 'support', 'Ukrainians', 'Euroclear', 'post', 'Facebook', 'everything', 'affairs', 'right', 'ability', 'funds', 'Belgium', 'military', 'grant', 'countries', 'country', 'worries', 'course', 'concerns', 'discussion', 'elements', 'way', 'reporters', 'meeting', '18 December', 'details', 'guarantees']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,rte.ie
54193,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/629366-slovakia-against-reparations-loan/,EU ‘prolonging the war’ with plan to steal Russian assets – Fico,Slovakia will vote against measures allowing the use of frozen Russian assets to fund Kiev’s war effort  Prime Minister Robert Fico has said Read Full Article at RT.com,Slovakia will not back the “reparations loan” for Kiev proposed by the European Commission  the PM has saidSlovakia will vote against any measures allowing the EU to use frozen Russian assets to cover Ukraine’s “military expenses ” Prime Minister Robert Fico has said.Kiev’s Western backers froze about $300 billion in Russian central bank assets after the conflict escalated in 2022  most of it held at Brussels-based Euroclear. A sharp dispute has since emerged between nations pushing to use the frozen funds as collateral for a “reparations loan” for Kiev and those firmly against it  citing legal and financial risks. EU members are set to vote on the plan next week.Fico  a long-time opponent of the scheme  reiterated his stance at a parliamentary session on Thursday  saying he had written to European Council President Antonio Costa to express his firm opposition.“I cannot  and will not under any pressure  endorse any solution to support Ukraine’s military expenditures ” Fico said  reading from his letter. “The policy of peace that I consistently advocate prevents me from voting in favor of prolonging military conflict  because providing tens of billions of euros for military spending is prolonging the war.”Multiple EU states have raised concerns over the loan scheme  citing legal and financial risks  including Hungary  Germany  France  and Italy. Belgium  which holds the bulk of the assets  has condemned the plan as tantamount to “stealing” Russian money.The European Commission is set to vote Friday on legislation that would strip member states of veto powers over the frozen assets – a move seen as the first step toward pushing through the ‘reparations loan’ scheme. The plan  which relies on an emergency clause in EU treaties allowing decisions by qualified majority  would let the bloc keep the assets frozen indefinitely and use their profits to support Ukraine even over member-state objections. Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban called the plan “unlawful ” accusing EU officials of “raping European law.”Moscow has condemned any attempt to use its assets as illegal. Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said this week that by pushing the “reparations loan” scheme  Western Europe is “acting suicidal.”“Such steps will inevitably impact the stability of the Eurozone and the attractiveness of EU jurisdiction for foreign investors ” she warned  adding that Russia will retaliate against any expropriation.,neutral,0.0,0.55,0.45,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'EU', 'war', 'plan', 'Fico', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban', 'Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova', 'European Council President Antonio Costa', 'Prime Minister Robert Fico', 'Russian central bank assets', 'The European Commission', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Multiple EU states', 'reparations loan’ scheme', 'reparations loan” scheme', 'foreign investors', 'Russian money', 'European law', 'loan scheme', 'member states', 'frozen assets', 'military expenses', 'Western backers', 'Brussels-based Euroclear', 'sharp dispute', 'financial risks', 'EU members', 'time opponent', 'parliamentary session', 'firm opposition', 'military expenditures', 'military spending', 'veto powers', 'first step', 'emergency clause', 'EU treaties', 'qualified majority', 'member-state objections', 'EU officials', 'Western Europe', 'EU jurisdiction', 'military conflict', 'Slovakia', 'Kiev', 'PM', 'measures', 'Ukraine', 'nations', 'funds', 'collateral', 'legal', 'plan', 'long', 'stance', 'Thursday', 'pressure', 'solution', 'letter', 'policy', 'peace', 'favor', 'tens', 'billions', 'euros', 'war', 'concerns', 'Hungary', 'Germany', 'France', 'Italy', 'Belgium', 'bulk', 'legislation', 'move', 'decisions', 'bloc', 'profits', 'Moscow', 'attempt', 'steps', 'stability', 'Eurozone', 'attractiveness', 'expropriation']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,rt.com
54194,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/629370-putin-erdogan-talks-kremlin/,Kremlin outlines results of Putin-Erdogan talks,Russian President Vladimir Putin and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan discussed cooperation and regional issues in Turkmenistan Read Full Article at RT.com,The Russian and Turkish presidents have discussed cooperation  regional matters  and key international issues in TurkmenistanRussian President Vladimir Putin and his Turkish counterpart  Recep Tayyip Erdogan  discussed cooperation  regional matters  and key international issues in Turkmenistan on Friday  the Kremlin has said.The meeting took place on the sidelines of the Peace and Trust: Unity of Goals for a Sustainable Future International Forum and lasted around 40 minutes.Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov described the talks as positive  saying relations between the two countries continue to develop across all areas.“The multi-faceted and diversified nature of our relations  especially in the trade and economic sphere  makes it possible to cope with difficulties at the international level and with pressure from third countries ” Peskov told reporters.He noted that major joint projects remain on the agenda  with priority given to the continued construction of Türkiye’s Akkuyu Nuclear Power Plant  the country’s first. Ankara expects the facility to be commissioned on time and Russia’s Rosatom is capable of meeting all its obligations  Peskov said.The leaders also exchanged views on the Ukraine conflict. According to Turkish media reports  Ankara is eager to host another round of talks to break the deadlock over peace negotiations.Putin and Erdogan also discussed what Peskov called European efforts to stage a “grandiose fraud” with frozen Russian assets  saying both agreed that this risks damaging the foundations of the international financial system.The EU is reportedly looking to indefinitely freeze around €210 billion ($246 billion) in Russian central bank assets held at Belgium-based Euroclear to back a loan for Ukraine. The Bank of Russia has initiated legal proceedings.,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.02,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['Putin-Erdogan talks', 'Kremlin', 'results', 'Akkuyu Nuclear Power Plant', 'Sustainable Future International Forum', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'Russian central bank assets', 'frozen Russian assets', 'key international issues', 'major joint projects', 'international financial system', 'Turkish media reports', 'Recep Tayyip Erdogan', 'The Russian', 'international level', 'The Bank', 'Turkish presidents', 'Turkish counterpart', 'regional matters', 'two countries', 'diversified nature', 'economic sphere', 'third countries', 'continued construction', 'Türkiye', 'European efforts', 'grandiose fraud', 'Belgium-based Euroclear', 'legal proceedings', 'Kremlin spokesperson', 'Ukraine conflict', 'peace negotiations', 'Dmitry Peskov', 'cooperation', 'Turkmenistan', 'Friday', 'meeting', 'place', 'sidelines', 'Trust', 'Unity', 'Goals', '40 minutes', 'talks', 'relations', 'areas', 'multi-faceted', 'trade', 'difficulties', 'pressure', 'reporters', 'agenda', 'priority', 'country', 'Ankara', 'facility', 'time', 'Rosatom', 'obligations', 'leaders', 'views', 'round', 'deadlock', 'foundations', 'loan']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,rt.com
54195,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://japantoday.com/category/world/eu-agrees-to-indefinitely-freeze-russian-assets-removing-obstacle-to-ukraine-loan1,EU agrees to indefinitely freeze Russian assets  removing obstacle to Ukraine loan,The European Union agreed on Friday to indefinitely freeze Russian central bank assets held in Europe  removing a big obstacle to using the cash to help Ukraine defend itself against Russia. The EU wants to keep ‌Ukraine financed and fighting as it sees Russi…,"A street cleaner walks near sculptures at the foot of skyscrapers of the Moscow International Business Centre  also known as Moskva-City  in Moscow  Russia  October 2  2025. REUTERS/Ramil Sitdikov/File PhotoBy Jan StrupczewskiThe European Union agreed on Friday to indefinitely freeze Russian central bank assets held in Europe  removing a big obstacle to using the cash to help Ukraine defend itself against Russia.The EU wants to keep ‌Ukraine financed and fighting as it sees Russia's invasion as a threat to its own security. To do so  EU states aim to put to work some of the Russian sovereign assets they immobilised after Moscow's 2022 invasion of Ukraine.A first big step  which EU governments agreed on Friday  is to immobilise ⁠210 billion euros ($246 billion) worth of Russian sovereign assets for as long as needed instead of ‍voting every six months on extending the asset freeze.This removes the risk that Hungary and Slovakia  ‍which have better relations with Moscow ‍than other EU states  could refuse to roll over the freeze at some point  forcing the EU to return the money ⁠to Russia.PLANNED LOAN TO UKRAINEThe indefinite asset freeze is meant to help convince Belgium to support the EU's plan to use the frozen Russian cash to extend a loan of up to 165 billion ​euros to Ukraine to cover its military and civilian budget needs in 2026 and 2027.The loan would be paid back by Ukraine only when Russia pays Kyiv war damages  making the loan effectively a grant that advances future Russian reparations payments.EU leaders - the European Council - are to meet on December 18 to finalise details of the reparations loan and resolve remaining problems  which include guarantees from all EU governments for Belgium that it would not be left alone to foot the bill ⁠should a potential Moscow lawsuit prove successful.Before that  Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy will visit Berlin for talks with German Chancellor Friedrich Merz on Monday  with further European  EU and NATO leaders joining them later  the German government said.Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Svyrydenko  writing on X social platform in English  praised the decision as a ""landmark step toward justice and accountability"".""This decision strengthens the foundation for the reparations loan mechanism and brings us closer to a future in which Russia pays for its crimes and destruction caused "" she wrote.Germany sees no alternative to the reparations loan and would provide 50 billion euros in guarantees  European diplomatic sources said.Danish Finance Minister Stephanie Lose  whose country holds the rotating EU presidency  told reporters ""some worries"" still needed to be addressed but ""hopefully we'll be able to pave the way towards a decision at the European Council next week.""European Commissioner for Economy Valdis Dombrovskis said solid guarantees were being put together for Belgium.RUSSIAN CENTRAL BANK SAYS IT'S SUING EUROCLEARHungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said on Facebook he believed the EU move to freeze Russian assets indefinitely via a qualified majority vote - requiring the support of ​15 of the 27 member states representing 65% of the EU population - would cause irreparable damage to the bloc.Hungary would do all it could to ""restore a lawful state of affairs "" he said.Russia's central bank said the EU plans to use its ⁠assets were illegal and reserved the right to use all available means to protect its interests  remarks shrugged off by Dombrovskis.The bank also said it was suing the Brussels-based central securities depository Euroclear - which holds 185 billion euros of the total assets frozen in Europe - in a Moscow court over what it said were ‍damaging actions  affecting its ability to dispose of its funds and securities.Euroclear has been subject to Russian lawsuits in Moscow ‌courts since the EU froze the assets in ‌2022.EU ACCESSION TALKSThe Financial Times reported that Ukraine could join the ‍EU by January 1  2027 under proposals being discussed in U.S.-mediated talks on ending the war.Talks on EU accession  a long-held goal for Kyiv as it seeks ‌to move further out of Moscow's orbit  usually take many years.A European diplomat briefed on the ‍plan said Ukrainian accession would be ""extremely difficult"" to achieve by 2027 and that it was not clear whether the EU leadership backed this.Several other European officials and diplomats said the target date was ""absolutely impossible.""© Thomson Reuters 2025.",neutral,0.05,0.85,0.1,mixed,0.11,0.16,0.73,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'Ukraine loan', 'EU', 'obstacle', 'Danish Finance Minister Stephanie Lose', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban', 'Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Svyrydenko', 'Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy', 'German Chancellor Friedrich Merz', 'U.S.-mediated talks', 'Several other European officials', 'Moscow International Business Centre', 'Brussels-based central securities depository', 'future Russian reparations payments', 'Russian central bank assets', 'civilian budget needs', 'X social platform', 'qualified majority vote', 'The Financial Times', 'The European Union', 'European diplomatic sources', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'first big step', 'frozen Russian cash', 'potential Moscow lawsuit', 'rotating EU presidency', 'other EU states', 'indefinite asset freeze', 'reparations loan mechanism', 'Kyiv war damages', 'EU ACCESSION TALKS', 'Ukrainian accession', 'Russian assets', 'German government', 'Russian lawsuits', 'European Council', 'European Commissioner', 'big obstacle', 'landmark step', '27 member states', 'total assets', 'street cleaner', 'File Photo', 'Jan Strupczewski', '210 billion euros', '165 billion \u200beuros', 'remaining problems', 'NATO leaders', '50 billion euros', 'irreparable damage', 'lawful state', 'available means', '185 billion euros', 'many years', 'target date', 'Moscow court', 'Moscow \u200ccourts', 'EU governments', 'EU leaders', 'EU move', 'EU population', 'EU plans', 'PLANNED LOAN', 'Valdis Dombrovskis', 'Thomson Reuters', 'solid guarantees', 'SUING EUROCLEAR', '\u200dEU', 'sculptures', 'foot', 'skyscrapers', 'Moskva-City', 'Friday', 'Ukraine', 'invasion', 'threat', 'security', 'work', 'worth', 'risk', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'relations', 'point', 'money', 'Belgium', 'military', 'grant', 'December', 'details', 'Berlin', 'Monday', 'English', 'decision', 'justice', 'accountability', 'foundation', 'crimes', 'destruction', 'Germany', 'alternative', 'country', 'reporters', 'worries', 'way', 'Economy', 'Facebook', 'support', 'bloc', 'affairs', 'right', 'interests', 'remarks', 'maging', 'actions', 'funds', 'January', 'proposals', 'goal', 'orbit', '\u200dplan', 'diplomats']",2025-12-13,2025-12-13,japantoday.com
54196,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.bostonherald.com/2025/12/12/eu-russian-assets/,EU indefinitely freezes Russian assets so Hungary and Slovakia can’t veto their use for Ukraine,The EU used a special procedure meant for economic emergencies.,By LORNE COOKBRUSSELS (AP) — The European Union on Friday indefinitely froze Russia’s assets in Europe to ensure that Hungary and Slovakia  both with Moscow-friendly governments  can’t prevent the billions of euros from being used to support Ukraine.Using a special procedure meant for economic emergencies  the EU blocked the assets until Russia gives up its war on Ukraine and compensates its neighbor for the heavy damage that it has inflicted for almost four years.EU Council President António Costa said European leaders had committed in October “to keep Russian assets immobilized until Russia ends its war of aggression against Ukraine and compensates for the damage caused. Today we delivered on that commitment.”It’s a key step that will allow EU leaders to work out at a summit next week how to use the tens of billions of euros in Russian Central Bank assets to underwrite a huge loan to help Ukraine meet its financial and military needs over the next two years.“Next step: securing Ukraine’s financial needs for 2026–27 ” added Costa  who will chair the summit on Dec. 18.FILE – The European Union and Ukrainian flags flap in the wind to mark the third anniversary of Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine outside EU headquarters in Brussels  Feb. 24  2025. (AP Photo/Virginia Mayo  File)FILE – From left  Belgium’s Prime Minister Bart De Wever  Germany’s Chancellor Friedrich Merz  Hungary’s Prime Minister Viktor Orban and Slovakia’s Prime Minister Robert Fico attend a round table meeting at an EU summit in Brussels  Thursday  June 26  2025. (AP Photo/Geert Vanden Wijngaert  File)FILE – A view of the headquarters of Euroclear in Brussels  on Oct. 23  2025. (AP Photo/Geert Vanden Wijngaert  File)FILE – Russian President Vladimir Putin  right  and Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban shake hands during their meeting at the Senate Palace of the Kremlin in Moscow  Russia  Nov. 28  2025. (Alexander Nemenov/Pool Photo via AP  File)European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen speaks during a media conference regarding Ukraine’s financing needs for 2026-2027 at EU headquarters in Brussels  Wednesday  Dec. 3  2025. (AP Photo/Harry Nakos) Show Caption 1 of 5 FILE – The European Union and Ukrainian flags flap in the wind to mark the third anniversary of Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine outside EU headquarters in Brussels  Feb. 24  2025. (AP Photo/Virginia Mayo  File) ExpandThe move also prevents the assets  estimated to total around 210 billion euros ($247 billion)  from being used in any negotiations to end the war without European approval.A 28-point plan drafted by U.S. and Russian envoys stipulated that the EU would release the frozen assets for use by Ukraine  Russia and the United States. That plan  which surfaced last month  was rejected by Ukraine and its backers in Europe.Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán – Russian President Vladimir Putin’s closest ally in Europe – accused the European Commission  which prepared the decision  “of systematically raping European law.”The vast majority of the funds — around 193 billion euros ($225 billion) at the end of September — are held in Euroclear  a Belgian financial clearing house.The money was frozen under sanctions that the EU imposed on Russia over the war it launched on Feb. 24  2022  but these sanctions must be renewed every six months  and all 27 member countries must approve them for that to happen.Hungary and Slovakia oppose providing more support to Ukraine.Friday’s decision  which is based on EU treaty rules allowing the bloc to protect its economic interests in certain emergency situations  prevents them from blocking the sanctions rollover and make it easier to use the assets.Orbán said on social media that it means that “the rule of law in the European Union comes to an end  and Europe’s leaders are placing themselves above the rules.”“The European Commission is systematically raping European law. It is doing this in order to continue the war in Ukraine  a war that clearly isn’t winnable ” he wrote. He said that Hungary “will do everything in its power to restore a lawful order.”In a letter to Costa  Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico said that he would refuse to back any move that “would include covering Ukraine’s military expenses for the coming years.”He warned “that the use of frozen Russian assets could directly jeopardize U.S. peace efforts  which directly count on the use of these resources for the reconstruction of Ukraine.”But the commission argues that the war has imposed heavy costs by hiking energy prices and stunting economic growth in the EU  which has already provided nearly 200 billion euros ($235 billion) in support to Ukraine.Belgium  where Euroclear is based  is opposed to the “reparations loan” plan. It says that the plan “entails consequential economic  financial and legal risks ” and has called on other EU countries to share the risk.Russia’s Central Bank  meanwhile  said on Friday that it has filed a lawsuit in Moscow against Euroclear for damages it says were caused when Moscow was barred from managing the assets. Euroclear declined to comment.In a separate statement  the Central Bank also described wider EU plans to use Russian assets to aid Ukraine as “illegal  contrary to international law ” arguing that they violated “the principles of sovereign immunity of assets.”Karel Janicek in Prague  Sylvie Corbet in Paris and Katie Marie Davies in Manchester  England  contributed to this report.,negative,0.0,0.46,0.53,negative,0.0,0.19,0.81,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'EU', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'use', 'Ukraine', 'European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán', 'EU Council President António Costa', 'Prime Minister Bart De Wever', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban', 'Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'Belgian financial clearing house', 'U.S. peace efforts', 'Russian Central Bank assets', 'The European Commission', 'Chancellor Friedrich Merz', 'Geert Vanden Wijngaert', 'The European Union', 'round table meeting', 'next two years', 'consequential economic, financial', 'other EU countries', 'frozen Russian assets', 'EU treaty rules', 'Russian envoys', 'European approval', 'Next step', 'financial needs', '27 member countries', 'European leaders', 'European law', 'frozen assets', 'four years', 'coming years', 'economic emergencies', 'economic interests', 'economic growth', 'LORNE COOK', 'Moscow-friendly governments', 'special procedure', 'key step', 'huge loan', 'military needs', 'Ukrainian flags', 'third anniversary', 'full-scale invasion', 'Virginia Mayo', 'Senate Palace', 'Pool Photo', 'media conference', 'financing needs', 'Harry Nakos', 'Show Caption', 'United States', 'closest ally', 'vast majority', 'emergency situations', 'social media', 'military expenses', 'heavy costs', 'energy prices', 'reparations loan', 'legal risks', 'EU headquarters', 'EU leaders', 'AP Photo', '210 billion euros', '193 billion euros', '200 billion euros', 'heavy damage', 'EU summit', 'lawful order', 'sanctions rollover', '28-point plan', 'BRUSSELS', 'Friday', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'billions', 'Ukraine', 'war', 'neighbor', 'October', 'aggression', 'commitment', 'tens', 'Dec.', 'FILE', 'wind', 'Feb.', 'left', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'Thursday', 'view', 'Euroclear', 'Oct.', 'right', 'hands', 'Kremlin', 'Wednesday', 'move', 'negotiations', 'backers', 'decision', 'funds', 'September', 'money', 'support', 'bloc', 'everything', 'power', 'letter', 'resources', 'reconstruction', 'lawsuit', 'damages']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,bostonherald.com
54197,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/0ff748913fddff1a,Dombrovskis: Euroclear protected from legal cases,"European Commissioner for Economy and Productivity Valdis Dombrovskis insisted on Friday that central securities depositories (CSDs) such as Euroclear are ""fully protected"" from legal proceedings afte...","European Commissioner for Economy and Productivity Valdis Dombrovskis insisted on Friday that central securities depositories (CSDs) such as Euroclear are ""fully protected"" from legal proceedings afte...This story appeared on breakingthenews.net   2025-12-12 13:37:00.",neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['legal cases', 'Dombrovskis', 'Euroclear', 'central securities depositories', 'European Commissioner', 'Valdis Dombrovskis', 'legal proceedings', 'breakingthenews.net', 'Economy', 'Productivity', 'Friday', 'CSDs', 'Euroclear', 'story']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,biztoc.com
54198,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/1c5e9f8a3430647c,Russia sues EU's frozen asset custodian Euroclear,The Russian Central Bank (CBRF) announced on Friday that it has filed a lawsuit at the Moscow Arbitration Court against the Brussels-based central securities depository (CSD) Euroclear  which acts as ...,The Russian Central Bank (CBRF) announced on Friday that it has filed a lawsuit at the Moscow Arbitration Court against the Brussels-based central securities depository (CSD) Euroclear  which acts as ...This story appeared on breakingthenews.net   2025-12-12 11:15:00.,negative,0.0,0.48,0.51,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['frozen asset custodian', 'Russia', 'EU', 'The Russian Central Bank', 'Brussels-based central securities depository', 'Moscow Arbitration Court', 'breakingthenews.net', 'CBRF', 'Friday', 'lawsuit', 'CSD', 'Euroclear', 'story']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,biztoc.com
54199,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/58cc2c203deb71bc,Russia sues Euroclear over frozen assets,Legal challenge is first shot across the bows as Brussels aims to use funds for €90bn loan to Ukraine,Legal challenge is first shot across the bows as Brussels aims to use funds for €90bn loan to UkraineThis story appeared on ft.com   2025-12-12 10:48:02.,negative,0.0,0.37,0.63,neutral,0.0,0.89,0.1,True,English,"['frozen assets', 'Russia', 'Euroclear', 'Legal challenge', '€90bn loan', 'ft.com', 'bows', 'Brussels', 'funds', 'Ukraine', 'story']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,biztoc.com
54200,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://legalinsurrection.com/2025/12/russia-intensifies-ukraine-offensive-as-eu-plans-to-seize-moscows-frozen-assets/,Russia Intensifies Ukraine Offensive as EU Plans to Seize Moscow’s Frozen Assets,"""Russia attacked the Ukrainian port city of Odesa in the south of the country overnight on Friday  damaging civilian infrastructure and leaving parts of the city without electricity and water.""The post Russia Intensifies Ukraine Offensive as EU Plans to Seiz…","Russia is widening its military offensive in Ukraine as Europe  on Friday  unveiled a bold plan to transfer frozen Russian assets to Kyiv. Amid reports of Russian troops gaining ground in the east  the southern Ukrainian city of Odesa was hit by overnight drone strikes  cutting the power and water supply.A bulk carrier in Ukraine's Odesa region suffered damage and was on fire after a Russian attack on Friday – @ReutersOne of the sources said the vessel was in the port of Chornomorsk  one of Odesa region's three big Black Sea ports. Russia last week threatened to ""cut Ukraine… pic.twitter.com/tLbyR4rclX — Iuliia Mendel (@IuliiaMendel) December 12  2025The disruption of public utilities in the Ukrainian hinterland has been Russia’s usual strategy of demoralizing the country’s population  particularly during the winter months. “Russia attacked the Ukrainian port city of Odesa in the south of the country overnight on Friday  damaging civilian infrastructure and leaving parts of the city without electricity and water ” French TV channel Euronews reported. “Russia has intensified its attacks against Ukraine’s critical infrastructure with the arrival of colder weather  in a repeat of what Moscow has done as part of its war strategy in previous years.”The overnight strikes come as Russia is ramping up its winter offensive. In recent days  the Russian military has claimed the capture of the eastern Ukrainian towns of Pokrovsk and Siversk.EU moves to seize frozen Russia assets to fund Ukraine warMeanwhile  Britain  Germany  and France are firmly backing a European Union plan to use frozen Russian assets to finance the Ukraine war. “The EU has moved to create a legal basis to use Russian state assets for Ukraine by majority vote  aiming to block the funds from ever being returned to Moscow ” Germany’s DW TV reported Friday.Most of the frozen Russian state assets in Europe are held by the Belgium-based financial clearing house Euroclear. BBC noted on that “In total  Russia has about €210bn of its assets  frozen in the EU within days of the full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022  and €185bn of that is held by Euroclear.”The Associated Press detailed the EU’s plan:The European Union is expected on Friday to lock up Russia’s assets held in Europe until it gives up its war in Ukraine and compensates its neighbor for the heavy damage that it has inflicted for almost four years. The move is an important step that would allow EU leaders to work out at a summit next week how to use the tens of billions of euros in Russian Central Bank assets to underwrite a huge loan to help Ukraine meet its financial and military needs over the next two years. Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán – Russian President Vladimir Putin’s closest ally in Europe – accused the European Commission  which prepared the decision  “of systematically raping European law.” A total of 210 billion euros ($247 billion) in Russian assets are frozen in Europe. The vast majority of the funds — around 193 billion euros ($225 billion) at the end of September — are held in Euroclear  a Belgian financial clearing house.While the UK and most EU members support the move  criticism came from Hungary  with Prime Minister Viktor Orban slamming it as “clearly unlawful.”Today  the Brusselians are crossing the Rubicon. At noon  a written vote will take place that will cause irreparable damage to the Union. The subject of the vote is the frozen Russian assets  on which the EU member states have so far voted every 6 months and adopted a unanimous… — Orbán Viktor (@PM_ViktorOrban) December 12  2025Russia countered the European action by filing a lawsuit on Friday against Belgium’s Euroclear. “Russia’s Central Bank said on Friday that it had filed a lawsuit in Moscow against the Belgium-based depository that holds about 185 billion euros ($217 billion) in immobilized Russian state assets  which European officials are looking to use to extend a giant loan to Ukraine ” The New York Times reported.Zelensky visits frontline  says Ukraine pushing back Russians in the eastPresident Zelensky  on Friday  visited the eastern frontline and announced that the Ukrainian military was pushing back against the Russian forces and advancing on the ground.”Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskyy said he had visited troops fending off Russian advances near the embattled city of Kupiansk that Moscow claimed to have captured  which Kyiv denies ” The Guardian (UK) reported Friday. “Earlier today  the Ukrainian military said it had liberated several villages near the north-eastern town of Kupiansk.”Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky visited front-line troops in Kupiansk on Tuesday  countering President Vladimir Putin’s recent claim that the city is under Russian control. Zelensky said he met units engaged in ongoing operations and praised soldiers “destroying the… pic.twitter.com/2JVcSNYYNd — Open Source Intel (@Osint613) December 12  2025Donations tax deductibleto the full extent allowed by law.",neutral,0.0,0.68,0.31,negative,0.0,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['EU Plans', 'Frozen Assets', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'Moscow', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán', 'three big Black Sea ports', 'Prime Minister Viktor Orban', 'Belgian financial clearing house', 'The New York Times', 'Belgium-based financial clearing house', 'Orbán Viktor', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'Russian Central Bank assets', 'Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky', 'The Associated Press', 'Open Source Intel', 'French TV channel', 'next two years', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Russian state assets', 'eastern Ukrainian towns', 'overnight drone strikes', 'most EU members', 'EU member states', 'The European Union', 'southern Ukrainian city', 'frozen Russia assets', 'European Union plan', 'Ukrainian port city', 'overnight strikes', 'Belgium-based depository', 'President Zelensky', 'Volodymyr Zelenskyy', 'The Guardian', 'Ukrainian hinterland', 'Ukrainian military', 'Russian attack', 'Russian military', 'Russian forces', 'Russian advances', 'Russian control', 'DW TV', 'previous years', 'four years', 'European Commission', 'European action', 'European officials', 'Russian troops', 'military offensive', 'bold plan', 'bulk carrier', 'Iuliia Mendel', 'public utilities', 'usual strategy', 'winter months', 'civilian infrastructure', 'critical infrastructure', 'colder weather', 'winter offensive', 'legal basis', 'full-scale invasion', 'important step', 'huge loan', 'military needs', 'closest ally', 'vast majority', 'giant loan', 'eastern frontline', 'several villages', 'north-eastern town', 'recent claim', 'ongoing operations', 'full extent', 'European law', 'war strategy', '210 billion euros', '193 billion euros', '185 billion euros', 'EU leaders', 'majority vote', 'heavy damage', 'written vote', 'irreparable damage', 'front-line troops', 'water supply', 'Odesa region', 'recent days', 'Ukraine war', 'Friday', 'Kyiv', 'reports', 'ground', 'power', 'fire', 'sources', 'vessel', 'Chornomorsk', 'tLbyR4rclX', 'IuliiaMendel', 'disruption', 'country', 'population', 'parts', 'electricity', 'Euronews', 'attacks', 'arrival', 'repeat', 'Moscow', 'capture', 'Pokrovsk', 'Siversk', 'Britain', 'Germany', 'France', 'funds', 'Euroclear', 'BBC', 'total', 'February', 'neighbor', 'move', 'summit', 'tens', 'billions', 'decision', 'September', 'criticism', 'Hungary', 'Brusselians', 'Rubicon', 'noon', 'place', 'subject', 'unanimous', 'PM_ViktorOrban', 'lawsuit', 'Russians', 'Kupiansk', 'Tuesday', 'units', 'soldiers', 'JVcSNYYNd', 'Osint6', 'Donations', 'deductible']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,legalinsurrection.com
54201,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/0c6783f2e3b3961e,Russia Says It’s Suing Euroclear in Moscow Over Frozen Assets,,"{ window.open(this.href  '_blank'); }  200); return false;"" is greater than Why is Lululemons CEO stepping down? { window.open(this.href  '_blank'); }  200); return false;"" is greater than How will Disneys OpenAI deal impact … [+736 chars]",neutral,0.01,0.82,0.17,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Frozen Assets', 'Russia', 'Moscow', 'OpenAI deal impact', 'Lululemons CEO', 'Disneys', '736 chars']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,biztoc.com
54202,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/2a39a6f074e748de,Russian Central Bank Sues Euroclear As EU Tries To Ram Through Assets Seizure,Russian Central Bank Sues Euroclear As EU Tries To Ram Through Assets Seizure In what could prove a well-timed preemptive attack and shot across the bow  Russia’s Central Bank (CBR) announced Friday it has initiated legal action against Euroclear  one of Eu…,Russian Central Bank Sues Euroclear As EU Tries To Ram Through Assets SeizureIn what could prove a well-timed preemptive attack and shot across the bow  Russia’s Central Bank (CBR) announced Friday it has initiated legal action against Euroclear  one of Europe's largest securities…This story appeared on zerohedge.com   2025-12-12 17:25:00.,neutral,0.01,0.91,0.08,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,True,English,"['Russian Central Bank', 'Assets Seizure', 'EU', 'Russian Central Bank', 'Assets Seizure', 'preemptive attack', 'legal action', 'largest securities', 'EU', 'bow', 'CBR', 'story', 'zerohedge.']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,biztoc.com
54203,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.digitaljournal.com/world/russian-central-bank-says-suing-euroclear-over-frozen-assets/article,Russian central bank says suing Euroclear over frozen assets,Russia’s central bank on Friday said it was suing the Belgium-based Euroclear financial group  which holds Moscow’s frozen international reserves  as the EU moves closer to using the funds to support Ukraine. The European Commission is pushing to tap some 200…,Around 200 billion euros of assets owned by Russia central bank but held by the Belgium-based Euroclear financial depository have been frozen by EU authorities since Moscow's 2022 assault on Ukraine - Copyright AFP ISAAC LAWRENCERussia’s central bank on Friday said it was suing the Belgium-based Euroclear financial group  which holds Moscow’s frozen international reserves  as the EU moves closer to using the funds to support Ukraine.The European Commission is pushing to tap some 200 billion euros ($232 billion) of the Russian central bank’s assets that the bloc immobilised after Moscow’s 2022 assault on Ukraine  in order to provide Kyiv a financial lifeline.The EU is determined to reach a final deal at a summit next week  but faces resistance from Belgium  which as the home of Euroclear fears retribution from Moscow.On Friday  Russia’s central bank said it was filing “a lawsuit against Euroclear in the Moscow Arbitration Court” due to what it called “the illegal actions” of the institution.“The actions of Euroclear depository caused damage to the Bank of Russia due to the inability to manage funds and securities belonging to the Bank of Russia ” the bank said in a statement.It did not say if the lawsuit has already been filed nor elaborate on the nature of the damages.It was also unclear what the implications of any Russian-based legal claim would be.G7 countries have already used the interest earned on the frozen assets to fund a $50-billion loan for Ukraine.Russia has long decried the freezing of the assets as illegal and said any further steps to directly use the money would be theft.Euroclear declined to comment directly on the lawsuit announced Friday.A spokesman for the clearing house noted however that Euroclear is “currently fighting more than 100 legal claims in Russia.”EU leaders have already pledged to keep Kyiv afloat next year  and officials are determined to reach an agreement on where the money should come from at their December 18-19 summit.Under the complex scheme proposed by the EU  Euroclear would loan the money to the EU  which in turn loans it to Kyiv.The funds would only be paid back by Ukraine if and when Russia compensates Kyiv for the destruction it has wrought.On Thursday  the bloc’s member states lifted a key hurdle by agreeing on a way to keep the funds frozen as long as required  without need for renewal every six months.,neutral,0.0,0.52,0.47,negative,0.0,0.24,0.76,True,English,"['Russian central bank', 'frozen assets', 'Euroclear', 'Copyright AFP ISAAC LAWRENCE', 'Belgium-based Euroclear financial group', 'Belgium-based Euroclear financial depository', 'frozen international reserves', 'The European Commission', 'Russian-based legal claim', 'December 18-19 summit', 'Moscow Arbitration Court', 'Russian central bank', 'Russia central bank', 'financial lifeline', 'Euroclear depository', '100 legal claims', '200 billion euros', 'final deal', 'G7 countries', '$50-billion loan', 'clearing house', 'complex scheme', 'member states', 'key hurdle', 'six months', 'EU authorities', 'EU leaders', 'assets', '2022 assault', 'Ukraine', 'Friday', 'funds', 'bloc', 'order', 'Kyiv', 'resistance', 'home', 'retribution', 'lawsuit', 'institution', 'actions', 'damage', 'inability', 'securities', 'statement', 'nature', 'implications', 'interest', 'freezing', 'steps', 'money', 'spokesman', 'officials', 'agreement', 'turn', 'destruction', 'Thursday', 'way', 'need', 'renewal']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,digitaljournal.com
54204,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/6360615ae8ac7fec,Russian Central Bank Sues Euroclear Over Frozen Assets; Will the EU Be Hoist on the Investor-State Settlement Disputes (ISDS) Petard?,Hoo boy. Russia looks to be using much demonized (by labor and environmental rights advocates) investor-state dispute settlement provisions to pursue Euroclear.,Hoo boy. Russia looks to be using much demonized (by labor and environmental rights advocates) investor-state dispute settlement provisions to pursue Euroclear.This story appeared on nakedcapitalism.com   2025-12-12 14:35:24.,neutral,0.0,0.86,0.14,negative,0.0,0.28,0.72,True,English,"['Russian Central Bank', 'Investor-State Settlement Disputes', 'Frozen Assets', 'EU', 'ISDS', 'Petard', 'investor-state dispute settlement provisions', 'environmental rights advocates', 'Hoo boy', 'Russia', 'labor', 'Euroclear', 'story', 'nakedcapitalism.']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,biztoc.com
54205,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/2931c4922b945c68,Euroclear can offset its assets seized by Russia with Russia's assets -EU,,"{ window.open(this.href  '_blank'); }  200); return false;"" is greater than Why did Indiana reject Trump's redistricting plan? { window.open(this.href  '_blank'); }  200); return false;"" is greater than How will Disney's Open… [+738 chars]",neutral,0.01,0.79,0.19,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'assets', 'Russia', 'redistricting plan', 'Indiana', 'Trump', 'Disney', '738 chars']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,biztoc.com
54206,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://financialpost.com/pmn/russias-central-bank-sues-belgian-financial-institution-as-eu-mulls-using-moscows-frozen-assets,Russia’s Central Bank sues Belgian financial institution as EU mulls using Moscow’s frozen assets,Russia’s Central Bank has filed a lawsuit against Belgian financial institution Euroclear  the Brussels-based clearing house that holds most of Moscow’s frozen assets in Europe  the bank said Friday. It wasn’t immediately clear what the lawsuit could achieve …,Russia’s Central Bank has filed a lawsuit against Belgian financial institution Euroclear  the Brussels-based clearing house that holds most of Moscow’s frozen assets in Europe  the bank said Friday. It wasn’t immediately clear what the lawsuit could achieve …,negative,0.0,0.28,0.72,negative,0.0,0.15,0.85,True,English,"['Belgian financial institution', 'Central Bank', 'Russia', 'EU', 'Moscow', 'assets', 'Belgian financial institution', 'Brussels-based clearing house', 'Central Bank', 'Russia', 'lawsuit', 'Euroclear', 'Moscow', 'assets', 'Europe']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,financialpost.com
54207,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rte.ie/news/business/2025/1212/1548572-russia-central-bank-says-eu-plans-to-use-assets-illegal/,Russia central bank says EU plans to use assets illegal,Russia's central bank said today that plans by the European Union to use its assets were illegal and that it reserved the right to employ all available means to protect its interests.,"Russia's central bank said today that plans by the European Union to use its assets were illegal and that it reserved the right to employ all available means to protect its interests.In a separate statement  the central bank said it was suing Brussels-based financial institution Euroclear - which holds many of the assets - in a Moscow court over what it said were damaging actions  affecting its ability to dispose of its funds and securities.""Mechanisms of direct or indirect use of the assets of the Bank of Russia  as well as any other forms of unauthorized use of the assets of the Bank of Russia  are illegal and contrary to international law  including violating the principles of sovereign immunity of assets "" the bank said.Euroclear did not immediately respond to a request to comment.The bank referred to a European Commission press release  published on December 3  which outlined two solutions to support Ukraine's financing needs in 2026 and 2027.Under one of those solutions  the Commission would be able to borrow cash balances from EU financial institutions holding frozen assets of the Russian central bank to issue a reparations loan for Ukraine.Russian officials have repeatedly said such action would be met with ""the harshest reaction"".European Union governments want to agree today to freeze Russian central bank assets immobilised in Europe for as long as necessary  replacing the need for a vote to renew the freeze every six months  EU diplomats said.Russia's central bank said implementation of such plans would be challenged in ""national courts  judicial authorities of foreign states and international organisations  arbitral tribunals and other international judicial instances  followed by the enforcement of judicial decisions in the territories of UN member states"".",neutral,0.0,0.92,0.08,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['Russia central bank', 'EU', 'assets', 'illegal', 'European Commission press release', 'other international judicial instances', 'Russian central bank assets', 'Brussels-based financial institution', 'EU financial institutions', 'European Union governments', 'UN member states', 'other forms', 'Russian officials', 'international law', 'judicial authorities', 'international organisations', 'judicial decisions', 'EU diplomats', 'foreign states', 'available means', 'separate statement', 'Moscow court', 'damaging actions', 'indirect use', 'unauthorized use', 'sovereign immunity', 'financing needs', 'cash balances', 'reparations loan', 'harshest reaction', 'national courts', 'arbitral tribunals', 'frozen assets', 'two solutions', 'plans', 'right', 'interests', 'Euroclear', 'ability', 'funds', 'securities', 'Mechanisms', 'principles', 'request', 'December', 'Ukraine', 'vote', 'freeze', 'implementation', 'enforcement', 'territories']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,rte.ie
54208,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.livemint.com/companies/news/google-faces-129-million-french-asset-freeze-after-russian-ruling-documents-show-11765564650140.html,Google faces $129 million French asset freeze after Russian ruling  documents show,ALPHABET-RUSSIA-FRANCE:Google faces $129 million French asset freeze after Russian ruling  documents show,By Leo Marchandon  Inti Landauro and Gleb BryanskiPARIS/MOSCOW  - The administrator of Google's defunct Russian business has obtained a temporary freeze on some 110 million euros of the Alphabet-owned company's assets in France  official orders seen by Reuters show.The move represents a rare attempt by Russian authorities to use legal channels to target assets of western companies overseas  amid rising tensions over the potential use of seized Russian assets in Europe.Russia's central bank is separately suing Brussels-based financial institution Euroclear  which holds many of the frozen Russian assets  in a Moscow court.The measure against Google France involves shares belonging to Google International and was sought by Google Russia  acting through its court-appointed judicial administrator.The French bailiff declined to comment. Google  Google Russia's administrator and the French government did not respond to repeated Reuters requests for comment.The French bailiff's orders show its action is based on three rulings issued between 2024 and 2025 by Moscow arbitration courts  which are regulated by international commercial law.William Julie  the lawyer representing the liquidator at French law firm WJ Avocats  said that a Russian tribunal had found Google guilty of an illegal dividend payment in 2021 worth around 10 billion roubles .Julie said the Russian liquidator was also pursuing enforcement in Spain  Turkey and South Africa.Google  whose parent Alphabet has a stock market value of some $3.8 trillion  has faced multiple fines from Moscow  while Google Russia filed for bankruptcy in 2022 when authorities seized its bank account  months after Russia invaded Ukraine.GOOGLE CAN CHALLENGE TEMPORARY FREEZEThe French bailiff's order creates a temporary freeze and French law requires lawyers to launch formal recognition proceedings within one month or the freeze expires.Julie said those documents would be filed with the court in the coming days and Google France also notified.The Paris Judicial Court will then examine whether to grant a formal recognition and enforcement authorisation of the foreign arbitration decisions  Julie said  a process that could take up to a year-and-a-half.Google can challenge the temporary freeze with the enforcement judge. If a recognition and enforcement authorisation is granted  the frozen funds could be seized to satisfy the arbitration court judgements  Julie added.,negative,0.0,0.22,0.78,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['$129 million French asset freeze', 'Russian ruling', 'Google', 'documents', 'The Paris Judicial Court', 'Brussels-based financial institution', 'illegal dividend payment', 'stock market value', 'foreign arbitration decisions', 'arbitration court judgements', 'defunct Russian business', 'international commercial law', 'Moscow arbitration courts', 'French law firm', 'formal recognition proceedings', 'CHALLENGE TEMPORARY FREEZE', 'Moscow court', 'judicial administrator', 'French bailiff', 'French government', 'Russian tribunal', 'Leo Marchandon', 'Inti Landauro', 'Gleb Bryanski', '110 million euros', 'Alphabet-owned company', 'Reuters show', 'rare attempt', 'legal channels', 'western companies', 'rising tensions', 'potential use', 'central bank', 'Google International', 'Reuters requests', 'three rulings', 'WJ Avocats', '10 billion roubles', 'South Africa', 'parent Alphabet', 'multiple fines', 'bank account', 'one month', 'coming days', 'frozen funds', 'enforcement authorisation', 'enforcement judge', 'Russian authorities', 'Russian assets', 'Russian liquidator', 'official orders', 'GOOGLE CAN', 'William Julie', 'Google France', 'Google Russia', 'PARIS/MOSCOW', 'move', 'Europe', 'Euroclear', 'measure', 'shares', 'court-appointed', 'comment', 'action', 'lawyer', 'Spain', 'Turkey', 'bankruptcy', 'Ukraine', 'documents', 'process']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,livemint.com
54209,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.thestar.com.my/news/world/2025/12/12/eu-set-to-indefinitely-freeze-russian-assets-removing-obstacle-to-ukraine-loan,EU agrees to indefinitely freeze Russian assets  removing obstacle to Ukraine loan,BRUSSELS  Dec 12 (Reuters) - The European Union looked set on Friday to indefinitely freeze Russian central bank assets held in Europe  removing a big obstacle to using the cash to help Ukraine defend itself against Moscow's invasion. Read full story,"BRUSSELS  Dec 12 (Reuters) - The European Union agreed on Friday to indefinitely freeze Russian central bank assets held in Europe  removing a big obstacle to using the cash to help Ukraine defend itself against Russia.The EU wants to keep Ukraine financed and fighting as it sees Russia's invasion as a threat to its own security. To do so  EU states aim to put to work some of the Russian sovereign assets they immobilised after Moscow's 2022 invasion of Ukraine.A first big step  which EU governments agreed on Friday  is to immobilise 210 billion euros ($246 billion) worth of Russian sovereign assets for as long as needed instead of voting every six months on extending the asset freeze.This removes the risk that Hungary and Slovakia  which have better relations with Moscow than other EU states  could refuse to roll over the freeze at some point  forcing the EU to return the money to Russia.PLANNED LOAN TO UKRAINEThe indefinite asset freeze is meant to help convince Belgium to support the EU's plan to use the frozen Russian cash to extend a loan of up to 165 billion euros to Ukraine to cover its military and civilian budget needs in 2026 and 2027.The loan would be paid back by Ukraine only when Russia pays Kyiv war damages  making the loan effectively a grant that advances future Russian reparations payments.EU leaders - the European Council - are to meet on December 18 to finalise details of the reparations loan and resolve remaining problems  which include guarantees from all EU governments for Belgium that it would not be left alone to foot the bill should a potential Moscow lawsuit prove successful.Before that  Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy will visit Berlin for talks with German Chancellor Friedrich Merz on Monday  with further European  EU and NATO leaders joining them later  the German government said.Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Svyrydenko  writing on X social platform in English  praised the decision as a ""landmark step toward justice and accountability"".""This decision strengthens the foundation for the reparations loan mechanism and brings us closer to a future in which Russia pays for its crimes and destruction caused "" she wrote.Germany sees no alternative to the reparations loan and would provide 50 billion euros in guarantees  European diplomatic sources said.Danish Finance Minister Stephanie Lose  whose country holds the rotating EU presidency  told reporters ""some worries"" still needed to be addressed but ""hopefully we'll be able to pave the way towards a decision at the European Council next week.""European Commissioner for Economy Valdis Dombrovskis said solid guarantees were being put together for Belgium.RUSSIAN CENTRAL BANK SAYS IT'S SUING EUROCLEARHungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said on Facebook he believed the EU move to freeze Russian assets indefinitely via a qualified majority vote - requiring the support of 15 of the 27 member states representing 65% of the EU population - would cause irreparable damage to the bloc.Hungary would do all it could to ""restore a lawful state of affairs "" he said.Russia's central bank said the EU plans to use its assets were illegal and reserved the right to use all available means to protect its interests  remarks shrugged off by Dombrovskis.The bank also said it was suing the Brussels-based central securities depository Euroclear - which holds 185 billion euros of the total assets frozen in Europe - in a Moscow court over what it said were damaging actions  affecting its ability to dispose of its funds and securities.Euroclear has been subject to Russian lawsuits in Moscow courts since the EU froze the assets in 2022.EU ACCESSION TALKSThe Financial Times reported that Ukraine could join the EU by January 1  2027 under proposals being discussed in U.S.-mediated talks on ending the war.Talks on EU accession  a long-held goal for Kyiv as it seeks to move further out of Moscow's orbit  usually take many years.A European diplomat briefed on the plan said Ukrainian accession would be ""extremely difficult"" to achieve by 2027 and that it was not clear whether the EU leadership backed this.Several other European officials and diplomats said the target date was ""absolutely impossible.""($1 = 0.8524 euros)(Additional reporting by Andreas Rinke  Andrew Gray  John Irish  Lili Bayer  Inti Landauro  Krisztina Than; Writing by Jan Strupczewski and Ingrid Melander  Editing by Timothy Heritage and Diane Craft)",neutral,0.05,0.85,0.1,mixed,0.09,0.24,0.67,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'Ukraine loan', 'EU', 'obstacle', 'Danish Finance Minister Stephanie Lose', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban', 'Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Svyrydenko', 'Brussels-based central securities depository Euroclear', 'Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy', 'German Chancellor Friedrich Merz', 'U.S.-mediated talks', 'Several other European officials', 'future Russian reparations payments', 'Russian central bank assets', 'civilian budget needs', 'X social platform', 'qualified majority vote', 'The Financial Times', 'The European Union', 'European diplomatic sources', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'first big step', 'rotating EU presidency', 'potential Moscow lawsuit', 'other EU states', 'indefinite asset freeze', 'reparations loan mechanism', 'Kyiv war damages', 'EU ACCESSION TALKS', 'Ukrainian accession', 'Russian assets', 'German government', 'Russian lawsuits', 'SUING EUROCLEAR', 'European Council', 'European Commissioner', 'big obstacle', 'landmark step', 'Russian cash', '27 member states', 'total assets', 'remaining problems', 'NATO leaders', 'irreparable damage', 'lawful state', 'available means', 'many years', 'target date', 'Additional reporting', 'Andreas Rinke', 'Andrew Gray', 'John Irish', 'Lili Bayer', 'Inti Landauro', 'Krisztina Than', 'Jan Strupczewski', 'Ingrid Melander', 'Timothy Heritage', 'Diane Craft', 'EU governments', 'EU leaders', 'EU move', 'EU population', 'EU plans', '210 billion euros', '165 billion euros', '50 billion euros', '185 billion euros', 'PLANNED LOAN', 'Moscow court', 'Valdis Dombrovskis', 'solid guarantees', '0.8524 euros', 'Dec', 'Reuters', 'Friday', 'Ukraine', 'invasion', 'threat', 'security', 'work', 'risk', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'relations', 'point', 'money', 'Belgium', 'military', 'grant', 'details', 'Berlin', 'Monday', 'English', 'justice', 'accountability', 'foundation', 'crimes', 'destruction', 'Germany', 'alternative', 'country', 'reporters', 'worries', 'way', 'Economy', 'Facebook', 'support', 'bloc', 'affairs', 'right', 'interests', 'remarks', 'actions', 'funds', 'January', 'proposals', 'goal', 'orbit', 'diplomats', 'Writing']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,thestar.com.my
54210,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/eu-set-lock-russias-frozen-assets-hungary-slovakia-128337987,EU set to lock up Russia's frozen assets so Hungary and Slovakia can't veto their use,The European Union is set to lock up Russia’s assets in Europe until Russia ends its war on Ukraine and compensates for the damage,The European Union is set to lock up Russia’s assets in Europe until Russia ends its war on Ukraine and compensates for the damageEU set to lock up Russia's frozen assets so Hungary and Slovakia can't veto their useEuropean Commission President Ursula von der Leyen speaks during a media conference regarding Ukraine's financing needs for 2026-2027 at EU headquarters in Brussels  Wednesday  Dec. 3  2025. (AP Photo/Harry Nakos)European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen speaks during a media conference regarding Ukraine's financing needs for 2026-2027 at EU headquarters in Brussels  Wednesday  Dec. 3  2025. (AP Photo/Harry Nakos)European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen speaks during a media conference regarding Ukraine's financing needs for 2026-2027 at EU headquarters in Brussels  Wednesday  Dec. 3  2025. (AP Photo/Harry Nakos)European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen speaks during a media conference regarding Ukraine's financing needs for 2026-2027 at EU headquarters in Brussels  Wednesday  Dec. 3  2025. (AP Photo/Harry Nakos)BRUSSELS -- The European Union is expected on Friday to lock up Russia’s assets held in Europe until it gives up its war in Ukraine and compensates its neighbor for the heavy damage that it has inflicted for almost four years.The move is an important step that would allow EU leaders to work out at a summit next week how to use the tens of billions of euros in Russian Central Bank assets to underwrite a huge loan to help Ukraine meet its financial and military needs over the next two years.Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán – Russian President Vladimir Putin’s closest ally in Europe – accused the European Commission  which prepared the decision  “of systematically raping European law.”A total of 210 billion euros ($247 billion) in Russian assets are frozen in Europe. The vast majority of the funds — around 193 billion euros ($225 billion) at the end of September — are held in Euroclear  a Belgian financial clearing house.The money was frozen under sanctions that the EU imposed on Russia over the war it launched on Feb. 24  2022  but these sanctions must be renewed every six months  and all 27 member countries must approve them for that to happen.Hungary and Slovakia oppose providing more support to Ukraine.Friday’s expected decision  which is based on EU treaty rules allowing the bloc to protect its economic interests in certain emergency situations  would prevent them from blocking the sanctions rollover and make it easier to use the assets.Orbán said on social media that it means that “the rule of law in the European Union comes to an end  and Europe’s leaders are placing themselves above the rules.”“The European Commission is systematically raping European law. It is doing this in order to continue the war in Ukraine  a war that clearly isn’t winnable ” he wrote. He said that Hungary “will do everything in its power to restore a lawful order.”In a letter to European Council President António Costa  who will chair the summit starting on Dec. 18  Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico said that he would refuse to back any move that “would include covering Ukraine’s military expenses for the coming years.”He warned “that the use of frozen Russian assets could directly jeopardize U.S. peace efforts  which directly count on the use of these resources for the reconstruction of Ukraine.”But the commission argues that the war has imposed heavy costs by hiking energy prices and stunting economic growth in the EU  which has already provided nearly 200 billion euros ($235 billion) in support to Ukraine.___Karel Janicek contributed to this report from Prague.,neutral,0.01,0.68,0.31,negative,0.0,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['frozen assets', 'EU', 'Russia', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'use', 'use European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen', 'European Council President António Costa', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán', 'Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'U.S. peace efforts', 'Belgian financial clearing house', 'Russian Central Bank assets', 'The European Commission', 'The European Union', 'next two years', 'frozen Russian assets', 'EU treaty rules', 'European law', 'frozen assets', 'four years', 'coming years', 'media conference', 'financing needs', 'AP Photo', 'Harry Nakos', 'important step', 'huge loan', 'military needs', 'closest ally', 'vast majority', '27 member countries', 'economic interests', 'emergency situations', 'social media', 'military expenses', 'heavy costs', 'energy prices', 'economic growth', 'Karel Janicek', 'EU headquarters', '210 billion euros', '193 billion euros', '200 billion euros', 'heavy damage', 'lawful order', 'sanctions rollover', 'EU leaders', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'Brussels', 'Wednesday', 'Friday', 'neighbor', 'move', 'summit', 'tens', 'billions', 'decision', 'total', 'funds', 'end', 'September', 'Euroclear', 'money', 'Feb.', 'support', 'bloc', 'everything', 'power', 'letter', 'Dec.', 'resources', 'reconstruction', 'report', 'Prague']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,abcnews.go.com
54211,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/12/ukraine-war-trump-frustrated-amid-warning-putin-can-escalate-conflict.html,Putin can fund Ukraine war for years to come  ex-official says as Trump's resolve is tested,Ukraine and its allies are scrambling to keep Trump onside as the U.S. piles pressure on Kyiv to make a peace deal.,"U.S. President Donald Trump and Secretary of State Marco Rubio meet Russian President Vladimir Putin  to negotiate for an end to the war in Ukraine  in Anchorage  Alaska  U.S.  August 15  2025. Kevin Lamarque | ReutersRussian President Vladimir Putin has enough capital to fund the war in Ukraine for years to come despite economic pressure mounting  the former head of the country's central bank told CNBC on Friday. ""The Russian economy is close to stagnation "" Sergey Aleksashenko  former deputy chairman of Russia's central bank  told CNBC's ""Europe Early Edition."" Aleksashenko said on Friday the ""mood is not good "" with the Bank of Russia forecasting growth of just 0.9% for the country's economy this year  compared with 4.3% last year. But he added that the ""glass is half full "" with the central bank gradually bringing inflation down and various industries moving in opposite directions. Asked whether Putin has enough money to finance the war in Ukraine  Aleksashenko said: ""Unfortunately  yes."" ""Despite all rumors  despite the growing budget deficit  despite the growing borrowings by the Minister of Finance  he has enough money to finance the war "" he told CNBC. ""I am quite sure that he is able to finance the war another two  three years  at least. Maybe more "" he added.watch nowRussia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine began in early 2022  with troops now in their fourth winter of conflict. Aleksashenko's comments came after NATO chief Mark Rutte issued a stark warning to allies that they were at serious risk of attack by Moscow. ""We are Russia's next target  and we are already in harm's way "" he said in a speech in Germany on Thursday. ""NATO's own defenses can hold for now  but with its economy dedicated to war  Russia could be ready to use military force against NATO within five years.""Central bank sues over frozen Russian assetsDespite international efforts to bring the war to an end  Putin has signaled he is willing to keep waging the war to achieve Russia's aims. Last week  he warned that Russia would take a key Ukrainian territory ""by force"" if Kyiv's troops did not withdraw willingly. In a bid to ramp up the economic pressure on the Kremlin  European officials have announced proposals to use frozen Russian assets to support Ukraine's reconstruction — a move that Russian officials have called tantamount to justification for war. On Friday  Russia's central bank announced it was suing Belgian clearing house Euroclear in a Moscow court ""for recovery of losses caused to the Bank of Russia.""watch now""The actions of the Euroclear depository caused damage to the Bank of Russia due to the inability to manage cash and securities "" it said in a statement  according to a Google translation. It said the lawsuit was also ""in connection with the mechanisms of direct or indirect use of the Bank of Russia's assets without the consent of the Bank of Russia  which are officially being considered by the European Commission."" Euroclear declined to comment  and the Belgian government had not responded to a request for comment when this article went live.Trump 'frustrated' as peace talks drag onUkraine and its European allies are also scrambling to keep U.S. President Donald Trump – whose administration wants a peace deal with both Moscow and Kyiv – onside. While Russia has publicly touted its ""alignment"" with Washington  Trump has been hitting out at European leaders. On Wednesday  he said he didn't want to be ""wasting time"" discussing the peace plan with his European counterparts  according to NBC News  adding that he had already exchanged ""pretty strong words"" with officials in the region. ""Sometimes you have to let people fight it out  and sometimes you don't "" he said.watch now",neutral,0.07,0.67,0.26,negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['Ukraine war', 'Putin', 'years', 'ex-official', 'Trump', 'resolve', 'U.S. President Donald Trump', 'NATO chief Mark Rutte', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'Belgian clearing house Euroclear', 'State Marco Rubio', 'key Ukrainian territory', 'pretty strong words', 'former deputy chairman', 'growing budget deficit', 'economic pressure mounting', 'Europe Early Edition', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Belgian government', 'former head', 'growing borrowings', 'Russian officials', 'Euroclear depository', 'Russian economy', 'Kevin Lamarque', 'enough capital', 'various industries', 'opposite directions', 'enough money', 'full-scale invasion', 'fourth winter', 'stark warning', 'next target', 'international efforts', 'Google translation', 'indirect use', 'European Commission', 'peace talks', 'peace deal', 'European leaders', 'wasting time', 'peace plan', 'European counterparts', 'NBC News', 'European officials', 'central bank', 'military force', 'five years', 'European allies', 'Moscow court', 'Sergey Aleksashenko', 'Secretary', 'end', 'Ukraine', 'Anchorage', 'Alaska', 'Reuters', 'country', 'CNBC', 'Friday', 'stagnation', 'mood', 'growth', 'glass', 'inflation', 'rumors', 'Minister', 'Finance', 'troops', 'conflict', 'comments', 'risk', 'attack', 'harm', 'way', 'speech', 'Germany', 'Thursday', 'defenses', 'aims', 'Kyiv', 'bid', 'Kremlin', 'proposals', 'reconstruction', 'move', 'justification', 'recovery', 'losses', 'actions', 'damage', 'inability', 'cash', 'securities', 'statement', 'lawsuit', 'connection', 'mechanisms', 'consent', 'request', 'article', 'administration', 'alignment', 'Washington', 'Wednesday', 'region', 'people']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,cnbc.com
54212,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.thestar.com.my/news/world/2025/12/12/euroclear-can-offset-its-assets-seized-by-russia-with-russia039s-assets--eu,Euroclear can offset its assets seized by Russia with Russia's assets -EU,BRUSSELS  Dec 12 (Reuters) - Belgian central securities depository Euroclear  which holds most of the Russian central bank assets frozen in Europe  can offset any seizure of its assets in Russia as a result of lawsuits with the Russian assets it holds in Belg…,"BRUSSELS  Dec 12 (Reuters) - Belgian central securities depository Euroclear  which holds most of the Russian central bank assets frozen in Europe  can offset any seizure of its assets in Russia as a result of lawsuits with the Russian assets it holds in Belgium  a senior EU officials said.Russia's central bank said on Friday that plans by the European Union to use its assets to extend a loan to Ukraine were illegal and that it reserved the right to employ all available means to protect its interests.In a separate statement  the central bank said it was suing Brussels-based financial institution Euroclear - which holds many of the assets - in a Moscow court over what it said were damaging actions  affecting its ability to dispose of its funds and securities.""EU financial institutions holding these assets are fully protected from legal proceedings "" European Economic Commissioner Valdis Dombrovskis told a news conference.""Under the current sanctions regime  CSDs can offset any seizure in Russia with immobilised assets held here "" he said.He said the EU expected Russia to ""continue to launch speculative legal proceedings to prevent EU from upholding international law"".""This is why  both in our current sanctions regime  but also in the proposal that we made late week (on the use of Russian assets for Ukraine)  we have included additional protection for EU institutions holding immobilised Russian central bank assets "" Dombrovskis said.(Reporting by Jan Strupczewski)",neutral,0.01,0.79,0.19,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'assets', 'Russia', 'European Economic Commissioner Valdis Dombrovskis', 'Belgian central securities depository', 'Russian central bank assets', 'Brussels-based financial institution', 'current sanctions regime', 'senior EU officials', 'speculative legal proceedings', 'EU financial institutions', 'European Union', 'Russian assets', 'EU institutions', 'available means', 'separate statement', 'Moscow court', 'damaging actions', 'news conference', 'international law', 'additional protection', 'Jan Strupczewski', 'Reuters', 'Euroclear', 'seizure', 'result', 'lawsuits', 'Belgium', 'Friday', 'plans', 'loan', 'Ukraine', 'right', 'interests', 'ability', 'funds', 'CSDs', 'immobilised', 'proposal', 'use']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,thestar.com.my
54213,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://apnews.com/article/russia-frozen-assets-belgium-eu-euroclear-sanctions-b378cb2bf74bd79175930b8ca991c1cc,Russia's Central Bank sues Belgian financial institution as EU mulls using Moscow's frozen assets,Russia’s Central Bank says it has filed a lawsuit against Belgian financial institution Euroclear. That's the Brussels-based clearing house that holds most of Moscow’s frozen assets in Europe. It wasn’t immediately clear what the lawsuit could achieve since i…,Add AP News as your preferred source to see more of our stories on Google.Add AP News on Google Add AP News as your preferred source to see more of our stories on Google. ShareRussia’s Central Bank has filed a lawsuit against Belgian financial institution Euroclear  the Brussels-based clearing house that holds most of Moscow’s frozen assets in Europe  the bank said Friday.It wasn’t immediately clear what the lawsuit could achieve since it was filed in Moscow.The European Commission  the EU’s executive branch  estimates that 210 billion euros ($247 billion) worth of frozen Russian assets are held in Europe. At the end of September  Euroclear held around 193 billion euros ($225 billion) of the money.Russia’s Central Bank said that the lawsuit  which was filed at Moscow’s Arbitration Court  would seek to recover damages it incurred when it was barred from managing and disposing of its Euroclear funds and securities.Euroclear declined to comment on the case.In a separate statement  Russia’s Central Bank also condemned wider EU plans to use Russian assets to aid Ukraine as “illegal  contrary to international law ” arguing that they violated “the principles of sovereign immunity of assets.” It’s the first time that the bank has publicly commented on the plans.The EU froze Russia’s assets based in the 27-nation bloc shortly after the start of Russia’s full-scale war in Ukraine on Feb. 24  2022. These sanctions must be renewed every six months  and all EU members must approve them for that to happen.At a summit next week  EU leaders will decide whether to use tens of billions from these assets to fund Ukraine’s military and economic needs by using them as collateral for a huge loan for Kyiv.Ukraine needs funding to aid its war effort. But such a move has never been done before  and it comes with risks.The European Central Bank has warned that if Europeans appear willing to grab other countries’ money  it could undermine confidence in the euro currency.Some member nations are also concerned about inviting retaliation from Russia. Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever has refused to approve the plan  citing fears that Russia will move against against Belgium’s interests.,negative,0.0,0.3,0.7,negative,0.0,0.24,0.76,True,English,"['Belgian financial institution', 'Central Bank', 'Russia', 'EU', 'Moscow', 'assets', 'Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever', 'The European Central Bank', 'Belgian financial institution', 'The European Commission', 'Brussels-based clearing house', 'other countries’ money', 'frozen Russian assets', 'wider EU plans', 'AP News', 'preferred source', 'executive branch', '210 billion euros', '193 billion euros', 'Arbitration Court', 'separate statement', 'international law', 'sovereign immunity', 'first time', '27-nation bloc', 'full-scale war', 'EU members', 'EU leaders', 'economic needs', 'huge loan', 'war effort', 'euro currency', 'member nations', 'Euroclear funds', 'stories', 'Google', 'Share', 'lawsuit', 'Moscow', 'end', 'September', 'damages', 'disposing', 'securities', 'case', 'Ukraine', 'principles', 'start', 'Feb.', 'sanctions', 'summit', 'tens', 'billions', 'military', 'collateral', 'Kyiv', 'funding', 'move', 'risks', 'Europeans', 'confidence', 'retaliation', 'fears', 'Belgium', 'interests']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,apnews.com
54214,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.thestar.com.my/news/world/2025/12/12/eu-open-to-accommodate-belgian-concerns-on-guarantees-in-russian-asset-plan,EU open to accommodate Belgian concerns on guarantees in Russian asset plan,BRUSSELS  Dec 12 (Reuters) - The European Commission is open to include guarantees that Belgium wants in the plan to use immobilised Russian central bank assets for a loan to Ukraine  European Economic Commissioner Valdis Dombrovskis said on Friday. Read full…,"BRUSSELS  Dec 12 (Reuters) - The European Commission is open to include guarantees that Belgium wants in the plan to use immobilised Russian central bank assets for a loan to Ukraine  European Economic Commissioner Valdis Dombrovskis said on Friday.European Union countries want to use Russian sovereign assets held in the Belgian central securities depository Euroclear to provide a loan to Ukraine that would only be repaid once Russia pays war damages to Kyiv.Before it agrees to the scheme  Belgium wants other EU countries to guarantee that they would share the potential financial burden that might arise from any legal action that Russia might take against Euroclear over the plan.""We are putting forward solid guarantees for Belgium and also financial institutions in our proposal "" Dombrovskis told a news conference after a meeting of EU finance ministers.""But from the Commission side  we are open to work further and see how to further accommodate Belgium's concerns  and this work is ongoing as we speak "" he said.He said Ukraine would need money from the EU from the second quarter of 2026 and that the EU was already talking to other G7 countries -- the United States  Canada  Japan and Britain -- to front-load their financial help to Ukraine in the first quarter.""We are making progress on this  and it looks like we'll be able to cover the financing need for Ukraine for the first quarter "" he said.(Reporting by Jan Strupczewski)",neutral,0.21,0.77,0.02,negative,0.0,0.07,0.92,True,English,"['Russian asset plan', 'Belgian concerns', 'EU', 'guarantees', 'Belgian central securities depository Euroclear', 'European Economic Commissioner Valdis Dombrovskis', 'Russian central bank assets', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'European Union countries', 'The European Commission', 'other G7 countries', 'potential financial burden', 'other EU countries', 'EU finance ministers', 'Commission side', 'financial institutions', 'financial help', 'war damages', 'legal action', 'news conference', 'second quarter', 'United States', 'first quarter', 'financing need', 'Jan Strupczewski', 'solid guarantees', 'BRUSSELS', 'Reuters', 'Belgium', 'plan', 'loan', 'Ukraine', 'Friday', 'Kyiv', 'scheme', 'proposal', 'meeting', 'concerns', 'work', 'money', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'Britain', 'progress']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,thestar.com.my
54215,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.politico.eu/article/russia-files-against-euroclear-europe-bickers-frozen-assets/,Russia files lawsuit against Euroclear as Europe bickers over frozen assets,Court filing in Moscow comes days ahead of next week's EU summit to discuss using the Russian assets to underpin a loan to Ukraine.,"Belgium has opposed the use of sovereign Russian assets over concerns that the country may eventually be required to pay the money back to Moscow on its own. | Olesya Kurpyayeva/AFP via Getty ImagesCourt filing in Moscow comes days ahead of next week’s EU summit to discuss using the Russian assets to underpin a loan to Ukraine.Russia's central bank on Friday filed a lawsuit in Moscow against Brussels-based Euroclear  which houses most of the frozen Russian assets that the EU wants to use to finance aid to Ukraine.The court filing comes just days before a high-stakes European Council summit  where EU leaders are expected to press Belgium to unlock billions of euros in Russian assets to underpin a major loan package for Kyiv.""Due to the unlawful actions of the Euroclear depository that are causing losses to the Bank of Russia  and in light of mechanisms officially under consideration by the European Commission for the direct or indirect use of the Bank of Russia’s assets without its consent  the Bank of Russia is filing a claim in the Moscow Arbitration Court against the Euroclear depository to recover the losses incurred "" the central bank said in a statement.EU Economy Commissioner Valdis Dombrovskis told the bloc's finance ministers in Brussels on Friday: ""We can expect that Russia will continue to launch speculative legal proceedings to prevent the EU from upholding international law and to pursue the legal obligation for Russia to compensate Ukraine for the damages it has done.""",negative,0.0,0.38,0.62,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['frozen assets', 'Russia', 'lawsuit', 'Euroclear', 'Europe', 'EU Economy Commissioner Valdis Dombrovskis', 'high-stakes European Council summit', 'speculative legal proceedings', 'major loan package', 'sovereign Russian assets', 'Moscow Arbitration Court', 'EU summit', 'European Commission', 'legal obligation', 'Court filing', 'EU leaders', 'Olesya Kurpyayeva/AFP', 'Getty Images', 'next week', 'Brussels-based Euroclear', 'unlawful actions', 'Euroclear depository', 'finance ministers', 'international law', 'indirect use', 'central bank', 'Belgium', 'concerns', 'country', 'money', 'Ukraine', 'Friday', 'lawsuit', 'aid', 'billions', 'euros', 'Kyiv', 'losses', 'light', 'mechanisms', 'consideration', 'consent', 'claim', 'statement', 'bloc', 'damages']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,politico.eu
54216,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.cnn.com/2025/12/12/europe/eu-freezes-russian-assets-hungary-and-slovakia-veto-latam-intl,EU indefinitely freezes Russian assets so Hungary and Slovakia can’t veto their use for Ukraine | CNN,The European Union on Friday indefinitely froze Russia’s assets in Europe to ensure that Hungary and Slovakia  both with Moscow-friendly governments  can’t prevent the billions of euros from being used to support Ukraine.,Brussels AP —The European Union on Friday indefinitely froze Russia’s assets in Europe to ensure that Hungary and Slovakia  both with Moscow-friendly governments  can’t prevent the billions of euros from being used to support Ukraine.Using a special procedure meant for economic emergencies  the EU blocked the assets until Russia gives up its war on Ukraine and compensates its neighbor for the heavy damage that it has inflicted for almost four years.EU Council President António Costa said European leaders had committed in October “to keep Russian assets immobilized until Russia ends its war of aggression against Ukraine and compensates for the damage caused. Today we delivered on that commitment.”It’s a key step that will allow EU leaders to work out at a summit next week how to use the tens of billions of euros in Russian Central Bank assets to underwrite a huge loan to help Ukraine meet its financial and military needs over the next two years.“Next step: securing Ukraine’s financial needs for 2026–27 ” added Costa  who will chair the summit on Dec. 18.The move also prevents the assets  estimated to total around 210 billion euros ($247 billion)  from being used in any negotiations to end the war without European approval.A 28-point plan drafted by US and Russian envoys stipulated that the EU would release the frozen assets for use by Ukraine  Russia and the United States. That plan  which surfaced last month  was rejected by Ukraine and its backers in Europe.Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán – Russian President Vladimir Putin’s closest ally in Europe – accused the European Commission  which prepared the decision  “of systematically raping European law.”The vast majority of the funds – around 193 billion euros ($225 billion) at the end of September – are held in Euroclear  a Belgian financial clearing house.The money was frozen under sanctions that the EU imposed on Russia over the war it launched on Feb. 24  2022  but these sanctions must be renewed every six months  and all 27 member countries must approve them for that to happen.Hungary and Slovakia oppose providing more support to Ukraine.Friday’s decision  which is based on EU treaty rules allowing the bloc to protect its economic interests in certain emergency situations  prevents them from blocking the sanctions rollover and make it easier to use the assets.Orbán said on social media that it means that “the rule of law in the European Union comes to an end  and Europe’s leaders are placing themselves above the rules.”“The European Commission is systematically raping European law. It is doing this in order to continue the war in Ukraine  a war that clearly isn’t winnable ” he wrote. He said that Hungary “will do everything in its power to restore a lawful order.”In a letter to Costa  Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico said that he would refuse to back any move that “would include covering Ukraine’s military expenses for the coming years.”He warned “that the use of frozen Russian assets could directly jeopardize US peace efforts  which directly count on the use of these resources for the reconstruction of Ukraine.”But the commission argues that the war has imposed heavy costs by hiking energy prices and stunting economic growth in the EU  which has already provided nearly 200 billion euros ($235 billion) in support to Ukraine.Belgium  where Euroclear is based  is opposed to the “reparations loan” plan. It says that the plan “entails consequential economic  financial and legal risks ” and has called on other EU countries to share the risk.Russia’s Central Bank  meanwhile  said on Friday that it has filed a lawsuit in Moscow against Euroclear for damages it says were caused when Moscow was barred from managing the assets. Euroclear declined to comment.In a separate statement  the Central Bank also described wider EU plans to use Russian assets to aid Ukraine as “illegal  contrary to international law ” arguing that they violated “the principles of sovereign immunity of assets.”,negative,0.0,0.4,0.6,negative,0.0,0.19,0.8,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'EU', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'use', 'Ukraine', 'CNN', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán', 'EU Council President António Costa', 'Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'Belgian financial clearing house', 'Russian Central Bank assets', 'wider EU plans', 'US peace efforts', 'next two years', 'other EU countries', 'The European Union', 'consequential economic, financial', 'frozen Russian assets', 'EU treaty rules', 'The European Commission', 'reparations loan” plan', 'Russian envoys', 'huge loan', 'Next step', 'financial needs', '27 member countries', 'four years', 'coming years', 'economic emergencies', 'European approval', 'economic interests', 'economic growth', 'Brussels AP', 'Moscow-friendly governments', 'special procedure', 'key step', 'EU leaders', 'military needs', 'United States', 'closest ally', 'European law', 'vast majority', 'emergency situations', 'social media', 'military expenses', 'heavy costs', 'energy prices', 'legal risks', 'separate statement', 'sovereign immunity', 'European leaders', '28-point plan', 'international law', '210 billion euros', '193 billion euros', '200 billion euros', 'heavy damage', 'lawful order', 'sanctions rollover', 'Friday', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'billions', 'Ukraine', 'war', 'neighbor', 'October', 'aggression', 'commitment', 'summit', 'tens', 'Dec.', 'move', 'negotiations', 'backers', 'decision', 'funds', 'September', 'Euroclear', 'money', 'Feb.', 'support', 'bloc', 'everything', 'power', 'letter', 'resources', 'reconstruction', 'Belgium', 'lawsuit', 'damages', 'principles']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,cnn.com
54217,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://apnews.com/article/eu-russia-frozen-assets-ukraine-war-a65c92625cab565da7b8e07013dead05,EU set to lock up Russia's frozen assets so Hungary and Slovakia can't veto their use for Ukraine,The European Union has indefinitely frozen Russia’s assets in Europe to ensure that Hungary and Slovakia  both with Moscow-friendly governments  can’t prevent the billions of euros from being used to support Ukraine. Using a special procedure meant for econom…,Add AP News as your preferred source to see more of our stories on Google.Add AP News on Google Add AP News as your preferred source to see more of our stories on Google. ShareBRUSSELS (AP) — The European Union on Friday indefinitely froze Russia’s assets in Europe to ensure that Hungary and Slovakia  both with Moscow-friendly governments  can’t prevent the billions of euros from being used to support Ukraine.Using a special procedure meant for economic emergencies  the EU blocked the assets until Russia gives up its war on Ukraine and compensates its neighbor for the heavy damage that it has inflicted for almost four years.EU Council President António Costa said European leaders had committed in October “to keep Russian assets immobilized until Russia ends its war of aggression against Ukraine and compensates for the damage caused. Today we delivered on that commitment.”It’s a key step that will allow EU leaders to work out at a summit next week how to use the tens of billions of euros in Russian Central Bank assets to underwrite a huge loan to help Ukraine meet its financial and military needs over the next two years.“Next step: securing Ukraine’s financial needs for 2026–27 ” added Costa  who will chair the Dec. 18 summit.The move also prevents the assets  estimated to total around 210 billion euros ($247 billion)  from being used in any negotiations to end the war without European approval.A 28-point plan drafted by U.S. and Russian envoys stipulated that the EU would release the frozen assets for use by Ukraine  Russia and the United States. That plan  which surfaced last month  was rejected by Ukraine and its backers in Europe.French Foreign Minister Jean-Noël Barrot wrote on X that the EU decision means that “no one will decide in place of the Europeans the use of these funds.”Hungary and Slovakia objectThe vast majority of the funds — around 193 billion euros ($225 billion) at the end of September — are held in Euroclear  a Belgian financial clearing house.The money was frozen under sanctions that the EU imposed on Russia over the war it launched on Feb. 24  2022  but these sanctions must be renewed every six months with the approval of all 27 member countries.Hungary and Slovakia oppose providing more support to Ukraine  but Friday’s decision prevents them from blocking the sanctions rollover and make it easier to use the assets.Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán – Russian President Vladimir Putin’s closest ally in Europe – said on social media that it means that “the rule of law in the European Union comes to an end  and Europe’s leaders are placing themselves above the rules.”“The European Commission is systematically raping European law. It is doing this in order to continue the war in Ukraine  a war that clearly isn’t winnable ” he wrote. He said that Hungary “will do everything in its power to restore a lawful order.”In a letter to Costa  Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico said that he would refuse to back any move that “would include covering Ukraine’s military expenses for the coming years.”He warned “that the use of frozen Russian assets could directly jeopardize U.S. peace efforts  which directly count on the use of these resources for the reconstruction of Ukraine.”But the commission argues that the war has imposed heavy costs by hiking energy prices and stunting economic growth in the EU  which has already provided nearly 200 billion euros ($235 billion) in support to Ukraine.Belgium  where Euroclear is based  is opposed to the “reparations loan” plan. It says that the plan “entails consequential economic  financial and legal risks ” and has called on other EU countries to share the risk.Russia takes court actionRussia’s Central Bank  meanwhile  said on Friday that it has filed a lawsuit in Moscow against Euroclear for damages it says were caused when Moscow was barred from managing the assets. Euroclear declined to comment.The Belgian clearing house has around 17 billion euros ($20 billion) in Russia and it’s unclear what would happen to that money if the legal challenge or others like it succeed.In a separate statement  the Central Bank also described wider EU plans to use Russian assets to aid Ukraine as “illegal  contrary to international law ” arguing that they violated “the principles of sovereign immunity of assets.”But EU Economy Commissioner Valdis Dombrovskis brushed off the suit  saying that the decision is “legally robust ” and that he expects Russia “to continue to launch speculative legal proceedings to prevent the EU from upholding international law.”Chris Weafer  CEO of Macro-Advisory Ltd. Consultancy  said that the timing of the court action is “clearly linked” to the EU’s intention to use the frozen assets.“The Russian Central Bank is making clear that it will respond with legal actions against all countries involved in the decision to take the Russian money ” he said.Friday’s EU decision came hours after Germany summoned the Russian ambassador in Berlin following allegations of sabotage  disinformation campaigns  cyberattacks and interference in its elections.___Associated Press journalists Karel Janicek in Prague  Sylvie Corbet in Paris  Katie Marie Davies in Manchester  England and Stefanie Dazio in Berlin contributed to this report.,neutral,0.0,0.72,0.28,negative,0.0,0.16,0.83,True,English,"['frozen assets', 'EU', 'Russia', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'use', 'Ukraine', 'French Foreign Minister Jean-Noël Barrot', 'Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán', 'EU Council President António Costa', 'Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico', 'EU Economy Commissioner Valdis Dombrovskis', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'U.S. peace efforts', 'Belgian financial clearing house', 'The Russian Central Bank', 'Russian Central Bank assets', 'Belgian clearing house', 'Macro-Advisory Ltd. Consultancy', 'speculative legal proceedings', 'wider EU plans', 'The European Union', 'next two years', 'consequential economic, financial', 'The European Commission', 'reparations loan” plan', 'other EU countries', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Russian envoys', 'Russian ambassador', 'huge loan', 'Next step', 'financial needs', 'economic emergencies', 'four years', 'coming years', 'economic growth', 'legal risks', 'legal challenge', 'legal actions', 'Russian money', 'frozen assets', 'European law', 'preferred source', 'Moscow-friendly governments', 'special procedure', 'European leaders', 'key step', 'military needs', 'United States', 'vast majority', '27 member countries', 'closest ally', 'social media', 'military expenses', 'heavy costs', 'energy prices', 'court action', 'separate statement', 'sovereign immunity', 'Chris Weafer', 'disinformation campaigns', 'EU leaders', 'European approval', 'AP News', '28-point plan', 'international law', '210 billion euros', '193 billion euros', '200 billion euros', '17 billion euros', 'EU decision', 'heavy damage', 'Dec. 18 summit', 'lawful order', 'Slovakia object', 'sanctions rollover', 'stories', 'Google', 'Share', 'BRUSSELS', 'Friday', 'Hungary', 'billions', 'Ukraine', 'war', 'neighbor', 'October', 'aggression', 'commitment', 'tens', 'move', 'negotiations', 'backers', 'place', 'Europeans', 'funds', 'September', 'Euroclear', 'Feb.', 'support', 'rule', 'everything', 'power', 'letter', 'resources', 'reconstruction', 'Belgium', 'lawsuit', 'damages', 'others', 'principles', 'CEO', 'timing', 'intention', 'Germany', 'Berlin', 'allegations', 'sabotage', 'cyberattacks']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,apnews.com
54218,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/world/europe/2025/12/12/eu-bypasses-orban-veto-on-plan-to-fund-ukraine-loan-using-frozen-russian-assets/,EU bypasses Orban veto on plan to fund Ukraine loan using frozen Russian assets,Changes to Russian sanctions rollover tees up bloc leaders summit next week,A memorial for fallen Ukrainian soldiers in Kyiv on December 4th. Photograph: Laetitia Vancon/The New York TimesEuropean Union states have agreed to use emergency powers to bypass Hungarian far-right prime minister Viktor Orban’s ability to veto the renewal of economic sanctions on Russia. The move is a key step in a plan to use Russian state cash frozen in Europe to fund a loan to Ukraine.The EU’s sweeping regime of sanctions targeting Russia has to be renewed every six months. It creates persistent tensions in Brussels between Hungary and most other governments over Mr Orban’s repeated threats to block the continuation of the sanctions.On each occasion Mr Orban has backed down  but not before Hungarian diplomats sought to extract concessions elsewhere in exchange for extending the economic sanctions  which are intended to hamper Moscow’s ability to wage war in Ukraine.Firming up the stability of the sanctions is seen as crucial to a contentious plan to use €200 billion of Russian state assets  frozen in Europe  to finance a loan for Ukraine.Hungarian prime minister Viktor Orban with Russian president Vladimir Putin (right). Photograph: Alexander Nemenov/APEU states on Friday approved the use of emergency powers to override Hungary’s veto  and change how the sanctions are approved in future. The sanctions will only require a sizeable majority of member states  rather than the support of all 27.“I think it’s good that we found a legal way to stop the six-monthly kerfuffle ” a diplomat from one EU state said.The changes only apply to sanctions keeping Russian central bank assets “frozen” and not other measures targeting Russian industries or individuals with ties to Russian leader Vladimir Putin’s regime.European leaders have put a lot of stock in a complex plan to use Russian state assets to help Ukraine. The EU hopes to use sanctioned Russian central bank bonds trapped in Europe to fund a €90 billion loan to finance Ukraine’s efforts on the battlefield.[ Ukraine could join EU next year under draft peace planOpens in new window ]The assets were in Euroclear  a Belgian securities depository that holds government bonds  when they were immobilised by EU sanctions following Russia’s 2022 full-scale invasion of Ukraine.The proposal to use the assets to finance a loan for Ukraine has infuriated Moscow.The money would only be repaid to Russia if it agreed to compensate Ukraine for damage caused by the war.The Belgian government has withheld its support for the so-called “reparations” loan  fearing it will face possible Russian retaliation and costly legal challenges. Belgian officials are concerned the plan could worry other countries and entities who have financial assets invested in Belgium.Negotiations are continuing behind the scenes to get Belgium to buy into the loan plan  with a decision expected at a summit of EU leaders in Brussels on Thursday.Russia’s central bank has filed a legal case in Moscow seeking damages from Euroclear over the freezing of its assets  the Financial Times has reported.Europeans allies are concerned Ukraine will run short of money in the coming months. The loan idea would shore up Ukraine’s finances for at least two years.The changes to the way the EU renews sanctions on Russia was criticised by Mr Orban as an “unlawful” circumvention of the requirement to take foreign policy decisions by unanimous agreement.Slovakia’s populist prime minister Robert Fico said he will not support any proposal that involves “covering Ukraine’s military expenses”.Mr Fico  who has been a consistent opponent of EU support to Kyiv  said using the sanctioned Russian assets could “directly jeopardise” US efforts to broker a peace.The loan would require the backing of a large majority of EU leaders. It is unlikely the plan could go ahead without the approval of Belgium.The Financial Times has also reported that Ukraine could join the EU by January 1st  2027  under proposals being discussed in US-mediated talks on ending the war.Talks on EU accession  a long-held goal for Kyiv as it seeks to move further out of Moscow’s orbit  usually take many years.A European diplomat briefed on the plan said Ukrainian accession would be “extremely difficult” to achieve by 2027 and that it was not clear whether the EU leadership backed this.Several other European officials and diplomats said the target date was “absolutely impossible.” – Additional reporting Reuters,negative,0.0,0.48,0.52,mixed,0.06,0.23,0.71,True,English,"['Orban veto', 'Ukraine loan', 'Russian assets', 'EU', 'plan', 'frozen', 'The New York Times European Union states', 'Hungarian far-right prime minister Viktor Orban', 'populist prime minister Robert Fico', 'Hungarian prime minister Viktor Orban', 'Russian president Vladimir Putin', 'Russian leader Vladimir Putin', 'Several other European officials', 'Russian central bank bonds', 'Russian central bank assets', 'The Financial Times', 'Russian state cash', 'possible Russian retaliation', 'foreign policy decisions', 'most other governments', 'Belgian securities depository', 'costly legal challenges', 'Russian state assets', 'draft peace planOpens', 'one EU state', 'new window', 'Hungarian diplomats', 'European leaders', 'member states', 'Mr Fico', 'Mr Orban', 'EU states', 'Belgian officials', 'Russian assets', 'European diplomat', 'Russian industries', 'government bonds', 'other measures', 'other countries', 'financial assets', 'Belgian government', 'legal case', 'Ukrainian soldiers', 'December 4th', 'Laetitia Vancon', 'emergency powers', 'key step', 'persistent tensions', 'repeated threats', 'Alexander Nemenov/AP', 'sizeable majority', 'monthly kerfuffle', '2022 full-scale invasion', 'Europeans allies', 'coming months', 'two years', 'unlawful” circumvention', 'unanimous agreement', 'military expenses', 'consistent opponent', 'large majority', 'January 1st', 'many years', 'Ukrainian accession', 'target date', 'Additional reporting', 'legal way', 'EU leaders', 'EU accession', 'sweeping regime', '€90 billion loan', 'reparations” loan', 'loan idea', 'US efforts', 'US-mediated talks', 'contentious plan', 'complex plan', 'economic sanctions', 'EU support', 'EU sanctions', 'loan plan', 'memorial', 'Kyiv', 'Photograph', 'ability', 'renewal', 'move', 'Ukraine', 'Brussels', 'Hungary', 'continuation', 'occasion', 'concessions', 'exchange', 'Moscow', 'war', 'Friday', 'use', 'veto', 'future', 'six', 'changes', 'individuals', 'lot', 'stock', 'battlefield', 'Euroclear', 'proposal', 'money', 'damage', 'entities', 'Belgium', 'Negotiations', 'scenes', 'summit', 'Thursday', 'freezing', 'finances', 'requirement', 'Slovakia', 'backing', 'approval', 'goal', 'orbit', 'Reuters']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,irishtimes.com
54219,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-signs-order-boost-oversight-002712617.html,Trump orders reviews of proxy advisers in latest pressure on financial industry,By Ross Kerber and Christian Martinez Dec 11 (Reuters) - U. President Donald Trump signed an executive order aimed at increasing oversight of the proxy...,"By Ross Kerber and Christian MartinezDec 11 (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump signed an executive order aimed at increasing oversight of the proxy advisory industry  the White House said on Thursday  saying top firms often ""advance and prioritize radical politically-motivated agendas.""In the order  posted on the White House website  ​Trump directed the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and other agencies to review if top proxy advisers Institutional Shareholder Services and Glass Lewis had ‌violated rules or antitrust law related to their treatment of environmental and social issues. The order also directs the agencies  including the Federal Trade Commission and the Labor Department  to consider steps such as ‌new regulations.The order marks the latest conservative attack on the companies  which advise institutional investors how to vote in corporate elections. Both have been targeted by Republican politicians  business groups and executives including JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon and billionaire Elon Musk who say they have too much influence over decisions such as director contests or whether to approve executive pay.In November  Reuters and other outlets reported the White House was exploring new limits on the firms.But past Republican attempts to restrict the companies' business have met with mixed ⁠success amid court challenges and support from asset managers and ‌investment groups. They say the firms simplify complex shareholder voting decisions.Trade groups also once looked to the White House to restrict proxy voting by large funds. But those expectations have cooled and Trump's order on Thursday made no mention of the issue.An ISS spokesman ‍said via email that it will review Trump's order as it considers its next steps  ""including to help mitigate any potential adverse impacts on clients.""The firm noted it is an SEC-registered investment adviser and said that ""ISS does not dictate or set corporate governance standards and remains firmly committed to operating professionally  ethically  independently  and in the best interests of our clients  as we ​have done historically.”Glass Lewis representatives did not immediately comment.The order was the latest in a series targeting specific companies and industries. The president has previously taken aim ‌at banks  accusing them of lending discrimination  and law firms he considers adversaries.FOREIGN DOMINATIONGermany's Deutsche Boerse bought most of ISS in 2020. Glass Lewis is owned by Canadian private equity firm Peloton Capital and its chairman Stephen Smith. Trump noted the firms' foreign ownership  a previous line of Republican attacks.",neutral,0.03,0.86,0.11,negative,0.02,0.23,0.75,True,English,"['proxy advisers', 'latest pressure', 'financial industry', 'Trump', 'reviews', 'JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon', 'U.S. President Donald Trump', 'Canadian private equity firm', 'complex shareholder voting decisions', 'U.S. Securities', 'radical politically-motivated agendas', 'Institutional Shareholder Services', 'latest conservative attack', 'billionaire Elon Musk', 'potential adverse impacts', 'proxy advisory industry', 'SEC-registered investment adviser', 'corporate governance standards', 'past Republican attempts', 'top proxy advisers', 'Federal Trade Commission', 'An ISS spokesman', 'Glass Lewis representatives', 'White House website', ""firms' foreign ownership"", 'proxy voting', 'Exchange Commission', 'institutional investors', 'corporate elections', '\u200cinvestment groups', 'Trade groups', 'FOREIGN DOMINATION', 'Republican politicians', 'Republican attacks', 'top firms', 'Ross Kerber', 'Christian Martinez', 'antitrust law', 'social issues', 'Labor Department', '\u200cnew regulations', 'business groups', 'director contests', 'executive pay', 'other outlets', 'new limits', 'court challenges', 'asset managers', 'large funds', 'best interests', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Peloton Capital', 'Stephen Smith', 'previous line', 'law firms', ""companies' business"", 'specific companies', 'other agencies', 'next steps', 'executive order', '\u200bTrump', 'Reuters', 'oversight', 'Thursday', 'rules', 'treatment', 'environmental', 'executives', 'influence', 'November', 'success', 'support', 'expectations', 'mention', 'email', 'clients', 'series', 'industries', 'aim', 'banks', 'discrimination', 'Germany', 'chairman']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,finance.yahoo.com
54220,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/12/3204443/0/en/JCDecaux-intends-to-sell-additional-part-of-its-stake-in-APG-SGA-to-NZZ.html,JCDecaux intends to sell additional part of its stake in APG|SGA to NZZ,JCDecaux intends to sell additional part of its stake in APG|SGA to NZZ  Paris  December 12th  2025 – After JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number...,JCDecaux intends to sell additional part of its stake in APG|SGA to NZZParis  December 12th  2025 – After JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  sold approximately 13.56% of APG|SGA's share capital to NZZ on May 29th  2024  a share purchase agreement was signed on December 11th  2025 between JCDecaux SE and NZZ  under which JCDecaux SE will sell additional 325 519 APG|SGA's shares  corresponding to 10.85% of the share capital. Upon completion of this sale  the stake in APG|SGA will be reduced to around 5.6%.The transaction is expected to be completed after the Annual General Meeting of APG|SGA in spring 2026 and is subject to various conditions. In particular  the shareholders of APG|SGA must approve the inclusion of selective opting up clause in the articles of association to ensure that the completion of the share purchase does not trigger a mandatory offer for NZZ.This deal will generate cash proceeds for JCDecaux SE of c. 71mCHF  i.e. c.76mEUR1 before transaction costs.1 EUR/CHF exchange rate of 0.9328 as of December 11  2025.Key Figures for JCDecaux2024 revenue: €3 935.3m – H1 2025 revenue: €1 868.3mN°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of 850 million people in more than 80 countries1 091 811 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 894 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants12 026 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the SBF 120 and CAC Mid 60 indexesJCDecaux’s Group carbon reduction trajectory has been approved by the SBTi and the company has joined the Euronext Paris CAC® SBT 1.5° indexJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the CDP (A)  MSCI (AAA)  Sustainalytics (11.9)  and has achieved Gold Medal status from EcoVadis1 st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (629 737 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 157 airports and 257 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (340 848 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (83 472 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (736 310 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (178 010 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (89 526 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (22 490 advertising panels)N°2 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (20 689 advertising panels)For more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com .Join us on X   LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube.Communications Department: Clémentine Prat+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – clementine.prat@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['additional part', 'JCDecaux', 'stake', 'APG|', 'SGA', 'NZZ', 'Euronext Paris CAC® SBT 1.5° index', 'Group carbon reduction trajectory', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'Annual General Meeting', 'CHF exchange rate', 'Gold Medal status', 'Home Media company', 'Clémentine Prat', 'Rémi Grisard', 'share purchase agreement', 'share capital', '1,091,811 advertising panels', 'transport advertising', '83,472 advertising panels', '9,526 advertising panels', '22,490 advertising panels', 'May 29th', 'various conditions', 'selective opting', 'mandatory offer', 'cash proceeds', 'Key Figures', 'daily audience', '850 million people', 'extra-financial performance', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'street furniture', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', 'Communications Department', 'Investor Relations', 'December 12th', 'December 11th', 'additional part', 'transaction costs', 'H1 2025 revenue', 'JCDecaux SE', '2024 revenue', 'stake', 'APG|', 'SGA', 'NZZ', 'number', 'shares', 'completion', 'sale', 'spring', 'shareholders', 'inclusion', 'clause', 'articles', 'association', 'deal', '1 EUR', '80 countries', '3,894 cities', '10,000 inhabitants', '12,026 employees', 'Eurolist', 'SBF 120', 'SBTi', 'CDP', 'MSCI', 'AAA', 'Sustainalytics', 'EcoVadis', 'RE100', 'Leader', 'pioneer', '157 airports', '257 contracts', 'metros', 'buses', 'trains', 'tramways', 'Europe', 'billboards', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'N°', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'clementine', 'remi', 'Attachment', '5.']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,globenewswire.com
54221,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/12/3204466/0/en/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-Liquidity-Agreement.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement  Period from 4 December 2025 to 10 December 2025  Share Buyback ProgramOn 21 November 2025 ...,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 4 December 2025 to 10 December 2025Share Buyback ProgramOn 21 November 2025   Bekaert announced the start of the next tranche of its share buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 25 million. As announced previously  the purpose of the Program is to cancel all shares repurchased.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 4 December 2025 to 10 December 2025  Kepler Cheuvreux SA on behalf of Bekaert has bought 50 000 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the Program during the period from 4 December 2025 to 10 December 2025:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 4 December 2025 Euronext Brussels 7 000 37.36 37.50 36.95 261 520 MTF CBOE 3 000 37.38 37.45 37.25 112 140 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 5 December 2025 Euronext Brussels 7 000 37.50 37.85 37.35 262 500 MTF CBOE 3 000 37.52 37.85 37.35 112 560 MTF Turquoise — MTF Aquis — 8 December 2025 Euronext Brussels 7 000 37.09 37.30 36.95 259 630 MTF CBOE 3 000 37.08 37.25 36.95 111 240 MTF Turquoise — MTF Aquis — 9 December 2025 Euronext Brussels 7 000 36.52 36.95 36.40 255 640 MTF CBOE 3 000 36.51 36.80 36.40 109 530 MTF Turquoise — MTF Aquis 10 December 2025 Euronext Brussels 7 000 36.33 36.45 36.00 254 310 MTF CBOE 3 000 36.32 36.45 36.00 108 960 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis Total 50 000 36.96 37.85 36.00 1 848 030Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 25 June 2024   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 5 429 shares during the period from 4 December 2025 to 10 December 2025 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 4 201 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 4 December 2025 to 10 December 2025:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 4 December 2025 200 36.90 36.90 36.90 7 380 5 December 2025 1 229 37.20 37.35 37.20 45 719 8 December 2025 1 600 37.04 37.20 36.90 59 264 9 December 2025 1 400 36.59 36.75 36.35 51 226 10 December 2025 1 000 36.20 36.35 35.90 36 200 Total 5 429 199 789Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 4 December 2025 800 37.42 37.45 37.40 29 936 5 December 2025 1 001 37.62 37.80 37.35 37 658 8 December 2025 1 400 37.19 37.30 37.00 52 066 9 December 2025 400 36.90 37.00 36.80 14 760 10 December 2025 600 36.35 36.45 36.25 21 810 Total 4 201 156 230The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 28 133 shares.On 10 December 2025 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 2 251 664 own shares  or 4.34% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.08,0.12,0.8,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis Total', 'investor relations pages', 'total maximum consideration', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Kepler Cheuvreux SA', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', '560 MTF Turquoise', '240 MTF Turquoise', 'total number', '520 MTF CBOE', '630 MTF CBOE', '310 MTF CBOE', 'Date Number', 'Total Amount', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'next tranche', 'Euronext Brussels', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '50 000 shares', '429 shares', '4 201 shares', '28 133 shares', 'Update', '4 December', '10 December', '21 November', 'Bekaert', 'start', 'purpose', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '8 December', '9 December', '25 June', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '530', '2 251 664']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,globenewswire.com
54222,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/12/3204457/0/en/Floris-Lagerwerf-nominated-future-CFO-of-IMCD-as-of-January-2027.html,Floris Lagerwerf nominated future CFO of IMCD as of January 2027,"Rotterdam  The Netherlands (12 December 2025) – IMCD N.V. (""IMCD"" or ""Company"")  a global leading partner for the distribution and formulation of speciality chemicals and ingredients  is pleased to announce that its Supervisory Board nominates Floris Lagerwer…","Rotterdam  The Netherlands (12 December 2025) – IMCD N.V. (""IMCD"" or ""Company"")  a global leading partner for the distribution and formulation of speciality chemicals and ingredients  is pleased to announce that its Supervisory Board nominates Floris Lagerwerf to become Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of IMCD as of January 2027. Floris will succeed Hans Kooijmans  who has decided to retire as per the end of December 2026.Floris started his career as external auditor in 2006  and he joined IMCD in its Rotterdam headquarters in 2016 as Group Controller. In 2021 he became Finance & Operations Director at IMCD Switzerland  and since January 2023  serves as Vice-President Finance & Operations for the Americas region. As of 1 January 2026  Floris will be Vice-President Finance & Operations EMEA and Industrial Business Groups.Janus Smalbraak  Chair of the Supervisory Board: “The Supervisory Board is delighted to nominate Floris as IMCD’s future CFO. He brings a deep understanding of IMCD’s business  a proven track record in finance and M&A  and is passionate about creating result-driven teams. Having a strong candidate from within our own organisation reinforces our confidence in the company’s future and the continuity of leadership.Marcus Jordan  CEO  and Hans Kooijmans  CFO  will continue leading IMCD and delivering on its growth strategy in 2026. We are especially grateful to Hans who committed to remain CFO of IMCD until the end of 2026  and for his support to Floris towards the transition in 2027.”Hans Kooijmans  CFO: “People have been and are key in the success story of IMCD. Therefore  it fills me with pride that my successor comes from within our own organisation  and I am pleased to work closely together with Floris over the coming period towards the transition in 2027.”The proposals to reappoint Marcus Jordan as member of the Management Board for four years and Hans Kooijmans as member of the Management Board until the end of December 2026 will be put to the shareholders for their approval at the upcoming Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on 30 April 2026. Also  the proposal to appoint Floris Lagerwerf as member of the Management Board per January 2027 will be put to the shareholders at this AGM.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation and was issued on 12 December 2025  08:00 a.m. CET.- xxx-About IMCDIMCD  based in Rotterdam  The Netherlands  is a leading global partner for the distribution and formulation of speciality chemicals and ingredients. IMCD is an expert solutions provider and adds sustainable value to the supply chain. Every day professionals focus on providing the best service through commercial and operational excellence. The company is mindful of the role they play in creating a better planet for all and formulates with consciousness and executes with care  to address business challenges of tomorrow  in partnership and transparency.In 2024  with over 5 100 employees  IMCD realised revenues of EUR 4 728 million. IMCD N.V.’s shares are traded at Euronext Amsterdam (symbol: IMCD) and included in the Dutch ESG AEX index  as one of 25 companies within the AEX and AMX indices demonstrating best ESG practices.For further information  please visit www.imcdgroup.comMedia contactMuriel WerléCorporate Communications Director+31 10 290 86 14mediarelations@imcdgroup.comInvestor relations contactTosca HoltlandHead of Investor Relations+31 10 290 86 53ir@imcdgroup.comAttachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['Floris Lagerwerf', 'future CFO', 'IMCD', 'January', 'upcoming Annual General Meeting', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Dutch ESG AEX index', 'global leading partner', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'proven track record', 'leading global partner', 'expert solutions provider', 'best ESG practices', 'Corporate Communications Director', 'Industrial Business Groups', 'Investor relations contact', 'IMCD N.V.', 'The Supervisory Board', 'best service', 'Media contact', 'The Netherlands', 'Management Board', 'speciality chemicals', 'external auditor', 'Group Controller', 'Americas region', 'Janus Smalbraak', 'deep understanding', 'M&A', 'result-driven teams', 'strong candidate', 'Marcus Jordan', 'growth strategy', 'success story', 'coming period', 'four years', 'press release', 'sustainable value', 'supply chain', 'operational excellence', 'business challenges', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'AMX indices', 'Muriel Werlé', 'Tosca Holtland', 'Operations Director', 'Hans Kooijmans', 'Vice-President Finance', 'Rotterdam headquarters', 'inside information', 'IMCD Switzerland', 'Floris Lagerwerf', 'future CFO', 'Company', 'distribution', 'formulation', 'ingredients', 'January', 'end', 'December', 'career', 'EMEA', 'Chair', 'organisation', 'confidence', 'continuity', 'leadership', 'CEO', 'support', 'transition', 'People', 'pride', 'successor', 'proposals', 'member', 'shareholders', 'approval', 'AGM', '30 April', 'meaning', 'Article', 'professionals', 'commercial', 'role', 'planet', 'consciousness', 'tomorrow', 'partnership', 'transparency', '5,100 employees', 'revenues', 'shares', 'symbol', '25 companies', 'imcdgroup', 'mediarelations', 'Attachment', '08:00']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,globenewswire.com
54223,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/12/3204455/0/en/IMCD-Supervisory-Board-members-nominated-for-reappointment.html,IMCD: Supervisory Board members nominated for reappointment,"Rotterdam  The Netherlands (12 December 2025) – “IMCD N.V. (""IMCD"" or ""Company"")  a global leading partner for the distribution and formulation of speciality chemicals and ingredients  announces that the Supervisory Board of IMCD nominates Mr. Janus Smalbraak…","Rotterdam  The Netherlands (12 December 2025) – “IMCD N.V. (""IMCD"" or ""Company"")  a global leading partner for the distribution and formulation of speciality chemicals and ingredients  announces that the Supervisory Board of IMCD nominates Mr. Janus Smalbraak for reappointment as member and Chair of the Supervisory Board at the next Annual General Meeting (AGM) in 2026. In addition to the nomination of Janus Smalbraak  the Supervisory Board nominates Mr. Stephan Nanninga for a third term of two years and Mr. Willem Eelman for a second term of four years on the Supervisory Board of IMCD.Janus Smalbraak was first appointed in 2016 and reappointed in 2020 and 2024. He currently serves as Chair of the Supervisory Board and Chair of the Nomination & Appointment Committee. The Supervisory Board now nominates him to be appointed for a fourth – and in accordance with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code – final term for a period of two years.Stephan Nanninga was first appointed in 2018 and reappointed in 2022. He currently serves as Vice-Chair  Chair of the Remuneration Committee and member of the Nomination and Appointment Committee. The Supervisory Board now nominates him to be appointed for a third term for a period of two years.Willem Eelman was first appointed in 2022. As financial expert  he currently serves as Chair of the Audit Committee. The Supervisory Board now nominates him to be appointed for a second term for a period of four years.The reappointments serve to keep continuity and accumulated knowledge of IMCD’s business present in the Supervisory Board to support and strengthen the Company’s management in the upcoming years. As part of the succession planning for the Chair position  it is the Supervisory Board’s intention to expand its composition with a sixth board member in the course of 2026  for which a search is currently ongoing.Further details will be included in the documentation for the AGM  which will be published on IMCD's website (www.imcdgroup.com).This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation and was issued on 12 December 2025  08:00 a.m. CET.- xxx-About IMCDIMCD  based in Rotterdam  The Netherlands  is a leading global partner for the distribution and formulation of speciality chemicals and ingredients. IMCD is an expert solutions provider and adds sustainable value to the supply chain. Every day professionals focus on providing the best service through commercial and operational excellence. The company is mindful of the role they play in creating a better planet for all and formulates with consciousness and executes with care  to address business challenges of tomorrow  in partnership and transparency.In 2024  with over 5 100 employees  IMCD realised revenues of EUR 4 728 million. IMCD N.V.’s shares are traded at Euronext Amsterdam (symbol: IMCD) and included in the Dutch ESG AEX index  as one of 25 companies within the AEX and AMX indices demonstrating best ESG practices.For further information  please visit www.imcdgroup.comMedia contactMuriel WerléCorporate Communications Director+31 10 290 86 14mediarelations@imcdgroup.comInvestor relations contactTosca HoltlandHead of Investor Relations+31 10 290 86 53ir@imcdgroup.comAttachment",neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Supervisory Board members', 'IMCD', 'reappointment', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Dutch Corporate Governance Code', 'Dutch ESG AEX index', 'Corporate Communications Director', 'global leading partner', 'leading global partner', 'best ESG practices', 'expert solutions provider', 'Mr. Stephan Nanninga', 'Mr. Willem Eelman', 'Mr. Janus Smalbraak', 'Investor relations contact', 'IMCD N.V.', 'The Supervisory Board', 'sixth board member', 'The Netherlands', 'financial expert', 'best service', 'Media contact', 'speciality chemicals', 'third term', 'two years', 'second term', 'four years', 'Appointment Committee', 'final term', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'upcoming years', 'succession planning', 'Further details', 'press release', 'sustainable value', 'supply chain', 'operational excellence', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'AMX indices', 'Muriel Werlé', 'Tosca Holtland', 'business challenges', 'inside information', 'Chair position', 'Rotterdam', 'Company', 'distribution', 'formulation', 'ingredients', 'reappointment', 'AGM', 'addition', 'nomination', 'accordance', 'period', 'Vice-Chair', 'continuity', 'knowledge', 'management', 'intention', 'composition', 'course', 'search', 'documentation', 'website', 'imcdgroup', 'meaning', 'Article', '12 December', 'professionals', 'commercial', 'role', 'planet', 'consciousness', 'care', 'tomorrow', 'partnership', 'transparency', '5,100 employees', 'revenues', 'shares', 'symbol', '25 companies', 'mediarelations', 'Head', 'Attachment', '08:00']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,globenewswire.com
54224,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/12/3204810/0/en/Orange-Orange-announces-the-signing-of-a-binding-agreement-with-Lorca-to-acquire-their-50-stake-in-MasOrange.html,Orange: Orange announces the signing of a binding agreement with Lorca to acquire their 50% stake in MasOrange,Press releaseParis  12 December 2025  Orange announces the signing of a binding agreement with Lorca to acquire their 50% stake in MasOrange  Orange has...,"Press releaseParis  12 December 2025Orange announces the signing of a binding agreement with Lorca to acquire their 50% stake in MasOrangeOrange has signed a binding agreement with Lorca to acquire full ownership of MasOrange  Spain’s leading operator in terms of customer base  through the acquisition of the remaining 50% stake in its Spanish joint venture for a price of 4.25 billion euros in cash. This announcement confirms the non-binding agreement that was previously announced on 31 October.This transaction will accelerate Orange’s strategic plan “Lead the Future” and further strengthen Orange’s position in Spain  the Group’s second-largest market in Europe. With full ownership  Orange confirms its long-term industrial commitment in Spain  and its confidence in MasOrange and its management to create value for all stakeholders.The closing of the transaction is expected in the first half of 2026  subject to customary regulatory approvals and other closing conditions* recalled on 31 October.For more information please refer to our 2024 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers available on our website  as well as the other risks  uncertainties and assumptions such as our ability to complete the acquisition  integrate the business and refinance the MasOrange debt at or after the closing.*At closing  MasOrange will be fully consolidated in Orange’s accounts  including certain debt that is expected to be refinanced at or after the closing of the acquisition. Please refer to its website: https://masorange.es/en for more information on recent financial developments of MasOrange  including its financial statements for the nine months ended 30 September 2025 and presentation of 9M 2025 earnings  and press release MasOrange issued on 4 December 2025 on the new joint fiber optic network company PremiumFiber in which MasOrange holds 58%.About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with revenues of 40.3 billion euros in 2024 and 124 100 employees worldwide at 30 September 2025  including 68 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of310 million customers worldwide at 30 September 2025  including 270 million mobile customers and 23 million fixed broadband customers. These figures account for the deconsolidation of certain activities in Spain following the creation of MASORANGE. The Group is present in 26 countries (including non-consolidated countries).Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan ""Lead the Future""  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ""Lead the Future"" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com   www.orange-business.com and to follow us on X: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contacts :Eric Fohlen-Weill ; eric.fohlen-weill@orange.comTom Wright ; tom.wright@orange.comAttachment",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,negative,0.0,0.36,0.64,True,English,"['binding agreement', 'Orange', 'signing', 'Lorca', '50% stake', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'new joint fiber optic network company', '23 million fixed broadband customers', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', 'Spanish joint venture', 'new business model', 'long-term industrial commitment', 'customary regulatory approvals', '2024 Universal Registration Document', 'recent financial developments', 'leading telecommunications operators', 'total customer base', '270 million mobile customers', 'other closing conditions', 'other Orange product', '310 million customers', 'network excellence', 'telecommunication services', 'other risks', 'financial statements', 'leading operator', 'leading provider', 'Press release', 'binding agreement', 'full ownership', '4.25 billion euros', 'strategic plan', 'largest market', 'first half', 'nine months', '9M 2025 earnings', '40.3 billion euros', 'global IT', 'multinational companies', 'service quality', 'symbol ORA', 'service names', 'Press contacts', 'remaining 50% stake', 'The Group', 'consolidated countries', 'Euronext Paris', 'Eric Fohlen-Weill', 'Orange Business', 'Tom Wright', 'MasOrange debt', '26 countries', '12 December', 'signing', 'Lorca', 'Spain', 'terms', 'acquisition', 'price', 'cash', 'announcement', '31 October', 'transaction', 'Future', 'position', 'Europe', 'confidence', 'management', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'information', 'website', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'ability', 'accounts', 'presentation', '4 December', 'PremiumFiber', 'world', 'revenues', '124,100 employees', '30 September', '68,000 employees', 'France', 'figures', 'deconsolidation', 'activities', 'creation', 'February', 'responsibility', 'efficiency', 'leadership', 'internet', 'orangegrouppr', 'material', 'trademarks', 'Attachment']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,globenewswire.com
54225,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/12/3204513/0/en/Heineken-Launches-New-WhatsApp-Technology-That-Swaps-Voice-Notes-for-Real-Life-Conversations-Over-a-Beer.html,Heineken® Launches New WhatsApp Technology That Swaps Voice Notes for Real Life Conversations Over a Beer,AMSTERDAM  Dec. 12  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- We’ve all been sent voice notes that - instead of offering a quick update - turn into miniature podcasts lasting what seems like forever.,"More than nine billion voice notes are now sent every day  meaning they’ve become a new global symbol of digital distractionThey’re getting longer  more one sided  and killing the art of conversation - some 76% of people globally says voice notes tend to be self-involved and over half even feel that they are replacing IRL connectionsIn a new tech pilot  Heineken ® has created a WhatsApp bot in a bid to transform long voice note monologues into real-life chatshas created a WhatsApp bot in a bid to transform long voice note monologues into real-life chats App users who receive voice notes lasting three minutes or longer can exchange them for a free beer - and it comes with a recommendation of local bars to try tooAMSTERDAM  Dec. 12  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- We’ve all been sent voice notes that - instead of offering a quick update - turn into miniature podcasts lasting what seems like forever.In the increasingly digital world we live in  voice notes are turning into yet another distraction that encourages us to bury our heads in our smartphones rather than making real life connections. Now Heineken®  the champion of IRL socialising  has launched new WhatsApp technology that offers an ingenious incentive to those who’d prefer to meet up and connect face-to-face  bringing back the art of in person conversation.The technology has been launched as a pilot in Brazil  where official data from META shows that Brazilians send four times as many voice notes than people in any other country.The tech was devised after global research polling 14 000 respondents showed that in just one year  the average person spends almost 150 hours a year sending and receiving voice notes.Not only are people spending a significant amount of time listening to voice notes  but they are impacting real-life social interactions too. Over half (52%) of those polled feel voice notes are replacing IRL interactions  rising to 60% amongst Gen Z. Nearly half (49%)  meanwhile  admit to spending entire evenings sending voice notes to a friend instead of meeting in-person  even though 54% say they have their most fulfilling conversations face-to-face.Global data and business intelligence platform Statista reported  in groundbreaking new data  that 9.4 billion WhatsApp voice notes are now sent every day (equivalent to about 3.4 trillion over the full year). When compared to 2024  their frequency has increased by 7%  and in length by 8%.Stacy Jo Dixon  Social Media and Society Expert at Statista  said: “Our data suggests that voice notes are not just growing in frequency but also length. With nearly 9.5 billion voice notes sent daily on WhatsApp alone (compared to 7 billion in 2022)  it’s evident that voice messaging is reshaping the way we communicate across the globe and taking on a more prominent role alongside traditional in-person interactions.”While many use voice notes as a ‘catch up shortcut’  people are barely engaged with them. Over half (55%) admit they often forget to listen to them  and even when they do listen  attention is low: 88% forget what was actually said in the message.Nabil Nasser  Global Head of HeinekenⓇ  said: ""Just like we all know meetings that ‘could have been an email’  we’re now seeing voice notes that ‘Could have been a Heineken’.“Voice notes can feel more personal than reading a message  but what our research shows is that we need to make sure they don’t turn into mini-podcasts  and that we’re having two-way conversations rather than an extended monologue.“At Heineken  we want to make it easier for people to share moments of socialisation in real life. That’s why we have launched the ‘Could have been a Heineken’ WhatsApp bot  incentivising people to swap long voice notes for a refreshing in-person catch up over a beer of course.”The ‘Could have been a Heineken’ WhatsApp technology is currently being tested in Brazil  with further global markets set to follow.To redeem the offer  WhatsApp users over 18 must forward a voice note that they have received  which is longer than three minutes  to a private  encrypted bot. The user will then receive a message saying it ‘Could have been a Heineken’  alongside a voucher for a free beer and a recommendation of local bars to meet up with the friend in real life.Notes to editorsMedia contact:HeinekenBrazil@wearetheromans.comResearch Credits:*Heineken commissioned a survey of 14 000 respondents across the United Kingdom  USA  Germany  India  Brazil  United Arab Emirates and Romania. Research conducted by OnePoll  November 2025.*Separately  Heineken commissioned Statista to supply the global data on voice note usage in 2024 and 2025About Heineken®HEINEKEN® is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brewing a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN® has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We employ over 85 000 employees and operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Heineken® N.V. and Heineken® Holding N.V. shares trade on the Euronext in Amsterdam. Prices for the ordinary shares may be accessed on Bloomberg under the symbols HEIA NA and HEIO NA and on Reuters under HEIN.AS and HEIO.AS. HEINEKEN® has two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programmes: Heineken® N.V. (OTCQX: HEINY) and Heineken® Holding N.V. (OTCQX: HKHHY)A photo accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/bd460a71-4e67-44c6-8b0c-cb1696242367",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['New WhatsApp Technology', 'Real Life Conversations', 'Voice Notes', 'Heineken®', 'Beer', 'long voice note monologues', 'nine billion voice notes', '9.4 billion WhatsApp voice notes', 'business intelligence platform', 'Stacy Jo Dixon', 'focused cost management', 'voice note usage', '9.5 billion voice notes', 'long voice notes', 'private, encrypted bot', 'United Arab Emirates', 'long-term brand investment', 'new global symbol', 'new WhatsApp technology', 'real-life social interactions', 'real life connections', 'many voice notes', 'new tech pilot', 'Heineken’ WhatsApp bot', 'Heineken’ WhatsApp technology', 'new data', 'voice messaging', 'IRL connections', 'Social Media', 'WhatsApp users', 'United Kingdom', 'real-life chats', 'IRL interactions', 'Global Head', 'global markets', 'person interactions', 'local bars', 'quick update', 'miniature podcasts', 'IRL socialising', 'ingenious incentive', 'other country', 'one year', 'significant amount', 'Gen Z.', 'entire evenings', 'fulfilling conversations', 'full year', 'Society Expert', 'prominent role', 'Nabil Nasser', 'two-way conversations', 'extended monologue', 'three minutes', 'Media contact', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'sales execution', 'Global data', 'Heineken® brand', 'official data', 'average person', 'person catch', 'free beer', 'premium beer', 'digital world', 'Better World', 'global research', 'digital distraction', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Research Credits', 'Now Heineken®', 'person conversation', 'Heineken ®', 'HeinekenⓇ', 'More', 'art', 'people', 'half', 'bid', 'recommendation', 'AMSTERDAM', 'heads', 'champion', 'face', 'Brazil', 'META', '14,000 respondents', '150 hours', 'time', 'friend', 'Statista', 'frequency', 'length', 'traditional', 'shortcut', 'attention', 'message', 'meetings', 'email', 'mini-podcasts', 'moments', 'socialisation', 'refreshing', 'course', 'offer', 'voucher', 'editors', 'wearetheromans', 'survey', 'Germany', 'India', 'Romania', 'OnePoll', 'marketer', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', 'innovation']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,globenewswire.com
54226,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/12/3204460/0/en/Haffner-Energy-secures-major-partnership-in-Canada-kicks-off-unprecedented-scale-up.html,Haffner Energy secures major partnership in Canada  kicks off unprecedented scale-up,Haffner Energy secures major partnership in Canada  kicks off unprecedented scale-up  Vitry-le-François  France (December 12  2025  8:00 a.m. CET)   ...,"Haffner Energy secures major partnership in Canada  kicks off unprecedented scale-upVitry-le-François  France (December 12  2025  8:00 a.m. CET)Haffner Energy announces the signing of a major strategic partnership in Canada  just weeks after the public presentation of its H6 product line. This agreement marks a major breakthrough for the company and reverses the trend of a difficult year 2025.This partnership agreement establishes three pillars:The granting of a technology license in Canada;The creation of a joint venture in Canada  49% owned by Haffner Energy;The deployment of an initial 5 MW industrial pilot project in Quebec.The Canadian partner  whose identity will be announced shortly  is to deploy Haffner Energy's technology to structure a complete advanced biofuels sector. An initial 5 MW project in Quebec is expected to generate €4.2 million for the Company in equipment and service sales. As all the equipment is already in stock  significant revenue will be recognized as soon as the contract comes into effect  with virtually no cash outlay  as the engineering services will be provided by Haffner Energy's internal resources. The firm order corresponding to this amount should be effective before the end of the fiscal year (March 31  2026).The keystone of the agreement is a forthcoming joint venture. This new company will hold an exclusive license for Canada  excluding certain areas of application1  and will carry out the complementary part of the project in Canada.A significant advance payment  including an initial tranche of €250 000 in December  will be made to Haffner Energy. Haffner Energy will hold 49% of the joint venture's capital  without any cash contribution  the license constituting the exclusive contribution in kind. The joint venture will market the technology  manufacture the majority of the equipment under license in accordance with Canadian standards  and develop and operate the facilities  with the direct participation of a network of Canadian farmer co-shareholders.The first 5MW project  with a capacity equal to just one quarter of that of subsequent projects  paves the way for the deployment of dozens of multi-energy hubs across the country. Each will be based on one or more SYNOCA® 20MW thermolysis units  the heart of the ecosystem  enabling flexible production of methane  methanol  biodiesel  hydrogen  or SAF  supplemented by methanization and photovoltaic panels. Thanks to secure inputs and already identified outlets  the first three hubs are expected to be launched as early as 2026.""After a year in which the Company and the market experienced delays and disappointments  the end of the year marks a major turnaround "" said Philippe Haffner  President and CEO of Haffner Energy.""With this partnership in the heart of North America  we are entering a new dimension. We would be delighted if the shareholders who continue to place their trust in us—and whom we warmly thank—are rewarded. The new generation of our technologies (H6)  unveiled on November 17  now places us among the few solutions capable of producing competitive biofuels without subsidies.With the new H6 generation  the competitiveness of our solutions is amplified. The cost of hydrogen production (LCOH) is now less than €2.50/kg for a 5MW unit  compared to nearly €10/kg for an electrolyzer of comparable capacity  and CAPEX per kilowatt of thermal energy produced is reduced by a factor of three for SYNOCA® H6 compared to the previous generation—a difference that is a game changer.Signed less than a month after the announcement of this new generation  our new partnership in Canada opens up an unprecedented path for the Company.”Canada  the world's second-largest country by area  produces 18 times more biomass than France  illustrating the abundance of resources available for biofuel production.This agreement takes place in the context of a growing strategic rapprochement between Canada and Europe  whose political  economic  defense  and environmental trajectories are increasingly aligned. In an international context of struggles for decarbonized energy sovereignty  sustainable use of local resources  and energy transition  this partnership offers Haffner Energy an exceptional platform for large-scale development.About Haffner EnergyHaffner Energy designs and supplies solutions for the production of competitive renewable fuels. With 32 years of experience in converting all types of biomass into biofuels  it has developed innovative proprietary biomass thermolysis and gasification technologies that enable the production of renewable gas  hydrogen  methanol  and Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF). The company also contributes to regenerating the planet through the co-production of biogenic CO2 and biocarbon (or char/biochar). Haffner Energy is listed on Euronext Growth (ISIN code: FR0014007ND6 – Ticker symbol: ALHAF).Press relationsHaffner EnergyLaetitia Mailheslaetitia.mailhes@haffner-energy.com+33 (0)6 07 12 96 76Investor RelationsHaffner Energyinvestisseurs@haffner-energy.com1 The license will be non-exclusive for sustainable aviation fuels (SAF) and will take into account the non-exclusive license granted to Kouros SA in 2021 and the partnership agreement established with Eren Industries in 2022.Attachment",neutral,0.13,0.87,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.11,0.33,True,English,"['Haffner Energy', 'major partnership', 'unprecedented scale-up', 'Canada', 'initial 5 MW industrial pilot project', 'SYNOCA® 20MW thermolysis units', 'complete advanced biofuels sector', 'innovative proprietary biomass thermolysis', 'initial 5 MW project', 'growing strategic rapprochement', 'political, economic, defense', 'H6 product line', 'significant advance payment', 'first 5MW project', 'Sustainable Aviation Fuel', 'decarbonized energy sovereignty', 'first three hubs', 'competitive renewable fuels', 'forthcoming joint venture', 'Haffner Energy designs', 'major strategic partnership', 'new H6 generation', 'SYNOCA® H6', 'initial tranche', 'competitive biofuels', 'three pillars', 'significant revenue', 'multi-energy hubs', '5MW unit', 'sustainable use', 'renewable gas', 'new generation', 'major breakthrough', 'major turnaround', 'previous generation', 'new dimension', 'thermal energy', 'energy transition', 'major partnership', 'Philippe Haffner', 'unprecedented scale-up', 'public presentation', 'Canadian partner', 'service sales', 'cash outlay', 'engineering services', 'firm order', 'complementary part', 'cash contribution', 'exclusive contribution', 'Canadian standards', 'direct participation', 'Canadian farmer', 'subsequent projects', 'photovoltaic panels', 'North America', 'game changer', 'new partnership', 'unprecedented path', 'environmental trajectories', 'exceptional platform', 'large-scale development', 'biogenic CO2', 'Euronext Growth', 'ISIN code', 'Ticker symbol', 'Press relations', 'Investor Relations', 'internal resources', 'local resources', 'difficult year', 'fiscal year', 'exclusive license', 'one quarter', 'flexible production', 'comparable capacity', 'largest country', 'biofuel production', 'international context', 'gasification technologies', 'Laetitia Mailhes', 'new company', 'partnership agreement', 'technology license', 'hydrogen production', 'Canada', 'France', 'December', '8:00 a', 'signing', 'trend', 'granting', 'creation', 'deployment', 'Quebec', 'identity', 'equipment', 'stock', 'contract', 'effect', 'amount', 'March', 'keystone', 'areas', 'application', 'capital', 'kind', 'majority', 'accordance', 'facilities', 'network', 'shareholders', 'way', 'dozens', 'heart', 'ecosystem', 'methane', 'methanol', 'biodiesel', 'SAF', 'methanization', 'inputs', 'outlets', 'market', 'delays', 'disappointments', 'President', 'CEO', 'trust', 'November', 'solutions', 'subsidies', 'competitiveness', 'cost', 'LCOH', 'electrolyzer', 'CAPEX', 'kilowatt', 'factor', 'difference', 'announcement', 'world', 'abundance', 'place', 'Europe', 'struggles', 'supplies', '32 years', 'experience', 'types', 'planet', 'biocarbon', 'char', 'ALHAF', 'haffner-energy', 'investisseurs']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,globenewswire.com
54227,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/12/3204460/0/fr/Haffner-Energy-s%C3%A9curise-un-partenariat-majeur-au-Canada-et-engage-un-changement-d-%C3%A9chelle.html,Haffner Energy sécurise un partenariat majeur au Canada et engage un changement d’échelle,Haffner Energy secures major partnership in Canada  kicks off unprecedented scale-up         Vitry-le-François  France (December 12  2025  8:00 a.m....,"Haffner Energy secures major partnership in Canada  kicks off unprecedented scale-upVitry-le-François  France (December 12  2025  8:00 a.m. CET)Haffner Energy announces the signing of a major strategic partnership in Canada  just weeks after unveiling its H6 product line to the public. This agreement marks a major breakthrough for the company and reverses the trend of a difficult year 2025.This partnership agreement establishes three pillars:The granting of a technology license in Canada;The creation of a joint venture in Canada  49% owned by Haffner Energy;The deployment of an initial 5 MW industrial pilot project in Quebec.The Canadian partner  whose identity will be announced shortly  is to deploy Haffner Energy's technology to structure a complete advanced biofuels sector. An initial 5 MW project in Quebec is expected to generate €4.2 million for the Company in equipment and service sales. As all the equipment is already in stock  significant revenue will be recognized as soon as the contract comes into effect  with virtually no cash outlay  as the engineering services will be provided by Haffner Energy's internal resources. The firm order corresponding to this amount should be effective before the end of the fiscal year (March 31  2026).The keystone of the agreement is a forthcoming joint venture. This new company will hold an exclusive license for Canada  excluding certain areas of application1  and will carry out the complementary part of the project in Canada.A significant advance payment  including an initial tranche of €250 000 in December  will be made to Haffner Energy. Haffner Energy will hold 49% of the joint venture's capital  without any cash contribution  the license constituting the exclusive contribution in kind. The joint venture will market the technology  manufacture the majority of the equipment under license in accordance with Canadian standards  and develop and operate the facilities  with the direct participation of a network of Canadian farmer co-shareholders.The first 5MW project  with a capacity equal to just one quarter of that of subsequent projects  paves the way for the deployment of dozens of multi-energy hubs across the country. Each will be based on one or more SYNOCA® 20MW thermolysis units  the heart of the ecosystem  enabling flexible production of methane  methanol  biodiesel  hydrogen  or SAF  supplemented by methanization and photovoltaic panels. Thanks to secure inputs and already identified outlets  the first three hubs are expected to be launched as early as 2026.""After a year in which the Company and the market experienced delays and disappointments  the end of the year marks a major turnaround "" said Philippe Haffner  President and CEO of Haffner Energy.""With this partnership in the heart of North America  we are entering a new dimension. We would be delighted if the shareholders who continue to place their trust in us—and whom we warmly thank—are rewarded. The new generation of our technologies (H6)  unveiled on November 17  now places us among the few solutions capable of producing competitive biofuels without subsidies.With the new H6 generation  the competitiveness of our solutions is amplified. The cost of hydrogen production (LCOH) is now less than €2.50/kg for a 5MW unit  compared to nearly €10/kg for an electrolyzer of comparable capacity  and CAPEX per kilowatt of thermal energy produced is reduced by a factor of three for SYNOCA® H6 compared to the previous generation—a difference that is a game changer.Signed less than a month after the announcement of this new generation  our new partnership in Canada opens up an unprecedented path for the Company.”Canada  the world's second-largest country by area  produces 18 times more biomass than France  illustrating the abundance of resources available for biofuel production.This agreement takes place in the context of a growing strategic rapprochement between Canada and Europe  whose political  economic  defense  and environmental trajectories are increasingly aligned. In an international context of struggles for decarbonized energy sovereignty  sustainable use of local resources  and energy transition  this partnership offers Haffner Energy an exceptional platform for large-scale development.About Haffner EnergyHaffner Energy designs and supplies solutions for the production of competitive renewable fuels. With 32 years of experience in converting all types of biomass into biofuels  it has developed innovative proprietary biomass thermolysis and gasification technologies that enable the production of renewable gas  hydrogen  methanol  and Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF). The company also contributes to regenerating the planet through the co-production of biogenic CO2 and biocarbon (or char/biochar). Haffner Energy is listed on Euronext Growth (ISIN code: FR0014007ND6 – Ticker symbol: ALHAF).Press relationsHaffner EnergyLaetitia Mailheslaetitia.mailhes@haffner-energy.com+33 (0)6 07 12 96 76Investor RelationsHaffner Energyinvestisseurs@haffner-energy.comPièce jointe",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.11,0.33,True,English,"['Haffner Energy', 'partenariat', 'Canada', 'changement', 'échelle', 'initial 5 MW industrial pilot project', 'SYNOCA® 20MW thermolysis units', 'complete advanced biofuels sector', 'innovative proprietary biomass thermolysis', 'initial 5 MW project', 'growing strategic rapprochement', 'political, economic, defense', 'H6 product line', 'significant advance payment', 'first 5MW project', 'Sustainable Aviation Fuel', 'decarbonized energy sovereignty', 'first three hubs', 'competitive renewable fuels', 'forthcoming joint venture', 'Haffner Energy designs', 'major strategic partnership', 'new H6 generation', 'SYNOCA® H6', 'initial tranche', 'competitive biofuels', 'three pillars', 'significant revenue', 'multi-energy hubs', '5MW unit', 'sustainable use', 'renewable gas', 'new generation', 'major breakthrough', 'major turnaround', 'previous generation', 'new dimension', 'thermal energy', 'energy transition', 'major partnership', 'Philippe Haffner', 'unprecedented scale-up', 'Canadian partner', 'service sales', 'cash outlay', 'engineering services', 'firm order', 'complementary part', 'cash contribution', 'exclusive contribution', 'Canadian standards', 'direct participation', 'Canadian farmer', 'subsequent projects', 'photovoltaic panels', 'North America', 'game changer', 'new partnership', 'unprecedented path', 'environmental trajectories', 'exceptional platform', 'large-scale development', 'biogenic CO2', 'Euronext Growth', 'ISIN code', 'Ticker symbol', 'Press relations', 'Investor Relations', 'internal resources', 'local resources', 'difficult year', 'fiscal year', 'exclusive license', 'one quarter', 'flexible production', 'comparable capacity', 'largest country', 'biofuel production', 'international context', 'gasification technologies', 'Laetitia Mailhes', 'new company', 'partnership agreement', 'technology license', 'hydrogen production', 'Canada', 'France', 'December', '8:00 a', 'signing', 'public', 'trend', 'granting', 'creation', 'deployment', 'Quebec', 'identity', 'equipment', 'stock', 'contract', 'effect', 'amount', 'March', 'keystone', 'areas', 'application', 'capital', 'kind', 'majority', 'accordance', 'facilities', 'network', 'shareholders', 'way', 'dozens', 'heart', 'ecosystem', 'methane', 'methanol', 'biodiesel', 'SAF', 'methanization', 'inputs', 'outlets', 'market', 'delays', 'disappointments', 'President', 'CEO', 'trust', 'November', 'solutions', 'subsidies', 'competitiveness', 'cost', 'LCOH', 'electrolyzer', 'CAPEX', 'kilowatt', 'factor', 'difference', 'announcement', 'world', 'abundance', 'place', 'Europe', 'struggles', 'supplies', '32 years', 'experience', 'types', 'planet', 'biocarbon', 'char', 'ALHAF', 'haffner-energy']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,globenewswire.com
54228,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/12/3204451/0/en/WENDEL-Wendel-Investor-Day.html,WENDEL: Wendel Investor Day,Wendel's transformation: two powerful value creation engines expected to generate more than €7 billion in cash flow by end 2030 and to return at least €1.6 billion to shareholders,Wendel's transformation: two powerful value creation engines expected to generate more than €7 billion in cash flow by end 2030 and to return at least €1.6 billion to shareholdersCancellation of 3.8% of treasury shares and launch of a share buyback representing 9% of the share capital in 2026In less than three years  Wendel has carried out a major strategic transformation  evolving from a traditional investment holding company into a global investment firm focused on creating value through controlled private assets  serving both its clients and shareholders  while preserving its long-term investor DNA.By the end of 2030  the accelerated development of third-party asset management (WIM) and the active management of principal investments (WPI) will support an attractive shareholder return policy  with more than €1.6 billion in potential distributions and share buybacks.Wendel has created a unique private asset investment ecosystem in North America and Europe  powered by two complementary value creation engines: the strong recurring cash flow generated by its private asset management platform and the potential of capital gains arising from its principal investment activities. This ecosystem is supported by an optimized operating model  a streamlined team  and a robust financial structure.Wendel Investment Managers (WIM): Following the acquisition of Committed Advisors  WIM will manage more than €46 billion in assets and is expected to generate annual FRE0F 1 in excess of €2001F 2 million in 2026 (on a pro forma basis) across private equity  private debt and private market solutions  supported by teams with a strong track record of performance and a highly diversified institutional investor base (LPs). WIM benefits from strong recurring revenues and boasts a significant growth potential  with an average organic2F 3 FRE annual growth target of 15% through 2030. Additionally  WIM will also benefit over time from the performance fees generated on managed funds (PRE3F 4 )  which could represent  for the next fundraising vintages  approximately €300 million. In parallel  WIM will progressively increase its share of revenues by acquiring  as planned  the minority interests in IK Partners  Monroe Capital and Committed Advisors. Finally  Wendel will continue to assess selective external growth opportunities to potentially strengthen its platform and expertise.Following the acquisition of Committed Advisors  WIM will manage more than €46 billion in assets and is expected to generate annual FRE0F in excess of €2001F million in 2026 (on a pro forma basis) across private equity  private debt and private market solutions  supported by teams with a strong track record of performance and a highly diversified institutional investor base (LPs). WIM benefits from strong recurring revenues and boasts a significant growth potential  with an average organic2F FRE annual growth target of 15% through 2030. Additionally  WIM will also benefit over time from the performance fees generated on managed funds (PRE3F )  which could represent  for the next fundraising vintages  approximately €300 million. In parallel  WIM will progressively increase its share of revenues by acquiring  as planned  the minority interests in IK Partners  Monroe Capital and Committed Advisors. Finally  Wendel will continue to assess selective external growth opportunities to potentially strengthen its platform and expertise. Wendel Principal Investments (WPI ):WPI has granted IK Partners an advisory mandate to enhance its management framework and benefit from the proven expertise of the IK Partners’ ecosystem; Wendel’s principal investments portfolio is of high quality and is regularly valued using listed peers’ multiples; The active management of listed and unlisted assets will continue through to 2030; WPI will continue to make direct control investments through the advisory mandate granted to IK Partners  with an objective of approximately €300 million per year and per investment  potentially alongside co-investors investing similar amounts; The objective is to achieve an average annual increase in the intrinsic value of Wendel’s Principal Investments of 12% to 16%.):The cash flows generated by the asset management business and the proceeds from the active management of the investment portfolio  are expected to generate cash flows of more than €7 billion by 2030. These €7 billion will be allocated as follows:More than €2.5 billion will be invested in the WIM platform   primarily in sponsor money to support the development of various strategies  the buyout of minority interests in WIM  and potentially selective M&A targets to add new expertise to the platform. By the end of 2030  the asset management business is expected to represent more than half of Wendel's intrinsic value;  primarily in sponsor money to support the development of various strategies  the buyout of minority interests in WIM  and potentially selective M&A targets to add new expertise to the platform. By the end of 2030  the asset management business is expected to represent more than half of Wendel's intrinsic value; Around €1.7 billion will be invested in Wendel Principal Investments (WPI) ;; More than €1.6 billion is to be returned to shareholders as part of the dividend policy announced in 2023  supplemented by share buybacks to take advantage of the significant discount to intrinsic value reflected by Wendel's current share price;as part of the dividend policy announced in 2023  supplemented by share buybacks to take advantage of the significant discount to intrinsic value reflected by Wendel's current share price; The remaining balance of more than €1.2 billion will potentially be allocated to additional shareholder returns and/or used for new investments depending on market opportunities;will potentially be allocated to additional shareholder returns and/or used for new investments depending on market opportunities; This allocation will be executed carefully with the objective of managing prudently the leverage and maintaining Wendel’s Investment Grade rating.Returns to shareholders are therefore projected to exceed €1.6 billion by 2030  and will include:Annual dividends paid as per the dividend policy announced in 2023 based on (i) 2.5% of WPI's Net Asset Value  plus (ii) around 90% of dividend distributed by WIM. In the medium term  WIM's cash flow growth is expected to enable the increase of the annual dividend towards c.3.5% of NAV. Wendel’s objective of maintaining at least a stable dividend year-on-year remains unchanged. Ordinary dividends  paid in two installments including an interim dividend  are expected to represent a cumulative total of c.€1.3 billion returned to shareholders by end 2030.based on (i) 2.5% of WPI's Net Asset Value  plus (ii) around 90% of dividend distributed by WIM. In the medium term  WIM's cash flow growth is expected to enable the increase of the annual dividend towards c.3.5% of NAV. Wendel’s objective of maintaining at least a stable dividend year-on-year remains unchanged. Ordinary dividends  paid in two installments including an interim dividend  are expected to represent a cumulative total of c.€1.3 billion returned to shareholders by end 2030. Starting in 2026  a capital reduction through the upcoming cancellation of 1.7 million treasury shares  representing 3.8% of the share capital  and a large share buyback program representing 9% of the share capital in 2026 (c.€300 million based on the current share price): the share cancellation  scheduled for the coming weeks  will enable Wendel to conduct larger share buybacks in the future and to hold up to 10% of its own share capital. Following the cancellation of 3.8% of its share share capital  Wendel will still retain c.1% of its own shares and will be able to repurchase up to c.9% of its capital over the next 12 months. The share cancellation and 2026 buyback program will proceed once Wendel-Participations SE (“WP”)  Wendel’s majority shareholder  acting in concert with the Chairwoman of WP and its subsidiary SPIM  obtains a final exemption decision to launch a public takeover bid for Wendel. This exemption decision from the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers) is expected in the coming weeks. Shares to be repurchased in 2026 will be mainly used to (i) finance buyouts of minority shareholders in WIM management companies and future acquisitions in private asset management as well as to (ii) cover employees’ long-term incentive plans.the share cancellation  scheduled for the coming weeks  will enable Wendel to conduct larger share buybacks in the future and to hold up to 10% of its own share capital. Following the cancellation of 3.8% of its share share capital  Wendel will still retain c.1% of its own shares and will be able to repurchase up to c.9% of its capital over the next 12 months. The share cancellation and 2026 buyback program will proceed once Wendel-Participations SE (“WP”)  Wendel’s majority shareholder  acting in concert with the Chairwoman of WP and its subsidiary SPIM  obtains a final exemption decision to launch a public takeover bid for Wendel. This exemption decision from the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers) is expected in the coming weeks. Shares to be repurchased in 2026 will be mainly used to (i) finance buyouts of minority shareholders in WIM management companies and future acquisitions in private asset management as well as to (ii) cover employees’ long-term incentive plans. The return to shareholders may be supplemented by part of the balance mentioned above  depending on market conditions and opportunities.Wendel will hold its 24th Investor Day today in Paris  during which the Wendel Executive Board will present an update on its strategic ambitions announced in 2023.The aim of the Investor Day is to enable the financial community to get to know Wendel and the managers of the Group’s companies and to provide detailed information on their potential for long-term value creation.At this 24th edition  Andee Harris  the new CEO of Crisis Prevention Institute  and William Rozé  the new CEO of Scalian  will present their respective companies. In addition  Zia Uddin  President of Monroe Capital  and Daniel Benin  CEO of Committed Advisors  will give a video presentation.Laurent Mignon  Chairman of the Executive Board of Wendel  stated:“In three years  Wendel has become a global investment firm with a unique model dedicated to private assets  offering two complementary businesses that create long-term value: our long-standing WPI business  dedicated to direct principal investments  and third-party asset management with WIM. This profound and rapid transformation of Wendel has been accompanied by a significant shareholders return policy and the optimization of its capabilities and financial strength.With these two powerful engines for growth and value creation  and organization that is now streamlined and focused on expertise and operational efficiency  Wendel is embarking on a new phase of its development while retaining its culture and DNA as a long-term investor for the benefit of its shareholders and customers. The recurring cash flows generated by asset management and proceeds from portfolio disposals are expected to generate a solid cash inflow of more than €7 billion by 2030  and will enable the return of more than €1.6 billion to shareholders in dividends and share buybacks.Wendel is confident in its ability to achieve these ambitious goals thanks to its highly talented teams that have amply demonstrated their ability to deliver results  an optimized model offering opportunities for synergies  and strong sector and geographical diversification  combined with solid financial capabilities. Wendel is fully prepared to reach its ambitions.I would like to thank our shareholders and each of Wendel’s employees  who have supported and enabled this major transformation and who are committed to making Wendel a significant player in the private assets market  serving businesses  customers and shareholders alike.”For more information  Wendel's Investor Day will be broadcast live on December 12 from 2:30 PM on our website www.wendelgroup.com and will be available for consultation for one year.AgendaWednesday  February 25  2026Full-Year 2025 Results – Publication of NAV as of December 31  2025  and Full-Year consolidated financial statements (post-market release)Wednesday  April 22  2026Q1 2026 Trading update – Publication of NAV as of March 31  2026 (post-market release)Thursday  May 21  2026Annual General MeetingWednesday  July 29  2026H1 2026 results – Publication of NAV as of June 30  2026  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (post-market release)About WendelWendel is one of Europe’s leading listed investment firms. Regarding its Principal Investments strategy  the Group invests in companies which are leaders in their field  such as ACAMS  Bureau Veritas  Crisis Prevention Institute  Globeducate  IHS Towers  Scalian  Stahl and Tarkett. In 2023  Wendel initiated a strategic shift into third-party asset management of private assets  alongside its historical principal investment activities. In May 2024  Wendel completed the acquisition of a 51% stake in IK Partners  a major step in the deployment of its strategic expansion in third-party private asset management and also completed in March 2025 the acquisition of 72% of Monroe Capital. As of September 30  2025  Wendel Investment Managers manages 40 billion euros on behalf of third-party investors  and c.5.3 billion euros invested in its Principal Investments activity.Wendel is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris.Standard & Poor’s ratings: Long-term: BBB  stable outlook – Short-term: A-2Wendel is the Founding Sponsor of Centre Pompidou-Metz. In recognition of its long-term patronage of the arts  Wendel received the distinction of “Grand Mécène de la Culture” in 2012.For more information: wendelgroup.comPress contacts Analyst and investor contactsChristine Anglade: +33 6 14 04 03 87 Olivier Allot: +33 1 42 85 63 73c.anglade@wendelgroup.com o.allot@wendelgroup.comCaroline Decaux: +33 1 42 85 91 27c.decaux@wendelgroup.comPrimaticeOlivier Labesse : +33 6 79 11 49 71olivierlabesse@primatrice.comHugues Schmitt : +33 6 71 99 74 58huguesschmitt@primatice.comTodd Fogarty: + 1 212 521 4854Kekst CNCtodd.fogarty@kekstcnc.com1 FRE – Fee Related Earnings - Pre-tax results generated by management fees.2 Consolidated FRE  including Committed Advisors Acquisition on a full-year basis  with a USD/EUR rate of 1.17. Wendel SE share: approx. €130 million.3 Based on the IK Partners  Monroe Capital and Committed Advisors scope. At constant exchange rates.4 PRE – Performance Related Earnings – Pre-tax results related to fund performance.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.25,0.5,True,English,"['Wendel Investor Day', 'average organic2F 3 FRE annual growth target', 'average organic2F FRE annual growth target', 'two powerful value creation engines', 'two complementary value creation engines', 'unique private asset investment ecosystem', 'selective external growth opportunities', 'attractive shareholder return policy', 'selective M&A targets', 'diversified institutional investor base', 'traditional investment holding company', 'strong recurring cash flow', 'average annual increase', 'private asset management platform', 'long-term investor DNA', 'significant growth potential', 'strong track record', 'third-party asset management', 'asset management business', 'global investment firm', 'optimized operating model', 'robust financial structure', 'pro forma basis', 'next fundraising vintages', 'private market solutions', 'principal investment activities', 'direct control investments', 'strong recurring revenues', 'major strategic transformation', 'listed peers’ multiples', 'principal investments portfolio', 'controlled private assets', 'Wendel Investment Managers', 'IK Partners’ ecosystem', 'Wendel Principal Investments', 'annual FRE0F', 'investment portfolio', 'intrinsic value', 'private equity', 'private debt', 'active management', 'management framework', 'cash flows', 'potential distributions', 'treasury shares', 'three years', 'North America', 'capital gains', 'streamlined team', 'Committed Advisors', 'minority interests', 'Monroe Capital', 'advisory mandate', 'high quality', 'similar amounts', 'sponsor money', 'various strategies', 'unlisted assets', 'share buyback', 'share capital', 'proven expertise', 'new expertise', 'performance fees', 'managed funds', 'accelerated development', 'WIM platform', 'shareholders', 'Cancellation', 'launch', 'less', 'clients', 'WPI', 'Europe', 'acquisition', 'excess', 'teams', 'LPs', 'time', 'PRE3F', 'parallel', 'objective', 'investors', 'proceeds', 'buyout', 'half']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,globenewswire.com
54229,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2025/12/12/the-national-success-at-the-eurogroup-and-the-frapes-inside-and-outside-nd-the-meeting-with-the-farmers-the-big-deals-in-brokerages-grylos-in-real-estate/,The national success at the Eurogroup and the “frapés” (inside and outside ND)  the meeting with the farmers  the big deals in brokerages  Grylos in real estate,///The post The national success at the Eurogroup and the “frapés” (inside and outside ND)  the meeting with the farmers  the big deals in brokerages  Grylos in real estate appeared first on ProtoThema English.,Newsroom December 12 05:27Greetings. Yesterday  the Minister of National Economy  Kyriakos Pierrakakis  became the first Greek politician ever to win such a high-ranking position in the European Union through a vote — that of Eurogroup President. Pierrakakis  with the guidance and active backing of Mitsotakis  modestly  measuredly  persistently  and methodically managed to beat his opponent  the Belgian Finance Minister Vincent Van Peteghem. Here is a brief account of the road to this extremely important post  both for the country and for the 42-year-old politician who was elected MP for the first time only two years ago. The “father” of the idea to nominate Pierrakakis for Eurogroup President was his predecessor  Ireland’s Minister of Economy Paschal Donohoe  who resigned in order to take a high-level position at the World Bank. When this was suggested to Pierrakakis — informally  of course — he immediately went to Mitsotakis and asked first for his opinion  and second for his permission and support.According to information  before the Prime Minister said YES to Pierrakakis and threw himself fully behind his candidacy  he made two phone calls. The first was to the President of the European People’s Party  Manfred Weber  to ask whether “our minister” would be acceptable and had chances within the EPP; and the second call was to Donohoe himself  to ask how much time the Eurogroup presidency consumed. Afterwards  Mitsotakis summoned Pierrakakis and told him he would support him  informing him of the two previous calls. “I called Weber and he’s positive  and I called Donohoe to ask how much time he spends on the Eurogroup. He told me about 30%  so you’ll need to work… 130% of your time ” he said.Pierrakakis thanked him (and naturally assured him about the working hours)  and from that day — about five weeks ago — Mitsotakis literally did everything possible to get his minister elected. Every day in K.M.’s schedule there was a “Pierrakakis hour ” meaning the time he would always make one or more international contacts in favor of the minister’s candidacy. He didn’t leave a single prime minister he didn’t speak to  even from the opposite political camp  like Meloni — given that the Belgian PM belongs to the same party as the Italian. In that sense  this is very much his success as well.Of course  Pierrakakis himself  along with several other Greeks  started from the very beginning the effort to gather votes from the Eurogroup finance ministers — Foreign Minister Gerapetritis  MP Chatzivasileiou  and naturally his team: Vassilis Karatzas and director Nikos Dimakis.“Frapés” and intra-party matters…Meanwhile  at the same time as the Eurogroup yesterday  the entire opposition bet on the submission of the so-called “Frapés ” a Cretan fellow who  it seems  was taking money illegally from OPEKEPE because… there’s a photo of him from 2017 with Mitsotakis at a Cretan celebration along with another 30 party members. And because  as the great leader Nikos A. “revealed” (who knows nothing about Cretan roughnecks)  Kyriakos Mitsotakis’s father had officiated the wedding of “Frapés’” brother in 2004!Meanwhile  images of Pierrakakis as the new Eurogroup President and of Mitsotakis making statements about this undeniably national success were traveling around the world. Compare the images and the contrast with the opposition’s communication strategy. I’d say the only one who’s gaining within her audience is Konstantopoulou. I imagine similarly that the images of Karamanlis and Samaras hanging out together don’t help in comparative profiles…Mitsotakis–farmers meetingOn domestic matters now  the agricultural issue dominates  and today the ruling party also holds its Parliamentary Group meeting. Mitsotakis will first give a light scolding to his MPs who shout in order to… be heard by the farmers  telling them that we all care about these people  and that if the inspections hadn’t been carried out first  they would not have been paid by the EU. Because  as is well known  the EU services don’t listen to the Serres-style protests of Mrs. Arampatzi. The spokesperson Marinakis already hinted yesterday at what the PM’s reaction will be.At the same time  from ND’s Parliamentary Group Mitsotakis will announce a private meeting with the farmers’ representatives  provided they elect delegates at their assemblies tomorrow. The meeting can happen Monday or Tuesday  if delegates are chosen  and Mitsotakis intends to satisfy their main demands — chiefly cheaper electricity — so that everyone can have a calm Christmas. We’ll see.MPs back at Lolita’sMy source saw a lot of activity last night at the well-known Lolita’s in Psychiko  with quite a few MPs heading up to the restaurant’s mezzanine. I hear the host for the evening was ND’s parliamentary representative Notis Mitarakis  with about 25 MPs dining — a group that started with 7–8 people and kept growing. So even though the dinner with K.M. at “Karavitis” didn’t happen  ND MPs haven’t exactly gone into fasting mode. As you can imagine  ahead of today’s Parliamentary Group meeting and amid farmers’ blockades  the menu included rich political gossip — but I’ll refrain for now…The MP  the field  and the “technical solution”Let me give you another piece of gossip involving an MP that reached my ears  after the one who wanted OSE to grant favors with jobs for his voters. So  an MP who owns a field with some trees in his home region — where he’s also elected — was receiving small sums from OPEKEPE  but he didn’t really bother with it much since the subsidy money was peanuts and the production was mainly for home use.After the scandal  however  he too started digging and at some point realized he didn’t receive a subsidy for a plot that belongs to his wife. He looked into it and found that some producer from Crete had — apparently through a “technical solution” — declared his field as grazing land since last year  and continued the same practice this year. And now he’s trying to sort it out…The road opens for major deals in brokeragesEuroxx  despite denials from the company’s side — let’s assume justifiable since no agreement has been signed yet — is heading toward the Piraeus Group. As for Pantelakis  discussions are apparently underway  likely with Credia  though they haven’t yet concluded; and the information clearly fits within the context of the recent statements by E. Vrettou about one or two acquisitions by the bank.In any case  major private brokerage firms are moving into the banking sector  opening the way for the remaining investment firms (AXEPEY) which now need to scale up quickly and find their place in the new era of our stock market.Private brokerages are much more flexible in their management style and in staff compensation  but they will need significant capital — and organizational — reinforcement to meet the market’s new demands. Already there is talk of funds that may boost the share capital of private brokerages (Depolas  BETA  Merit  etc.)  though they are still unable to define the scale and scope of the changes needed to become Prime Brokers in the Euronext era.There is the example of Portugal  although it’s quite old  and the more recent successful example of Italy  which today contributes 25% to 30% of Euronext’s total revenues.In Greece  the scale is different  so the first choice for private AXEPEY seems to be “limited licensing” (e.g. no Clearing  no Custody). All this remains until the first major deals close with funds that want to invest in the newly upgraded Greek stock market under Euronext.After THEON  the EFA Group of ChatziminaThe great success of Theon International Group  which in just two years has tripled its market value and is now closing major contracts abroad  is bringing developments to another defense technology group of Christian Chatzimina  the EFA Group. Announcements about the company  which has also embarked on the path to the stock market but in a second phase  are expected next Tuesday and  according to information  will include the entry of well-known business groups into the share capital. Meanwhile  the company’s new factory is already ready  laying even stronger foundations for the Group’s subsidiaries covering a wide range  from electronic warfare  satellites  drones  software  and more.The STOXX rebalancing and MetlenNext week  Friday  December 19  after the market close  the annual restructuring of the STOXX indices will take effect  with three Greek companies strengthening their international presence. According to Eurobank Equities  Metlen Energy & Metals  VIOHALCO  and the Bank of Cyprus are joining the STOXX Eastern Europe Total Market Large Index. Metlen stands out with broader inclusion. It will be added not to one or two but to five additional indices: STOXX Developed and Emerging Markets Total Market  STOXX Emerging Markets Total Market  STOXX Balkans Total Market  STOXX Greece Total Market  and STOXX All Europe Total Market. This multiple inclusion also generates significant multiple flows from passive funds tracking these indices.Grylos (also) in real estateYesterday  the Grylos family  which controls the IOGR group — including the airline Sky Express  aircraft ground handling company Swissport Hellas  and a strong presence in the tourism market — moved to establish a new company with… an eye on real estate. The new company is called Grylos NIA Developments S.A.  is headquartered in Heraklion  Crete  and starts with a share capital of €100 000. Its purpose is property management and leasing services  general building cleaning  and more. The founders and shareholders are Andreas Grylos  contributing €51 010 (51.01% stake)  Ioannis Grylos  €16 330 (16.33%)  Nikolaos Grylos  €16 330 (16.33%)  and Marianthi Mastrakouli  €16 330 (16.33%). In the first Board of Directors  Andreas Grylos is Chairman and CEO  Marianthi Mastrakouli Vice-Chair  and Ioannis and Nikolaos Grylos are members.Over 7 500 private investors in Aktor’s bondThe bond loan of the AKTOR Group attracted strong interest from the investing public  experiencing very high demand. More than 7 500 private investors participated  depositing a total of €251 million of the €440.7 million submitted  leading to significant oversubscription — about 3.1 times the requested amount. Brokerage sources note that the issue had quite strong characteristics  and despite being supported by only one systemic bank  Piraeus Bank (and also Credia and Optima)  the process was completed with absolute success and particularly high demand. Furthermore  they highlight that the large sum raised is even more significant considering that during 2025  bond issues by listed companies exceeded €2 billion in total. This underlines both the attractiveness of this issuance and the market’s confidence in the Group’s business plan and prospects. It is also noted that this was the new AKTOR Group’s first appearance in the markets  giving even more weight to the result.Grimaldi fenced in BrusselsAt the conference for the 60th anniversary of the European Community Shipowners’ Association (ECSA) in Brussels  Emanuel Grimaldi made it clear he wasn’t going to let the anniversary go by in “low gear.” While the audience expected a customary speech  the Italian chose a straight line: he spoke about politicians who “don’t listen” and about European decisions made without regard to the reality of shipping. His reference to a former Commissioner who sought his opinion “without intending to follow it” left a frozen smile on the panel. The message was clear: Europe still asks the experts only to… confirm that it will do the opposite. Grimaldi reminded everyone that shipping is not a playground for political games  but a sector for decisions that keep the European economy upright. In Brussels  some felt the criticism was pointed directly at them.Emanuel vs. MSCWhile this was happening in Brussels  the Grimaldi group successfully opposed the planned sale of five Moby ferries to the MSC giant  leading to a suspension of the plan by the Lazio Regional Administrative Court (TAR). Grimaldi’s objections are mainly based on concerns about competition and the risk of creating a monopoly on lines to Sardinia and other Italian islands.Tsakos and the RebrainYou may have heard about Minister Niki Kerameos’s presence in New York with the main purpose of repatriating Greek scientists to Greece — the so-called Rebrain. The Minister attended the Rebrain Greece event in the Big Apple  and according to reports  significant support for these efforts comes from the Tsakos Group  specifically the NYSE-listed Tsakos Energy Navigation  founded and led by Nikos Tsakos. There is even a photo of Nikos Tsakos with the Minister and Archbishop Elpidophoros of America  showing the serious effort underway. TEN is the oldest Greek-owned shipping company listed on the NYSE and has been active for decades in social contributions  always with the homeland in mind.Storm… Alert at NaviosThe recent placement of the Storm Bond Fund in Navios Maritime Holdings’ bonds caused a stir  mainly for the timing. At a period when many managers avoid increasing exposure to cyclical companies  Morten Astrup’s fund chose to “lock in” a 7.75% yield on Navios’s senior unsecured bonds. From a Wall Street analyst’s perspective  this move shows that Navios is still considered a company with measurable predictability — not because the market suddenly became stable  but because the company shows what bond investors call an “equity cushion that does the job ” i.e.  the “buffer” offered by the company’s net worth against its debt.The most important asset  however  is the $3.7 billion backlog  which ensures cash flows over a time horizon that traders rarely watch but bond managers never ignore. Storm placed 1.2% of its portfolio in Navios bonds — a small percentage  but for a conservative high-yield shipping fund  it is a clear signal of confidence. This is not a “vote” for the stock or management  but for the company’s ability to generate predictable EBITDA and maintain its debt structure without surprises.The long squeeze of cryptocurrenciesIt was the afternoon of October 6  when the price of a bitcoin surpassed $123 857  and that day dozens of analyses were published predicting a rise to $150 000 or even $200 000. Reality proved completely different. Today  bitcoin struggles to hold $90 000  with daily fluctuations of +/-5% becoming routine. Those optimistic enough to believe the analyses forecasting huge six-figure numbers rushed to borrow in order to take positions and make more money. What we’ve seen in recent days is the massive liquidation of leveraged long positions  like the one two days ago when more than $250 million vanished in a few hours. It was yet another classic “long squeeze ” typical of the crypto market’s over-expectations. When Bitcoin began to drop from $120 000  automatic liquidation mechanisms triggered the familiar domino effect. The price fall activated margin calls  forcing position sales  which in turn pushed the price even lower. One thing is certain: now  macroeconomic concerns — from Fed policy to geopolitical tensions — affect all so-called risk assets  including cryptocurrencies. Technical analysts argue that the $89 600 level is a critical support  and a potential break could lead to further decline toward $85 000. For now  the world’s largest cryptocurrency trades safely above $90 200.Oracle reminded Wall Street what an “expectations bubble” meansThe trend was visible from the night session with futures contracts. But as soon as yesterday’s Wall Street session began  Oracle Corporation’s stock immediately recorded its biggest daily drop since 2001. At the open  it fell -14%  evaporating $105 billion of its market capitalization in minutes. It all started with the Q2 earnings announcement  which disappointed Wall Street’s expectations for accelerated growth in cloud computing. Oracle follows a fiscal year starting in June  so its second fiscal quarter ended on November 30. The key to the negative reaction lies in cloud services revenue  which increased only +12% year-on-year — well below analysts’ expectations of 15%–16% growth. Oracle is aggressively investing in cloud infrastructure to compete with Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure. For these investments to pay off  large contracts with hyperscalers and AI companies are needed  which are not yet visible. Management also warned of margin pressures due to higher capital expenditures in data centers  while plans for new cloud contracts fall short of targets. Bernstein and Goldman Sachs analysts immediately downgraded their recommendations  noting that the company is paying the price for entering the cloud war late. Oracle’s collapse also dragged down other enterprise software companies like Salesforce and SAP. Beautiful expectations burn beautifully.,neutral,0.23,0.77,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.27,0.41,True,English,"['national success', 'frapés', 'big deals', 'real estate', 'Eurogroup', 'ND', 'meeting', 'farmers', 'brokerages', 'Grylos', 'Belgian Finance Minister Vincent Van Peteghem', 'Eurogroup finance ministers', 'two phone calls', 'two previous calls', 'opposite political camp', 'several other Greeks', 'director Nikos Dimakis', 'Foreign Minister Gerapetritis', 'first Greek politician', 'Frapés’” brother', 'Parliamentary Group meeting', 'single prime minister', 'new Eurogroup President', 'Parliamentary Group Mitsotakis', 'Mitsotakis–farmers meeting', 'Belgian PM', 'parliamentary representative', '42-year-old politician', 'Nikos A.', 'private meeting', 'high-ranking position', 'European Union', 'active backing', 'brief account', 'important post', 'high-level position', 'Manfred Weber', 'second call', 'Eurogroup presidency', 'working hours', 'K.M.', 'international contacts', 'Vassilis Karatzas', 'intra-party matters', 'Cretan fellow', 'Cretan celebration', 'great leader', 'Cretan roughnecks', 'communication strategy', 'comparative profiles', 'domestic matters', 'agricultural issue', 'Serres-style protests', 'Mrs. Arampatzi', 'spokesperson Marinakis', 'farmers’ representatives', 'main demands', 'cheaper electricity', 'calm Christmas', 'Notis Mitarakis', 'fasting mode', 'first time', 'same party', '30 party members', 'ruling party', 'National Economy', 'World Bank', 'MP Chatzivasileiou', 'entire opposition', 'national success', 'EU services', 'Kyriakos Mitsotakis', 'same time', 'Paschal Donohoe', 'European People', 'Kyriakos Pierrakakis', 'Pierrakakis hour', 'ND MPs', '7–8 people', '25 MPs', 'Newsroom', 'Greetings', 'vote', 'guidance', 'opponent', 'road', 'country', 'father', 'idea', 'predecessor', 'Ireland', 'order', 'course', 'opinion', 'permission', 'support', 'information', 'YES', 'candidacy', 'chances', 'EPP', 'day', 'everything', 'schedule', 'favor', 'Meloni', 'Italian', 'sense', 'beginning', 'effort', 'team', 'submission', 'money', 'OPEKEPE', 'photo', 'wedding', 'images', 'statements', 'contrast', 'audience', 'Konstantopoulou', 'Karamanlis', 'Samaras', 'light', 'inspections', 'reaction', 'delegates', 'assemblies', 'everyone', 'Lolita', 'source', 'lot', 'activity', 'Psychiko', 'restaurant', 'mezzanine', 'host', 'evening', 'dinner', 'Karavitis', 'ami']",2025-12-12,2025-12-13,en.protothema.gr
