UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
3596,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,#Proxymity's CEO &amp; Co-Founder  Dean Little  joined @Clearstream's Sam Riley for a discussion about how… https://t.co/s6MuxUKZAG,nan,#Proxymity's CEO &amp; Co-Founder  Dean Little  joined @Clearstream's Sam Riley for a discussion about how… https://t.co/s6MuxUKZAG,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Dean Little', 'Sam Riley', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'discussion', 's6MuxUKZAG', 'Dean Little', 'Sam Riley', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'discussion', 's6MuxUKZAG']",2022-04-26,2022-04-29,Unknown
3597,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,C$165.83 - #FreeShipping | These sales are too hot to handle  ClearStream 2V Indoor/Outdoor HDTV Antenna… https://t.co/KTo8v6cYTF,nan,C$165.83 - #FreeShipping | These sales are too hot to handle  ClearStream 2V Indoor/Outdoor HDTV Antenna… https://t.co/KTo8v6cYTF,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['ClearStream 2V Indoor/Outdoor HDTV Antenna', 'sales', 'KTo8v6cYTF', 'ClearStream 2V Indoor/Outdoor HDTV Antenna', 'sales', 'KTo8v6cYTF']",2022-04-26,2022-04-29,Unknown
3693,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,CCL 213-213 5Euroclear T+2,nan,CCL 213-213 5Euroclear T+2,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['CCL', 'Euroclear', 'CCL', 'Euroclear']",2022-04-27,2022-04-29,Unknown
3694,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Russian sanctions give Euroclear a capital headache https://t.co/8qgbU2A0sH,nan,Russian sanctions give Euroclear a capital headache https://t.co/8qgbU2A0sH,negative,0.01,0.06,0.93,negative,0.01,0.06,0.93,True,English,"['Russian sanctions', 'capital headache', 'Euroclear', '8qgbU2A0sH', 'Russian sanctions', 'capital headache', 'Euroclear', '8qgbU2A0sH']",2022-04-27,2022-04-29,Unknown
3695,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Yes! #Euroclear strong performance is explained by illegitimate withholding of Russian people’s assets. Neither I c… https://t.co/uKup6ARSiA,nan,Yes! #Euroclear strong performance is explained by illegitimate withholding of Russian people’s assets. Neither I c… https://t.co/uKup6ARSiA,negative,0.01,0.02,0.97,negative,0.01,0.02,0.97,True,English,"['illegitimate withholding', 'Russian people', 'assets', 'uKup6ARSiA', 'illegitimate withholding', 'Russian people', 'assets', 'uKup6ARSiA']",2022-04-27,2022-04-29,Unknown
3696,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Russian sanctions give Euroclear a capital headache https://t.co/2pgBUHRpxi via FXEmpire #forex #fx,nan,Russian sanctions give Euroclear a capital headache https://t.co/2pgBUHRpxi via FXEmpire #forex #fx,negative,0.02,0.26,0.71,negative,0.02,0.26,0.71,True,English,"['Russian sanctions', 'capital headache', 'Euroclear', 'pgBUHRpxi', 'FXEmpire', 'forex', 'Russian sanctions', 'capital headache', 'Euroclear', 'pgBUHRpxi', 'FXEmpire', 'forex']",2022-04-27,2022-04-29,Unknown
3715,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,"@VigilanteCrypto Hey Jeff! This recalls me the ""Clearstream affair"". It revealed a software trick to send large amo… https://t.co/yPj6oP41KY",nan,"@VigilanteCrypto Hey Jeff! This recalls me the ""Clearstream affair"". It revealed a software trick to send large amo… https://t.co/yPj6oP41KY",negative,0.01,0.03,0.96,negative,0.01,0.03,0.96,True,English,"['Clearstream affair', 'software trick', 'large amo', 'VigilanteCrypto', 'Jeff', 'yPj6oP41KY', 'Clearstream affair', 'software trick', 'large amo', 'VigilanteCrypto', 'Jeff', 'yPj6oP41KY']",2022-04-27,2022-04-29,Unknown
3716,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Lovely to have David Brosnan and the team from @Clearstream on our Bishopstown campus today @MTU_ie https://t.co/It13k705cj,nan,Lovely to have David Brosnan and the team from @Clearstream on our Bishopstown campus today @MTU_ie https://t.co/It13k705cj,positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['David Brosnan', 'Bishopstown campus', 'team', 'MTU_ie', 'David Brosnan', 'Bishopstown campus', 'team', 'MTU_ie']",2022-04-27,2022-04-29,Unknown
3717,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@deborahfuhr @DWS_Group @MVISindices @IndexIndustry @HSBC @StateStreetGA @StateStreetETFs @Clearstream @WillkieFarr… https://t.co/J0yOpt7VXG,nan,@deborahfuhr @DWS_Group @MVISindices @IndexIndustry @HSBC @StateStreetGA @StateStreetETFs @Clearstream @WillkieFarr… https://t.co/J0yOpt7VXG,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['deborahfuhr', 'DWS_Group', 'MVISindices', 'IndexIndustry', 'HSBC', 'StateStreetGA', 'StateStreetETFs', 'Clearstream', 'WillkieFarr', 'J0yOpt7VXG', 'deborahfuhr', 'DWS_Group', 'MVISindices', 'IndexIndustry', 'HSBC', 'StateStreetGA', 'StateStreetETFs', 'Clearstream', 'WillkieFarr', 'J0yOpt7VXG']",2022-04-27,2022-04-29,Unknown
3725,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse has partnered with data licensing company DataBP to implement a new digital data licensing and manag… https://t.co/HyHWlDNAmh,nan,Deutsche Börse has partnered with data licensing company DataBP to implement a new digital data licensing and manag… https://t.co/HyHWlDNAmh,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['data licensing company DataBP', 'new digital data licensing', 'Deutsche Börse', 'manag', 'HyHWlDNAmh', 'data licensing company DataBP', 'new digital data licensing', 'Deutsche Börse', 'manag', 'HyHWlDNAmh']",2022-04-27,2022-04-29,Unknown
3782,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/verkkokauppa-com-decided-first-installment-044500214.html,Verkkokauppa.com decided on the first installment of the quarterly dividend,Verkkokauppa.com Oyj Stock Exchange Release 28 April 2022 at 7:45 am EEST Verkkokauppa.com decided on the first installment of the quarterly dividend The...,Verkkokauppa.com OyjVerkkokauppa.com Oyj Stock Exchange Release 28 April 2022 at 7:45 am EESTVerkkokauppa.com decided on the first installment of the quarterly dividendThe Board of Directors of Verkkokauppa.com Oyj has decided today  on the basis of the authorization granted by the Annual General Meeting 2022  that a dividend of EUR 0.061 per share (EUR 2 748 450.40 in total) be distributed from retained earnings.The dividend will be paid to a shareholder registered in the company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the dividend on 2 May 2022. The dividend will be paid on 9 May 2022.Verkkokauppa.com’s Annual General Meeting  held on 24 March 2022  resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to decide at its discretion on the distribution of dividends. Based on the authorization  the total amount of the quarterly dividend distribution shall not exceed EUR 0.186 per share.Unless the Board of Directors resolves otherwise or the possible changes in the rules and regulations of the Finnish book-entry system require otherwise  the authorization will be used to distribute dividend two more times during the period of validity of the authorization as follows:the second dividend instalment not exceeding EUR 0.062 per share will be paid on 25 July 2022; and the third dividend instalment not exceeding EUR 0.063 per share will be paid on 7 November 2022. The company will separately publish announcements of such Board resolutionsBefore the Board of Directors implements the resolution regarding the distribution of dividend  it must assess  from the viewpoint of Company’s financial position  whether the requirements in the Finnish Companies Act for the distribution of dividend are fulfilled.For more information  please contact:Mikko ForsellCFO  Verkkokauppa.com Oyjmikko.forsell@verkkokauppa.comTel. +358 10 309 5555Marja MäkinenHead of Investor Relations and Corporate CommunicationsVerkkokauppa.com OyjMarja.makinen@verkkokauppa.comTel. +358 40 671 2999Story continuesDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMain mediawww.verkkokauppa.comVerkkokauppa.com empowers its customers to follow their passion by providing a wide product assortment of over 80 000 products. Verkkokauppa.com Oyj serves its retail and corporate customers through its webstore  megastores  24h kiosk and network of collection points as well as fast deliveries and various services. As Finland’s most popular and most visited domestic online retailer  its deliveries cover around 75 percent of the Finnish population within the next day. The Company has four megastores: in Oulu  Pirkkala  Raisio  and Helsinki  where its headquarters is also located. Verkkokauppa.com employs more than 750 people and its shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange with the ticker VERK.,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.05,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Verkkokauppa.com', 'first installment', 'quarterly dividend', 'Oyj Stock Exchange Release', 'Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange', 'Annual General Meeting', 'wide product assortment', 'domestic online retailer', 'Finnish book-entry system', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Marja Mäkinen', 'second dividend instalment', 'third dividend instalment', 'quarterly dividend distribution', 'Finnish population', 'first installment', 'shareholders’ register', 'record date', 'possible changes', 'financial position', 'Investor Relations', 'Corporate Communications', 'Main media', '24h kiosk', 'collection points', 'various services', 'next day', 'Oyj mikko', 'total amount', 'Mikko Forsell', 'corporate customers', 'fast deliveries', 'four megastores', 'Verkkokauppa.com', 'Board resolutions', 'April', 'Directors', 'basis', 'authorization', 'earnings', 'company', '2 May', '9 May', '24 March', 'discretion', 'dividends', 'rules', 'regulations', 'period', 'validity', '25 July', '7 November', 'announcements', 'viewpoint', 'requirements', 'information', 'CFO', 'Tel.', 'Head', 'makinen', 'Story', 'passion', '80,000 products', 'webstore', 'network', '75 percent', 'Oulu', 'Pirkkala', 'Raisio', '750 people', 'shares', 'ticker', 'VERK.', '7:45', '358']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3783,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/correction-notice-annual-general-meeting-060000278.html,Correction: Notice of Annual General Meeting of Hilbert Group AB (publ),STOCKHOLM  SE / ACCESSWIRE / April 28  2022 / Hilbert Group (STO:HILB-B)(FRA:999)Changed to regulatoryThe shareholders in Hilbert Group AB (publ)  corporate ...,"STOCKHOLM  SE / ACCESSWIRE / April 28  2022 / Hilbert Group (STO:HILB-B)(FRA:999)Changed to regulatoryThe shareholders in Hilbert Group AB (publ)  corporate identity number 559105-2948 (""Hilbert Group"" or ""the company"")  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday  May 27  2022.Due to the coronavirus and in order to reduce the risk of infection spreading  the board of the company  in accordance with the law (2022:121) on temporary exemptions to facilitate the implementation of general and association meetings  decided that the AGM shall be conducted according to a so-called postal voting procedure. The Annual General Meeting is thus held without the possibility for shareholders to attend in person or through a proxy. Instead  shareholders can participate in the Annual General Meeting by voting and submitting questions in advance according to the instructions below.Information on the resolutions passed by the Annual General Meeting will be published on Friday  May 27  2022  as soon as the outcome of the postal vote is finally compiled.Right to participateShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting mustbe entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on 18 May 2022  and no later than 26 May 2022  registered their participation by casting their postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Postal voting"" below so that the postal vote is received by the company no later than that day.Nominee-registered sharesTo be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder who has had his shares registered with a nominee must  in addition to registering with the Annual General Meeting by casting his postal vote  have the shares registered in his own name so that the shareholder is entered in the share register on 18 May 2022. Registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration) and is requested from the nominee according to the nominee's routines at such time in advance as the nominee decides. Voting rights registrations made no later than the second banking day after 18 May 2022 are taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Story continuesPostal votingShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting only by voting in advance through so-called postal voting in accordance with section 22 of the Act (2022:121) on temporary exemptions to facilitate the conduct of general and association meetings.Shareholders who wish to vote by post must use the form for postal voting that is available on the company's website  www.hilbertcapital  and at the company at address Birger Jarlsgatan 2 in Stockholm (postal address c/o Advokatfirman Nerpin  Mailbox 545  114 11 Stockholm. The postal voting form is valid as a notification to the Annual General Meeting.The completed and signed form must be received by the company no later than Thursday  May 26  2022. The completed and signed form must be sent by post to Hilbert Group AB  c/o Advokatfirman Nerpin  Mailbox 545  114 11 Stockholm  marked ""Annual General Meeting""  or by e-mail to ir@hilbert.group. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form.The shareholder may not provide the postal vote with special instructions or conditions. If this happens  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form.Shareholders who wish to vote by post by proxy must issue a written and dated power of attorney for the proxy. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent for the legal entity must be attached. Proxy forms are available on the company's website  www.hilbertcapital  and must be attached to the postal voting form.Proposed agendaElection of chairman at the Annual General Meeting. Establishment and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Selection of one or two adjusters. Examination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated accounts and the consolidated auditor's report. Decision on approval of the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet. Decision on dispositions regarding the company's profit according to the approved balance sheet. Decision on discharge of liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the President. Determination of the number of board members. Determination of the number of auditors and deputy auditors. Determination of fees to the Board. Determination of fees to the auditor. Election of board members and chairman of the board. Election of auditor and any deputy auditors. Resolution authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the issue of shares and/or warrants. Resolution on principles for the appointment of a Nomination Committee and instructions for the Nomination Committee Close of the MeetingMotions for resolutionItem 1 - Election of chairman at the Annual General MeetingThe Board of Directors proposes that the Chairman of the Board  Erik Nerpin  or the person appointed by the Board in his absence  be elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 2 - Establishment and approval of the voting listThe voting list that is proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by the company  based on the general meeting share register and received postal votes  and controlled by the adjusters.Item 3 - Approval of the agendaThe agenda that is proposed to be approved is the agenda included in this notice.Item 4 - Election of one or two adjustersThe Board proposes that the managing director Niclas Sandström  or the person appointed by the Board in his absence  is elected as adjuster. The adjuster's tasks also include checking the voting list and that incoming mail votes are correctly reproduced in the minutes of the meeting.Item 5 - Examination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convenedPursuant to Hilbert Group's articles of association and the Swedish Companies Act the present notice of the AGM has been announced in the Swedish Gazette (Swedish Post och Inrikes Tidningar) and on Hilbert Group's webb site www.hilbert.group at least four weeks before the AGM. In addition  it has been announced in Svenska Dagbladet that notice has been convened. Based on this information it is proposed that the Annual General Meeting approves that the Meeting has been duly convened.Item 6 - Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated accounts and the consolidated auditor's reportHilbert Group's Annual report  including the Auditor's Report  will be made available on Hilbert Group's webb site www.hilbert.group at least three weeks before the AGM and is also made available in Hilbert Group's office with address Birger Jarlsgatan 2 in Stockholm. The Meeting is proposed to approve that the Annual Report has been presented to the Meeting in an appropriate manner.Item 7 - Decision on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheetIt is proposed that the Meeting resolves to adopt the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet. Hilbert Group's auditor will approve this resolution in his Auditor's Report in the Hilbert Group's Annual report.Item 8 - Resolution on dispositions regarding the company's profit according to the approved balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that no profit dividend be paid and that disposable profits be capitalized in a new account.Item 9 - Decision on discharge of liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing DirectorHilbert Group's auditor will  in his Auditor's Report  approve that the members of the Board and the managing director are discharged from liability. It is proposed that discharge from liability is granted.Item 10 - Determination of the number of board membersHilbert Group has not yet implemented a nomination committee. A group of shareholders who together represents approximately 62 per cent of the voting rights in Hilbert Group (the ""Principal Shareholders"") has submitted the proposals outlined under items 10-15 below.The Principal Shareholders propose that the number of Board members be three.Item 11 - Determination of the number of auditors and deputy auditorsThe Principal Shareholders propose that a registered auditing company without a deputy be appointed as auditor.Item 12 - Determination of fees to the BoardThe Principal Shareholders propose that the yearly fee to the Chairman of the Board shall be SEK 150 000 and that the yearly fee to other Board members elected by the Annual General Meeting who are not employees of the company shall be SEK 110 000 each.Item 13 - Determination of fees to the auditorThe Principal Shareholders propose that fees to the auditor be paid in accordance with an approved invoice.Item 14 - Election of board members and chairman of the boardThe Principal Shareholders propose re-election of the Board members Erik Nerpin  Frode Foss-Skiftesvik and David Butler for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. Furthermore  it is proposed that Erik Nerpin be re-elected Chairman of the Board.Item 15 - Election of auditor and any deputy auditorsThe Principal Shareholders propose re-election of the registered auditing company PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as auditor for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. The principal auditor will be the authorized public accountant Johan Engstam.Item 16 - Resolution authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the issue of shares and/or warrantsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to  on one or more occasions  during the period up to the next Annual General Meeting  decide on the issue of shares and/or warrants with or without preferential rights for shareholders. The Board of Directors may decide that such issues be made with a provision on non-cash  set-off or cash payment.The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for any deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is that issues should be able to take place to increase the company's financial flexibility and enable the company to finance any company acquisitions fully or partially by issuing financial instruments  alternatively to raise capital for expansion of the Company's business.If a resolution based on the authorization includes a deviation from the shareholders' preferential right and with payment in cash or by set off  the number of shares and/or warrants issued may not exceed 20 per cent of the number of issued and outstanding shares in the company at the time of the AGM.The Board  or the person appointed by the Board  shall have the right to make the minor adjustments to the AGM's resolutions that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 17 - Resolution on principles for the appointment of a Nomination Committee and instructions for the Nomination CommitteeIt is proposed that the Annual General Meeting resolves on principles for the appointment of a Nomination Committee and instructions for the Nomination Committee as described below.The company shall have a nomination committee consisting of a representative for each of the three largest shareholders in the company as of the last banking day in September the year before the AGM. In addition  the Chairman of the Board shall be a member of the Nomination Committee.The chairman of the Nomination Committee shall  unless the members agree otherwise  be the member who represents the largest shareholder in terms of the number of votes. The Chairman of the Board or another Board member shall not be the Chairman of the Nomination Committee unless the members agree otherwise. Board members may be members of the Nomination Committee but shall not constitute a majority of its members. The CEO or another person from the company management shall not be a member of the Nomination Committee.The names of the members of the Nomination Committee and the shareholders they have been appointed by shall be published no later than six months before the next Annual General Meeting. The Nomination Committee is appointed for a term of office until a new Nomination Committee is appointed.The Nomination Committee shall carry out its assignment in accordance with these instructions and applicable rules and prepare proposals in the following matters to be submitted to the Annual General Meeting for decision:chairman of the meeting number of board members and auditors election of board members and chairman of the board fees and other remuneration for board assignments to each of the board members and  where applicable  remuneration for committee work election of auditor remuneration of auditors  andto the extent deemed necessary  changes in the principles for the appointment of the Nomination Committee and the instructions for the Nomination Committee.Other informationNumber of shares and votesAt the time of issuing this notice  the total number of shares in the company is 48 800 000 divided into 8 500 000 A-shares (carrying ten votes) and 40 300 000 B-shares (carrying one vote). The total number of votes is 125 300 000. The company does not hold any own shares.Majority requirementsA resolution pursuant to item 16 on the proposed agenda requires for its validity that it is supported by shareholders with at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting. Other resolutions are valid with simple majority.Shareholders' right to receive informationIn accordance with Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act  the board and the managing director  if any shareholder so requests and the board considers that it can be done without significant damage to the company  must provide information on circumstances that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the company's assessment or subsidiary's financial situation and the company's relationship with another group company.Due to the fact that the Annual General Meeting will be held without a physical meeting  a request for information must be submitted in writing by post to the address Hilbert Group AB  c/o Advokatfirman Nerpin  Mailbox 545  114 11 Stockholm or by e-mail to ir@hilbert.group no later than 23 May 2022. Such information will be made available at the company at the address Birger Jarlsgatan 2 in Stockholm and on the company's website  www.hilbertcapital  no later than 25 May 2022. The information is also sent within the same time to the shareholders who so request and state their postal or e-mail address.Available documentsThe Annual Report for 2021 will be kept available at the company for at least three weeks before the Annual General Meeting. The Annual Report will also be available on the company's website  www.hilbertcapital.Copies of the above documents are also sent to the shareholders who request it and state their postal address.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Integritetspolicy-bolagsstammor-svenska.pdf.HILBERT GROUP AB (publ)Stockholm in April 2022Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Erik NerpinChairman of the board - Hilbert Group AB+46 (0)8 122 123 50erik.nerpin@advokatnerpin.comAbout UsHilbert Group AB is an investment firm with sole focus on digital assets  primarily cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies. The business model is diversified into four verticals - asset management  proprietary trading  equity investments and data & analytics.Hilbert Group's vision is to be a world class digital asset investment firm with the ambition to provide first class services to its clients and shareholders  to help accelerate the technological revolution that is digital assets  and to expand people's knowledge of this emerging asset class.Hilbert Group is listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market (ticker HILB B) with Eminova Fondkommission (phone +46 8 684 211 10 | adviser@eminova.se) as Certified Adviser.AttachmentsNotice of Annual General Meeting of Hilbert Group AB (publ)SOURCE: Hilbert GroupView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/699249/Correction-Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Hilbert-Group-AB-publ",neutral,0.02,0.78,0.2,mixed,0.16,0.23,0.61,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Hilbert Group AB', 'Correction', 'Notice', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'other authorization document', 'Voting rights registrations', 'second banking day', 'Hilbert Group AB', 'postal voting procedure', 'corporate identity number', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'postal voting form', 'hilbert.group', 'voting list', 'annual report', 'consolidated accounts', 'postal vote', 'infection spreading', 'temporary exemptions', 'association meetings', 'share register', 'Birger Jarlsgatan', 'Advokatfirman Nerpin', 'legal entity', 'registration certificate', 'two adjusters', 'Nomination Committee', 'postal address', 'deputy auditors', 'dated power', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'Proxy forms', 'board members', 'STOCKHOLM', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'HILB-B', 'FRA', 'regulatory', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'company', 'Friday', 'May', 'coronavirus', 'order', 'risk', 'accordance', 'law', 'implementation', 'AGM', 'possibility', 'person', 'questions', 'advance', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'outcome', 'participation', 'heading', 'addition', 'name', 'routines', 'time', 'presentation', 'Story', 'section', 'Act', 'conduct', 'website', 'hilbertcapital', 'Mailbox', 'notification', 'Thursday', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'written', 'attorney', 'copy', 'agenda', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Establishment', 'approval', 'one', 'Examination', 'Decision', 'dispositions', 'profit', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Directors', 'President', 'Determination', 'fees', 'issue', 'warrants', 'principles', 'appointment']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3784,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-index-pharmaceuticals-holding-ab-publ-301535347.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in InDex Pharmaceuticals Holding AB (publ),"STOCKHOLM  April 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Shareholders in InDex Pharmaceuticals Holding AB  reg. nr 559067-6820 (the ""Company"")  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting on Wednesday 1 June  2022 at 17.00 (CET) through advance voting. Attendance at t…","STOCKHOLM  April 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Shareholders in InDex Pharmaceuticals Holding AB  reg. nr 559067-6820 (the ""Company"")  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting on Wednesday 1 June  2022 at 17.00 (CET) through advance voting. Attendance at the meeting is only possible via postal ballot.Advance votingThe shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the general meeting by voting in advance  so called postal voting in accordance with section 22 of the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. Be advised that this is the only possible way to attend and vote at the general meeting held on 1 June 2022.A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on the Company's website  www.indexpharma.com. A shareholder who is exercising its voting right through advance voting do not need to notify the Company of its attendance to the general meeting. The advance voting form is considered as the notification of attendance to the general meeting. The completed voting form must be submitted to the Company no later than on 31 May 2022. The completed and signed form shall be sent to the address InDex Pharmaceuticals Holding AB  Berzelius väg 13  171 65 Solna  Sweden. A completed form may also be submitted electronically and is to be sent to: [email protected]. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form. The same applies for shareholders voting in advance by proxy. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote is invalid.To be able to vote in advance shareholders must be entered in the shareholders' register  kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Central Securities Depository & Clearing Organisation)  on the record day which is 23 May 2022. Shareholders who have their shares registered in the name of a nominee must request temporary entry in the transcription of the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden AB in order to be entitled to participate and vote for their shares at the meeting. The shareholder must inform the nominee well in advance of 25 May 2022  at which time the register entry must have been made. Personal data collected from the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden AB will be used for registration  preparation of register of voters for the meeting and  where applicable  minutes of the meeting.The advance voting form (postal ballot) gives shareholders the opportunity to vote for an agenda item to be raised at a future shareholders' meeting instead. In order for a resolution (item on the proposed agenda) to be postponed to a future shareholders' meeting  it is required that owners of at least one tenth of all shares in the Company request it. In such cases  the Board of Directors shall determine the date of the future shareholders' meeting  at which shareholders shall be allowed to participate in person and by proxy.Further instructions and conditions is included in the form for advance voting.Proposed AgendaOpening of the meeting and election of chairman of the meeting; Preparation and approval of the voting list; Approval of the agenda; Election of at least one person who shall approve the minutes of the meeting; Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened; Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as of the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report for the group; Resolution in respect of:a. adoption of the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet as well as of the consolidated profit and loss statement and the consolidated profit and loss statement and balance sheet for the group;b. the company's profits or losses according to the adopted balance sheet;c. the members of the board of directors' and the CEO's discharge from liability; Determination of the number of members of the board of directors  and if applicable deputy members of the board of directors  as well as of the number of auditors  and if applicable deputy auditors; Determination of the fees payable to the members of the board of directors and the auditor; Election of members of the board of directors and auditor; Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to increase the share capital; Resolution on implementation of a long term incentive program in the form of employee stock options for senior executives and other key persons in the group including (i) a directed issue of warrants and (ii) approval of transfer (Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025); Resolution on implementation of a long-term incentive programme for board members by way of (i) a directed issue of warrants and (ii) approval of transfer of warrants (Warrant programme 2022/2027); Closing of the meeting.Proposed resolutions presented by the nomination committeeItem 1: Election of chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that attorney at law Marcus Nivinger is elected chairman of the meeting  or if he is unable to attend the meeting  any other person proposed by the board of directors.Item 8: Determination of the number of members of the board of directors  as well as of the number of auditorsThe board of directors currently consists of the following four ordinary members without deputy members: Wenche Rolfsen (chairman)  Marlene Forsell  Uli Hacksell and Lennart Hansson. The nomination committee proposes that  until the end of the next annual general meeting  the board of directors shall consist of six ordinary members without deputies. Furthermore  it is proposed that a registered accounting firm shall be elected as auditor.Item 9: Determination of the fees payable to the members of the board of directors and the auditorThe nomination committee proposes that the fees to the board of directors  until the end of the next annual general meeting  shall amount to SEK 500 000 to the chairman of the board of directors and SEK 235 000 to each ordinary member of the board of directors not employed by the Company. The nomination committee proposes that the fees to the Company's auditor be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Item 10: Election of members of the board of directors and auditorThe nomination committee proposes re-election of Wenche Rolfsen  Marlene Forsell  Uli Hacksell and Lennart Hansson and the election of Karin Bernadotte af Wisborg and Anna-Kaija Grönblad as ordinary board members until the end of the next annual general meeting. Furthermore  it is proposed that Wenche Rolfsen is re-elected as chairman of the board of directors.Karin Bernadotte af Wisborg  born in 1963  holds a degree of Master of Science in Pharmacy. She was managing director during 2015-2017 for the Balkan region at MSD Europe and she has had a number of leading positions within the same organization i.e. head of Public Affairs Europe & Canada. She was first employed by MSD Sweden in 1988. She has been a board member at ContexVision  LIF in Sweden  and AmCham Sweden.Anna-Kaija Grönblad  born in 1968  holds a degree of Bachelor of Science in Business and Economics from Uppsala university. She was the Managing Director for Sanofi Sweden in 2012-2020 and held during the same period and in 1998-2011 different leading commercial roles in the Nordics/Baltics. During 2011-2012 she was the Managing Director for Bariatric Center & GHP Kirurgkliniken at Sophiahemmet. She has been a board member at the trade association LIF in Sweden and Bariatric Center in Lund. She is currently Chief Commercial Officer at BioArctic AB.The auditing company PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (PwC) is proposed to be re-elected as auditor. Should PwC be re-elected  the certified auditor Magnus Lagerberg will remain as the auditor in charge.Resolution proposed by the Board of DirectorsItem 2: Preparation and approval of the voting listThe board of directors proposes that the chairman of the meeting together with the verifier of the minutes shall complete the voting list based on received postal votes and the excerpt from the shareholders register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB.Item 4: Election of at least one person to verify the minutesThe board of directors' proposes that Karl Tobieson  Linc AB  is to be appointed as person verifying the minutes together with the chairman of the general meeting  or in the event he is prevented from doing so  the person the board of directors appoints instead. The person appointed to verify the minutes shall  apart from approving the minutes of the general meeting together with the chairman of the general meeting  check the voting list and that the result of received votes are correctly reflected in the minutes of the general meeting.Item 7b): Resolution in respect of allocation of the company's profits or lossesThe board of directors proposes that the Company's accumulated profits shall be carried forward in new account and that no dividend shall be paid for the financial year 2021.Item 11: Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to increase the share capitalThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves on an authorization for the board of directors to – for the period up to the next annual general meeting and at one or more occasions – resolve upon issuance of new shares  warrants and/or convertible debentures. Payment may be made in cash  in kind  through set-off of claims or otherwise be conditional. The Company's share capital may by support of the authorization be increased by an amount corresponding to 10 per cent of the share capital and number of shares in the Company as of on the date the board of directors make use of the authorization. Deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights shall be allowed in situations where a directed issue is deemed more appropriate for the Company due to timing  commercial or similar reasons  and in order to enable acquisitions. The chairman of the board of directors  the CEO  or anyone authorized by the board of directors  shall have the right to make any minor adjustments required in order to register this resolution. For a valid decision on the proposal on an authorization for the board of directors  as outlined above  requires that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds (2/3) of the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Item 12: Resolution on implementation of a long term incentive program in the form of employee stock options for senior executives and other key persons in the group including (i) a directed issue of warrants and (ii) approval of transfer (Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025);The board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves on implementation of a long-term incentive program (the ""Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025"") for senior executives and other key persons of the group (the ""Participants"") by way of granting employee stock options giving right to acquire new shares in the Company. Board members are not allowed to participate. The proposal also includes decision on a directed issue of warrants in order to enable delivery of shares under the program (if and to the extent the Company would like to effect delivery of shares by use of such warrants) and to cover potential cash flow effects from social security costs arising from employee stock option program  and approval of transfer of such warrants and/or shares on the terms and conditions set forth below.This proposal has been presented as the board of directors considers it important and in the interests of all shareholders to create involvement for senior executives and other key persons  including employees as well as consultants  in terms of the Company's and the group's development and ensure that these individuals share the goal of generating value-adding growth. It is also important to motivate continued employment and assignments. The board therefore proposes that the annual general meeting resolve as follows below.Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025The board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves on implementation of the Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025 in accordance with the guidelines set forth below:1. The program shall consist of no more than 8 000 000 employee stock options to be allotted to the Participants free of charge.2. Each employee stock option confers the holder a right to acquire one (1) new share in the Company against cash consideration at an exercise price of SEK 4  corresponding to 288 % of the volume weighted average price of the latest 10 trading days (i.e. 13 April  2022 to 26 April  2022). The exercise price and the number of new shares that each employee stock option confers right to may be subject to recalculation by the corresponding application of the provisions in the complete terms and conditions for the warrants (see below).3. Notice of participation in the program shall have been received by the Company no later than 30 June 2022 with a right for the board of directors of the Company to prolong the time period. Allotment of employee stock options to Participants shall be made promptly after the expiration of the notification period.4. The employee stock options shall be offered the Participants in accordance with instructions from the board of directors of the Company and the following principles. The Participants right to employee stock options shall be differentiated with regard to position  responsibilities and performance in the group. Only those persons who are included in the categories below shall be offered employee stock options. The board of directors shall decide which persons that shall be deemed to be included in each category and which persons that shall receive employee stock options. In the event of re-calculation  the Participants in each category shall have the right to acquire the same number of employee stock options. Allotment of employee stock options to Participants outside Sweden shall - where applicable - be dependent on the tax effects  that there are no legal obstacles and that the board considers that such allotment can be made with reasonable administrative and financial resources.Category A – CEO: The CEO may be allotted a maximum of 1 930 700 employee stock options.Category B –Senior executives (approximately 4 individuals): participants in this category may be allotted a maximum of 3 089 200 employee stock options collectively and each participant in the category may be allotted a maximum of 772 300 employee stock options individually.Category C – Other key persons (approximately 12 individuals): participants in this category may be allotted a maximum of 2 980 100 employee stock options collectively and each participant may be allotted a maximum of 338 000 employee stock options individually.5. The employee stock options do not constitute securities and may not be transferred or pledged and may only be exercised for acquisition of new shares in the Company by the person to whom they have been granted.6. Alloted employee stock options shall be vested in three equal parts as of the date of each annual general meeting in the Company from 2023 to 2025 (i.e. approximately 33 per cent of the total number of employee stock options will be vested each year) and conditional on continued employment/assignments in the group  with reservation for the terms in the separate option agreements that shall be entered into between each Participant and the Company/Subsidiary.7. The holder may exercise allotted and vested employee stock options during the period from and including 1 July 2025 until and including 31 December 2025. The employee stock options may not be exercised for subscription of new shares during the so called ""closed periods"" according to the EUs Market Abuse Regulation  or otherwise in violation with applicable rules regarding insider information (including the Company's own guidelines in this regard).8. The employee stock options shall be governed by the more detailed terms and conditions set forth in ""Terms and Conditions for Employee Stock Options 2022/2025 in InDex Pharmaceuticals Holding AB (publ)""  in accordance with the board of directors' complete proposal  and separate agreements with each Participant. The board of directors shall be responsible for the preparation and management of Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025 within the abovementioned substantial terms.Terms and conditions for the issue of warrantsTo enable the Company's delivery of shares under Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025 and to cover any cash flow effects from potential social security costs arising from Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025  the board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting of shareholders resolves on a directed issue of no more than 10 513 600 warrants  out of which 2 513 600 warrants are proposed to be issued to cover potential cash flow effects from social security costs arising from Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025  according to the following terms.The Company shall issue no more than 10 513 600 warrants of series 2022/2025. Each warrant entitles to subscription of one (1) new share in the Company  each with a quotient value of SEK 0.02 . If all warrants are exercised for subscription of new shares  the Company's share capital will increase by SEK 210 272 (subject to potential recalculations in accordance with customary terms and conditions to be applicable in relation to the warrants). The warrants may  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  only be subscribed for by the Company or its subsidiary InDex Pharmaceuticals AB  org. no. 556704-5140 (the ""Subsidiary""). The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to enable delivery of shares under Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025  and to cover cash flow effects from potential social security costs arising from Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025. The Company's/Subsidiary's subscription of the warrants shall be made on a special subscription list within five (5) calendar days from the date of the general meeting that resolves on the issue. The board of directors shall have the right to extend the subscription period. The warrants are issued without consideration (i.e. free of charge) to the Company/Subsidiary. The warrants may be exercised for subscription of new shares during the period from and including the registration of the warrants with the Swedish Companies Registration Office until and including 31 March 2026 . Each warrant entitles to subscription for one (1) new share in the Company at a subscription price of SEK 4 per share (the ""Exercise Price""). Any amount that exceeds the quotient value shall be transferred to the nonrestricted share premium account. Shares issued following subscription shall entitle to participation in the distribution of dividends for the first time on the record date for dividends that occurs immediately following definite registration of the new shares with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and in the Company's share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. The warrants shall also be subject to the terms and conditions  inter alia containing customary recalculation conditions  set forth in the board of directors' complete proposal. The chairman of the board of directors  the CEO or a person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorised to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.The board of directors further proposes that the general meeting of shareholders resolves to approve that the Company may transfer no more than 8 000 000 warrants in the Company to participants in Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025  or otherwise dispose of the warrants to secure the Company's commitments in connection with Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025 in connection with the Participants being entitled to exercise their employee stock options to acquire shares  and that the Company may dispose of no more than 2 513 600 warrants to cover potential cash flow effects from social security costs in accordance with the terms of Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025.Reasons for the employee stock option program and the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rightsThe reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to create involvement for the Participants in terms of the Company's and the group's development and to ensure that these individuals share the goal of generating value-adding growth  and to motivate continued employment and assignments. The board of directors assess that these objectives are in line with all shareholders' interests. The warrants are proposed to be issued to the Company in order to enable delivery of new shares to the Participants in the program and to cover cash flow effects from potential social security costs arising from Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025.Existing share related incentive programsLong term incentive program 2020/2023 (LTIP 2020)At the annual general meeting held on 20 April 2020 it was resolved on a directed issue of 3 965 000 warrants within the framework of an incentive program to senior executives and other key persons. At the time of this proposal there are currently 851 721 outstanding warrants within the framework of the incentive program (after the cancellation of 3 006 612 warrants registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on 22 March 2021 and the cancellation of 106 667 warrants which is planned to take place before the annual general meeting 2022). Each warrant entitled to subscribe for one new share in the Company at a subscription price of SEK 20.00. The warrants may be exercised from and including 1 May 2023 until and including 31 October 2023. As a result of the rights issue completed during February 2021  the subscription price and the number of shares each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for has been recalculated in accordance with applicable terms and conditions. The recalculated subscription price amounts to SEK 7.804 and each warrant entitles to subscribe to subscribe for 2.5627 shares.Long term incentive program 2021/2024 (LTIP 2021)At the annual general meeting held on 3 June 2021 it was resolved on a directed issue of 7 200 000 warrants within the framework of an incentive program for senior executives and other key persons. At the same time  an additional 2 262 240 warrants were resolved to cover cash flow effects from potential social security costs. At the time of this proposal there are 7 203 130 outstanding warrants within the framework of the incentive program (after the cancellation of 2 259 110 warrants which is planned to take place before the annual general meeting 2022). Each warrant entitles to subscribe for one new share in the Company at an subscription price of SEK 4.00. The warrants may be exercised from and including 1 July 2024 until and including 31 December 2024.Costs  dilution  etc.The program will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 – Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the employee stock options should be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the Company's cash flow. Social security costs will in accordance with UFR 7 be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period. Assuming a share price at the time of allotment of SEK 1.50  and that all employee stock options are vested and exercised up-front  the annual cost for the program is in accordance with IFRS 2 estimated to approximately SEK 350 000 per year before tax. Since the social security costs associated with the program are covered by hedging measures through the issue of warrants which will be exercised by a financial intermediary in connection with the exercise of the employee stock options  the social security costs associated with the program will be fully covered. The hedging measures will instead result in an additional dilution of present shareholders (which is included in the dilution calculations presented below). The costs associated with the establishment of the program are further estimated to a total of SEK 100 000. Further  minor brokerage costs will arise in connection with the exercise of hedging warrants by a financial intermediary. The costs associated with the program are expected to have only a marginal effect on the Company's key ratios.Upon full exercise of all 10 513 600 issued warrants issued in connection with Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025  a total of 10 513 600 new shares will be issued in the Company (subject to potential recalculations in accordance with applicable terms and conditions). This corresponds to approximately 1.97 % of the total share capital and number of shares/votes in the Company and would lead to a dilution corresponding to approximately 1.94 % of the total share capital and number of shares/votes (based on the share capital and number of shares/votes in the Company registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office as of the day of this proposal and calculated as the maximum amount of share capital and number of shares/votes that may be issued  divided by the total share capital and the total number of shares/votes in the Company after all warrants have been exercised). The dilution calculation does not take into account potential new shares as a result of existing incentive programmes or the incentive programme for board members proposed to be adopted at the annual general meeting meaning that the potential dilution may be lower than the aforementioned.The above calculations regarding dilution and impact on key ratios are subject to recalculations in accordance with the customary recalculation terms set out for the programs.Preparation of the proposalThis proposal has been prepared by the board of directors together with external advisors and after consultations with certain major shareholders. The final proposal has been presented by the board of directors.Majority requirementsThe proposed implementation of Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025 including a directed issue of warrants  and the approval of the transfer of warrants and/or shares  is governed by the provisions in Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. Aktiebolagslagen (2005:551))  and a valid resolution therefore requires that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing at least nine-tenths (9/10) of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the meeting.MiscellaneousThe board of directors  or a person appointed by the board of directors shall have the right to make the minor adjustments required to register the resolution  and the board of directors shall have the right to make the minor adjustments required in the incentive program in order to conform with applicable foreign laws and regulations.Resolution proposed by the shareholdersItem 13. Resolution on implementation of a long-term incentive programme for board members by way of (i) a directed issue of warrants and (ii) approval of transfer of warrants (Warrant programme 2022/2027)Linc AB proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on implementation of a long-term incentive programme (Warrant programme 2022/2027) for board members by way of (A) directed issue of no more than 2 800 000 warrants to the Company and/or its subsidiary InDex Pharmaceuticals AB  org. no. 556704-5140 (the ""Subsidiary"")  as set forth in item A below  and (B) approval of transfer of the issued warrants from the Company/Subsidiary to the board members in the Company as set forth in item B below.Main terms of the incentive programmeThe incentive programme shall encompass the board members that are elected or re-elected at the annual general meeting (the ""Participants""). Participation in the incentive programme requires the election or re-election of the board members concerned at the annual general meeting 2022.The incentive programme entails that Participants  who have entered into an agreement with the Company/Subsidiary (the ""Warrant Agreement"")  are offered to acquire warrants at market value  calculated as set forth below. Warrants may be transferred to the Participants free-of-charge provided that it does not entail negative tax consequences for the group (only applicable with respect to Participants in other jurisdictions than Sweden).The Warrant Agreement will include a so called vesting structure with a vesting period of at least three years  a re-purchase right for the Company/Subsidiary applicable under certain circumstances  certain transfer restrictions and other terms and conditions customary for such agreements with some potential differences due to requirements under local law.Each warrant shall entitle the warrant holder to subscribe for one (1) new share in the Company against cash consideration at an exercise price of SEK 4.50. Any amount that exceeds the quotient value shall be transferred to the nonrestricted share premium account.The warrants may be exercised for subscription of new shares during the periods from and including 15 June 2025 until and including 15 July 2025  from and including 15 June 2026 until and including 15 July 2026 and from and including 15 June 2027 until and including 15 July 2027. Subscription of new shares may however not take place during so-called closed periods according to the EU Market Abuse Regulation  or otherwise in breach of relevant insider rules and regulations (including the Company's internal guidelines in this respect). Warrants that have not been exercised for subscription of new shares by 15 July 2027 shall lapse.The rationale for the incentive programme and reasons for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rightsThe rationale for the incentive programme is to create involvement for the Participants in terms of the Company's and the group's development and to ensure that these individuals share the goal of generating value-adding growth  and to motivate continued assignments.The warrants are proposed to be issued to the Company and/or to the Subsidiary in order to enable delivery of new shares to the Participants in the program.Existing share related incentive programmesLong term incentive program 2020/2023 (LTIP 2020)At the annual general meeting held on 20 April 2020 it was resolved on a directed issue of 3 965 000 warrants within the framework of an incentive program to senior executives and other key persons. At the time of this proposal there are currently 851 721 outstanding warrants within the framework of the incentive program (after the cancellation of 3 006 612 warrants registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on 22 March 2021 and the cancellation of 106 667 warrants which is planned to take place before the annual general meeting 2022). Each warrant entitled to subscribe for one new share in the Company at a subscription price of SEK 20.00. The warrants may be exercised from and including 1 May 2023 until and including 31 October 2023. As a result of the rights issue completed during February 2021  the subscription price and the number of shares each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for has been recalculated in accordance with applicable terms and conditions. The recalculated subscription price amounts to SEK 7.804 and each warrant entitles to subscribe to subscribe for 2.5627 shares.Long term incentive program 2021/2024 (LTIP 2021)At the annual general meeting held on 3 June 2021 it was resolved on a directed issue of 7 200 000 warrants within the framework of an incentive program for senior executives and other key persons. At the same time  an additional 2 262 240 warrants were resolved to cover cash flow effects from potential social security costs. At the time of this proposal there are 7 203 130 outstanding warrants within the framework of the incentive program (after the cancellation of 2 259 110 warrants which is planned to take place before the annual general meeting 2022). Each warrant entitles to subscribe for one new share in the Company at an subscription price of SEK 4.00. The warrants may be exercised from and including 1 July 2024 until and including 31 December 2024.Costs  dilution  etc.There are costs associated with the incentive programme in respect of valuation  consultancy services and costs for registration and practical management of the programme. There should not be any security costs or similar payable by the group.Upon full subscription  transfer and exercise of all 2 800 000 issued warrants  a total of 2 800 000 new shares will be issued in the Company (subject to potential recalculations in accordance with customary terms and conditions applicable for the warrants). This corresponds to approximately 0.53 % of the total share capital and number of shares/votes in the Company and would lead to a dilution corresponding to approximately 0.52 % of the total share capital and number of shares/votes (based on the share capital and number of shares/votes in the Company registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office as of the day of this proposal and calculated as the maximum amount of share capital and number of shares/votes that may be issued  divided by the total share capital and the total number of shares/votes in the Company after all warrants have been exercised). The dilution calculation does not take into account potential new shares as a result of existing incentive programmes or the incentive programme for employees and consultants proposed to be adopted at the annual general meeting meaning that the potential dilution may be lower than the aforementioned. The costs associated with the program are expected to have only a marginal effect on the Company's key ratios.The above calculations regarding dilution and impact on key ratios are subject to recalculations in accordance with the customary recalculation terms set out for the programme.Preparation of the proposalThis proposal has been prepared by Linc AB together with external consultants. The final proposal has been presented by the abovementioned party.Majority requirementsThe proposed incentive programme is subject to the provisions in Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. Aktiebolagslagen (2005:551))  and a valid resolution therefore requires that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing at least nine-tenths (9/10) of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the annual general meeting.A. Directed issue of warrantsThe Company shall issue no more than 2 800 000 warrants of series 2022/2027. Each warrant entitles to subscription of one (1) new share in the Company  each with a quotient value of SEK 0.02 . If all warrants are subscribed  transferred to and exercised by the Participants for subscription of new shares  the Company's share capital will increase by SEK 56 000 (subject to potential recalculations in accordance with customary terms and conditions to be applicable in relation to the warrants). The warrants may  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  only be subscribed for by the Company/Subsidiary after which they are to be transferred to the Participants in accordance with the resolution adopted by the general meeting. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is that the warrants are to be used within the proposed incentive programme. The Company's/Subsidiary's subscription of the warrants shall be made on a special subscription list within five (5) calendar days from the date of the general meeting that resolves on the issue. The board of directors shall have the right to extend the subscription period. The Company/Subsidiary is not to pay any subscription price for the warrants. The warrants may be exercised for subscription of new shares during the periods from and including 15 June 2025 until and including 15 July 2025   from and including 15 June 2026 until and including 15 July 2026 and from and including 15 June 2027 until and including 15 July 2027 . The subscription price per new share is determined to be SEK 4.50 . Any amount that exceeds the quotient value shall be transferred to the nonrestricted share premium account. Shares issued following subscription shall entitle to participation in the distribution of dividends for the first time on the record date for dividends that occurs immediately following definite registration of the new shares with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and in the Company's share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. The warrants shall also be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the schedule to the complete proposal. The chairman of the board of directors  the CEO or a person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorised to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.B. Approval of transfer of warrant to the ParticipantsA resolution to issue warrants in accordance with this proposal also includes an approval of the transfer of warrants to the Participants.The warrants are to be transferred to the Participants against a premium payable by the Participants corresponding to the theoretical market value of the warrants as of the date of transfer  calculated by an independent valuation agent engaged by the Company by use of the Black & Scholes valuation model. Warrants may be transferred to the Participants free-of-charge provided that it does not entail negative tax consequences for the group (only applicable with respect to Participants in other jurisdictions than Sweden). The market value is preliminary estimated to SEK 0.12 per warrant  based on a market value of the underlying share corresponding to SEK 1.50 and a subscription price of SEK 4.50 per new share.The Participants may be allocated warrants as set forth below. No Participant may be offered a higher number of warrants than the maximum allocation set forth below.Category Maximum number of warrants per Participant Maximum number of warrants within the respective category Chairman of the board of directors 800 000 800 000 Other board members (5 persons) 400 000 2 000 000A Participant can choose to acquire a lower but not a higher number of warrants than offered to the Participant.For Participants in other jurisdictions than Sweden  it is implied that transfer of warrants is legally possible and that transfer  in the Company's opinion  can be carried out with reasonable administrative and financial efforts. The Company shall have the right to adjust the terms of the Warrant Programme 2022/2027 to the extent required in order for allotment of warrants to participants in other jurisdictions  to the extent practically possible  to be made under the same conditions imposed by the Warrant Programme 2022/2027.Number of shares and votes in the CompanyThe total number of shares in the Company at the time of issuance of this notice is 532 687 650. The Company does not hold any of its own shares.Shareholders' right to request informationThe board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors believe that it can be done without material damage to the Company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda or of the Company's economic situation. Such duty to provide information also comprises the Company's relation to the other group companies  the consolidated financial statements and such circumstances regarding subsidiaries which are set out in the foregoing sentence. A request for such information shall be made in writing no later than on 22 May 2022. The information will be made available at the Company's office from 27 May 2022  at the latest. The information will  from the same date  also be available on the Company's website www.indexpharma.com. The information will also be sent  within the same period of time  to the shareholder who has requested it and stated its address.DocumentationThe financial accounts  auditor's report  complete proposals and other documents to be dealt with at the general meeting will be kept available at the Company's office not later than three weeks before the meeting. The documents will be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their postal address. The documents will also be made available not later than the aforementioned date on the Company's website www.indexpharma.com. All the above mentioned documents will also be presented at the general meeting.Stockholm  April 2022The Board of DirectorsOffical version of notice to attend the Annual General MeetingThe official version of the notice to attend the Annual General Meeting is in the Swedish language and available for download at www.indexpharma.comFor more information:Johan Giléus  Interim CEOPhone: +46 8 122 038 50E-mail: [email protected]PublicationThe information was submitted for publication through the agency of the contact person set out above at 14:00 CET on 28 April  2022.InDex Pharmaceuticals in briefInDex is a pharmaceutical development company focusing on immunological diseases where there is a high unmet medical need for new treatment options. The company's foremost asset is the drug candidate cobitolimod  which is being evaluated in the phase III study CONCLUDE for the treatment of moderate to severe ulcerative colitis – a debilitating  chronic inflammation of the large intestine. InDex has also developed a platform of patent protected discovery stage substances  so called DNA based ImmunoModulatory Sequences (DIMS)  with the potential to be used in treatment of various immunological diseases.InDex is based in Stockholm  Sweden. The company's shares (ticker INDEX) are traded on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Stockholm. Redeye AB with e-mail [email protected] and phone number +46 8 121 576 90 is the company's Certified Adviser. For more information  please visit www.indexpharma.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/index-pharmaceuticals/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-index-pharmaceuticals-holding-ab--publ- c3555924The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/9612/3555924/1571130.pdf Notice to attend AGM in InDex Pharma 2022SOURCE Index Pharmaceuticals",neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,negative,0.01,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['InDex Pharmaceuticals Holding AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Swedish Central Securities Depository', 'long term incentive program', 'InDex Pharmaceuticals Holding AB', 'Employee Stock Option Program', 'employee stock options', 'Berzelius väg', 'long-term incentive programme', 'law Marcus Nivinger', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'other key persons', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Annual General Meeting', ""future shareholders' meeting"", 'applicable deputy members', 'advance voting form', 'other associations', 'Warrant programme', 'voting rights', 'general meetings', 'voting list', 'postal ballot', 'temporary exceptions', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'special instructions', 'Clearing Organisation', 'record day', 'temporary entry', 'Personal data', 'one tenth', 'Further instructions', 'loss statement', 'balance sheet', 'consolidated profit', 'deputy auditors', 'share capital', 'senior executives', 'nomination committee', 'annual report', 'special form', 'completed form', 'possible way', 'one person', 'directed issue', 'register entry', ""shareholders' register"", 'board members', 'agenda item', 'STOCKHOLM', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Company', 'Wednesday', '1 June', 'CET', 'Attendance', 'accordance', 'section', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'website', 'indexpharma', 'notification', '31 May', 'address', '65 Solna', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'proxy', 'conditions', 'vote', '23 May', 'shares', 'name', 'nominee', 'transcription', 'order', '25 May', 'time', 'registration', 'preparation', 'minutes', 'opportunity', 'resolution', 'owners', 'cases', 'Directors', 'Opening', 'election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'group', 'respect', 'adoption', 'profits', 'losses', 'CEO', 'discharge', 'liability', 'number', 'fees', 'authorization', 'implementation', 'warrants', 'transfer', 'Closing', 'attorney', '171']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,prnewswire.com
3788,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ABELCO-INVESTMENT-GROUP-A-64308294/news/Abelco-Investment-Notice-to-annual-general-meeting-in-Abelco-Investment-Group-AB-30-05-2022-40180306/,Abelco Investment : Notice to annual general meeting in Abelco Investment Group AB 30-05-2022,1 day ago,"N.B. This English text is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original of the notice to attend the annual general meeting in Abelco Investment Group AB and in case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and this English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail.Notice to annual general meeting in Abelco Investment Group ABThe shareholders in Abelco Investment Group AB  reg.no 556775-2745 (the ""Company"") are hereby summoned to the annual general meeting on Monday  30 May 2022 at 10.00  at Eversheds Sutherland's offices at Strandvägen 1  Stockholm.A. Right to attend the meeting etc.Shareholders who wish to attend the general meeting must:• be registered in the share register held by Euroclear Sweden AB at the record date on 19 May 2022; and• notify their attendance to the Company no later than 23 May 2022. The notification must be made by e-mail to info@abelco.se or by mail to Abelco Investment Group AB  ""AGM 2022""  Nybrogatan 6  114 34 Stockholm.The notification must include name/company name  personal identity number/ corporate registration number  address  telephone number and  where applicable  information on counsel and/or deputy. If the shareholder intends to bring one or two advisors to the general meeting  such participation must be notified. To the notification must also complete authorization documents such as certificate of registration or similar  be appended  where applicable  for instance regarding legal entities.Information about postal votingThe Company has decided  pursuant to the Act (2022:121) on temporary exemptions to facilitate the holding of general meetings of shareholders and associations  that shareholders may exercise their voting rights by post prior to the meeting.Forms for postal voting will be made available on the Company's websitewww.abelco.seat least three weeks before the annual general meeting. The original of the completed and signed form should be sent to the above address. The completed form must be received by the Company no later than 23 May 2022  preferably before 15.00. Further instructions can be found in the form.Please note that registration of shares in your own name (if the shares are nominee-registered) and notification of the meeting must have been made as described below even if the shareholder chooses to vote by post before the meeting.Nominee-registered sharesShareholders who have nominee-registered their shares must temporarily re-register their shares in their own name to be entitled to attend the general meeting. Such registration  which normally takes a few days  should be completed no later than 23 May 2022 for the registration to be reflected in the share register  and trustees should therefore be advised of this in good time in advance.Counsel etc.Shareholders who are represented by counsel must issue a written  signed by the shareholder  and dated proxy for the counsel. If a validity period is specified  the validity period of the proxy may not exceed five years. If no validity period is specified  the proxy is valid for not more than one year. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the certificate of registration or corresponding for that legal entity should be appended. The original proxy and any certificate ofregistration should be sent in due time before the general meeting per mail to the Company at the above-stated address. A proxy form is available at the Company's website www.abelco.se..Personal informationPersonal data obtained through the notification  counsel or the share register kept by Euroclear will only be used for the necessary registration and preparation of the voting list for the general meeting. For information on the processing of personal data  see Euroclear's privacy policy available at https://www.euroclear.com/sweden/sv/regelverk-Euroclear-Sweden/GDPR.htmlInformation on measures in relation to the coronavirusAs a precaution to reduce the dissemination of the coronavirus  the Company has decided that no refreshments will be served at the general meeting  that no presentations of portfolio companies will be made  and that customary presentations will be kept at a minimum. Based on the recommendations from the authorities  the Company urges all shareholders to consider the possibility to vote via proxy in lieu of personal attendance. The Company monitors the situation closely and will update the information  as required.B. Proposal for agenda1.Opening of the general meeting2.Election of chairman of the meeting3.Preparation and approval of the voting register4.Election of one or two person(s) to attest the minutes5.Determination of whether the general meeting has been duly convened6.Approval of the agenda7.Presentation of the annual accounts and the audit report8.Resolution on:(a) Adoption of income statement and balance sheet for the company and the group;(b)Allocations regarding the Company's profit or loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheet;(c) Discharge of liability for board of directors and managing director.9.Resolution on board of director fees and auditor fees10. Election of board of directors and auditor11. Resolution to amend the articles of association12. Resolution on authorisation for the board of directors to resolve on new issue of shares  warrants and/or convertibles13. Resolution to authorise the board of directors to undertake minor adjustments of the resolutions14. Closing of the meetingProposal for resolutionItem 2 - Election of chairman of the meetingThe board of directors proposes that attorney Gabriel Albemark (Eversheds Sutherland) be elected chairman of the meetingItem 3 - Preparation and approval of the voting registerThe proposed voting list is the voting list that will have been drawn up on the basis of the shareholders present  the register of shareholders and the postal votes received and that has been checked and approved by the adjusters.Item 4 - Election of one or two person(s) to attest the minutesThe board of directors proposes that Kenneth Arnström or  in his/her absence  the person(s) designated by the board of directors  be appointed to approve the minutes together with the chairman. The duties of the person responsible for the minutes shall also include checking the voting list.Item 7(b) Allocations regarding the Company's profit or loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes to allocate the Company's results in accordance with the board of directors' proposal in the annual report. The board of directors further proposes that no dividend is paid for the financial year 2021.Item 8 - Resolution on board of director fees and auditor fees and fees to audit committeeThe board of directors proposes that remuneration be paid to non-employed board of directors with SEK 200 000 (excluding social security contributions) and to the chairman of the board with SEK 300 000 (excluding social security contributions). It is proposed that fees to the auditor be paid with a reasonable amount according to approved invoice. Since the Company only has two employees  the directors of the board are closely involved in the operations of the Company and significantly more than customary for companies listed on NGM Nordic SME. Thus  the proposed remuneration exceeds what may be customary for such companies.Item 9 - Resolution on board of directors and alternate directorsThe general meeting is proposed to resolve that the board of directors shall comprise three directors with no alternate directors.Item 10 - Election of board of directors and auditorThe general meeting is proposed to re-elect Kenneth Arnström  Liou Nyap Gan and Kin Wai Lau as board of directors for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting.The general meeting is further proposed to re-elect Patrik Ekenberg (Moore Allegretto) as the Company's auditor for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting.Item 11 - Resolution to amend the articles of associationNew article§ 10 Postal voting and collection of proxiesThe board of directors may decide that the shareholders may exercise their voting rights by mail in accordance with chapter 7 section 4 a of the Companies Act. The board of directors may also collect proxies in accordance with the procedure laid down in chapter 7 section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act.The above proposal for a new wording of the articles of association also entails a change in the numbering as a result of the introduction of a new article 10.Resolution on authorisation for the board in accordance with this Item 11 requires for its validity that it is supported by shareholders with at least two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the annual general meeting.Item 12 - Resolution on authorisation for the board of directors to resolve on new issue of shares  warrants and/or convertiblesThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorizes the Board to resolve  on one or more occasions  during the period and until the end of the next annual general meeting  to increase the Company's share capital through new issue of shares  convertible loan notes  and/or warrants to the extent permitted by the articles of association from time to time.New issue of shares  as well as issue of warrants and convertible loan notes  shall be able to take place with or without deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption right  against cash payment  for payment in kind  by way of set-off  or on conditions following from Chapter 2  Section 5 of the Swedish Companies Act. According to Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act  this authorization does not authorize the board of directors to resolve on issuances to the Board of Directors and/or employees of the Company.Resolution on authorisation for the board in accordance with this Item 12 requires for its validity that it is supported by shareholders with at least two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the annual general meeting.Item 13 - Resolution to authorise the board of directors to undertake minor adjustments of the resolutionsIt is proposed that the board of directors  or the person appointed by the board of directors  is authorized to make any minor amendments of the resolutions required to register the resolutions.C. Documents  information and number of sharesThe board of directors and the managing director shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors considers that it can be made without material harm for the Company  provide information on circumstances that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda.The complete proposal for resolution and accounting documents as well as the audit report will be made available for shareholders at the Company's office three weeks before the general meeting and will be sent free of charge to the shareholders who request the documents and provide their mail or email address. The documents will also be published at the Company's website and be kept available at the general meeting.The Company has 1 825 261 557 shares and votes per the date of this notice.____________________Stockholm in April 2022Abelco Investment Group ABStyrelsen",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.03,0.32,0.65,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Abelco Investment Group', 'Notice', 'Abelco Investment Group AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identity number', 'corporate registration number', 'annual general meeting', 'annual accounts', 'telephone number', 'abelco.se', 'general meetings', 'Personal data', 'N.B.', 'English text', 'unofficial translation', 'Swedish text', 'English translation', 'Eversheds Sutherland', 'Strandvägen', 'share register', 'record date', 'two advisors', 'authorization documents', 'legal entities', 'postal voting', 'temporary exemptions', 'voting rights', 'Further instructions', 'good time', 'validity period', 'five years', 'legal entity', 'due time', 'voting list', 'privacy policy', 'portfolio companies', 'B. Proposal', 'voting register', 'two person', 'audit report', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'managing director', 'personal attendance', 'Swedish original', 'Such registration', 'necessary registration', 'completed form', 'customary presentations', 'Personal information', 'above address', 'one year', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'original proxy', 'proxy form', 'The Company', 'company name', 'notice', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'shareholders', 'Monday', '30 May', 'offices', 'Stockholm', 'A.', '19 May', '23 May', 'notification', 'mail', 'AGM', 'Nybrogatan', 'counsel', 'deputy', 'participation', 'certificate', 'instance', 'Act', 'holding', 'associations', 'Forms', 'websitewww', 'days', 'trustees', 'advance', 'copy', 'ofregistration', 'preparation', 'processing', 'regelverk-Euroclear-Sweden', 'GDPR', 'measures', 'relation', 'coronavirus', 'precaution', 'dissemination', 'refreshments', 'minimum', 'recommendations', 'authorities', 'possibility', 'lieu', 'situation', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Resolution', 'Adoption', 'Allocations', 'profit', 'loss', 'accordance', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'board', 'directors']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,marketscreener.com
3789,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.law360.com/financial-services-uk/articles/1487315/broker-says-sanctions-block-1-3m-russian-bond-payment-,Broker Says Sanctions Block $1.3M Russian Bond Payment,1 day ago,"Law360  London (April 28  2022  5:51 PM BST) -- A bonds broker has told a court it does not have to pay back $1.3 million it received in a deal over Russian bank bonds because doing so would breach U.S. sanctions.Brokerage company Continental Capital Markets Ltd. said in its defense filed with the High Court on Monday that it is not obliged to pay a little more than $1.3 million which it agreed to pay for 1.5 million bonds issued by Sovcombank PA. This would put all those in the deal at risk of incurring secondary U.S. sanctions  the company added.The broker had agreed to sell the bonds to Stifel Nicolaus Europe Ltd . — an international brokerage and investment banking company — after it was approached by one of Stifel's agents.The two brokerage firms agreed to the sale on Feb. 23  saying the trade would be settled two days later  Continental said in its defense dated April 22.Stifel told the court that it is still entitled to the money under the terms of the contract because it ""remains ready  willing and able to transfer the bonds upon payment "" Stifel said in its claim filed March 10.But the U.S. Treasuryon Feb. 24 after Russia invaded Ukraine  which Continental argued in its defense prevents it from paying because it is illegal to transfer a sanctioned entity's property.The sanctions prohibit U.S. financial institutions based in America from making transactions in connection with Sovcombank or dealing with its property.Continental argues that  once the sanctions against Sovcombank were in place  transferring the payment for the bonds meant every party in the transaction  including Euroclear PLC — an international securities depository — risked secondary U.S. sanctions and other financial or criminal penalties.The broker also argued that the contract was subject to Euroclear's terms and policies  which state that the depository is not obliged to be part of any illegal transaction  and its ""force majeure"" clause. The clauses are used in contracts to address ""act of God"" events  unexpected events beyond control that disrupt one side's ability to fulfill the promises it made under the contract.British and EU sanctions later made it practically and legally impossible for the trade to be completed  so neither brokers' obligations arose and nor were they both discharged  Continental told the court.The U.K. government froze Sovcombank's British assets on Feb. 28  andfrom the SWIFT cross-border payment messaging system on March 12.Stifel is claiming the $1.3 million as principal debt  $4 176 of interest as well as costs.Neither side responded to requests for comment on Thursday.A subsidiary of Venezuela's state-owned oil company was ordered by a U.S. court in July 2021 to repay a  when it argued it could not repay its debt due to sanctions.Stifel Nicolaus Europe Ltd. is represented by Tom Lowenthal of Blackstone Chambers   instructed by Kieran Rayani  European head of legal at Stifel.Continental Capital Markets Ltd. is represented by Farhaz Khan QC of 3VB  and Leonora Sagan of Fountain Court Chambers   instructed by Yasseen Gailani of Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan UK LLP The case is Stifel Nicolaus Europe Ltd. v. Continental Capital Markets Ltd.  case number LM-2022-000043  in the Commercial Court  Queen's Bench Division of the High Court of Justice of England and Wales.--Additional reporting by Daniel Wilson  Najiyya Budaly and Caroline Simson. Editing by Joe Millis.For a reprint of this article  please contact reprints@law360.com.",negative,0.02,0.33,0.65,negative,0.01,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['$1.3M Russian Bond Payment', 'Broker', 'Sanctions', 'SWIFT cross-border payment messaging system', 'The U.K. government', 'Continental Capital Markets Ltd.', 'Stifel Nicolaus Europe Ltd', 'U.S. financial institutions', 'secondary U.S. sanctions', 'U.S. Treasuryon', 'force majeure"" clause', 'Farhaz Khan QC', 'Quinn Emanuel Urquhart', 'U.S. court', 'two brokerage firms', 'investment banking company', 'state-owned oil company', 'Russian bank bonds', 'international securities depository', 'Fountain Court Chambers', 'other financial', 'international brokerage', 'Brokerage company', 'Blackstone Chambers', 'EU sanctions', 'criminal penalties', ""brokers' obligations"", 'Tom Lowenthal', 'Kieran Rayani', 'European head', 'Leonora Sagan', 'Yasseen Gailani', 'UK LLP', 'Bench Division', 'Additional reporting', 'Daniel Wilson', 'Najiyya Budaly', 'Caroline Simson', 'Joe Millis', 'High Court', 'Commercial Court', '1.5 million bonds', 'Euroclear PLC', 'illegal transaction', 'unexpected events', 'one side', 'British assets', 'principal debt', 'case number', 'Sovcombank PA', 'bonds broker', 'Law360', 'London', 'April', '5:51 PM', 'deal', 'defense', 'Monday', 'risk', 'agents', 'sale', 'Feb.', 'trade', 'money', 'terms', 'contract', 'claim', 'Ukraine', 'entity', 'property', 'America', 'transactions', 'connection', 'place', 'party', 'policies', 'clauses', 'God', 'control', 'ability', 'promises', 'March', 'interest', 'costs', 'requests', 'comment', 'Thursday', 'subsidiary', 'Venezuela', 'July', '3VB', 'Sullivan', 'Queen', 'Justice', 'England', 'Wales', 'Editing', 'reprint', 'article']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,law360.com
3790,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/PRNewswire/Notice+of+Annual+General+Meeting+in+InDex+Pharmaceuticals+Holding+AB+%28publ%29/19976001.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in InDex Pharmaceuticals Holding AB (publ),1 day ago,"STOCKHOLM  April 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Shareholders in InDex Pharmaceuticals Holding AB  reg. nr 559067-6820 (the ""Company"")  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting on Wednesday 1 June  2022 at 17.00 (CET) through advance voting. Attendance at the meeting is only possible via postal ballot.Advance votingThe shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the general meeting by voting in advance  so called postal voting in accordance with section 22 of the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. Be advised that this is the only possible way to attend and vote at the general meeting held on 1 June 2022.A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on the Company's website  www.indexpharma.com. A shareholder who is exercising its voting right through advance voting do not need to notify the Company of its attendance to the general meeting. The advance voting form is considered as the notification of attendance to the general meeting. The completed voting form must be submitted to the Company no later than on 31 May 2022. The completed and signed form shall be sent to the address InDex Pharmaceuticals Holding AB  Berzelius väg 13  171 65 Solna  Sweden. A completed form may also be submitted electronically and is to be sent to: [email protected]. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form. The same applies for shareholders voting in advance by proxy. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote is invalid.To be able to vote in advance shareholders must be entered in the shareholders' register  kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Central Securities Depository & Clearing Organisation)  on the record day which is 23 May 2022. Shareholders who have their shares registered in the name of a nominee must request temporary entry in the transcription of the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden AB in order to be entitled to participate and vote for their shares at the meeting. The shareholder must inform the nominee well in advance of 25 May 2022  at which time the register entry must have been made. Personal data collected from the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden AB will be used for registration  preparation of register of voters for the meeting and  where applicable  minutes of the meeting.The advance voting form (postal ballot) gives shareholders the opportunity to vote for an agenda item to be raised at a future shareholders' meeting instead. In order for a resolution (item on the proposed agenda) to be postponed to a future shareholders' meeting  it is required that owners of at least one tenth of all shares in the Company request it. In such cases  the Board of Directors shall determine the date of the future shareholders' meeting  at which shareholders shall be allowed to participate in person and by proxy.Further instructions and conditions is included in the form for advance voting.Proposed AgendaOpening of the meeting and election of chairman of the meeting; Preparation and approval of the voting list; Approval of the agenda; Election of at least one person who shall approve the minutes of the meeting; Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened; Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as of the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report for the group; Resolution in respect of: a. adoption of the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet as well as of the consolidated profit and loss statement and the consolidated profit and loss statement and balance sheet for the group; b. the company's profits or losses according to the adopted balance sheet; c. the members of the board of directors' and the CEO's discharge from liability; Determination of the number of members of the board of directors  and if applicable deputy members of the board of directors  as well as of the number of auditors  and if applicable deputy auditors; Determination of the fees payable to the members of the board of directors and the auditor; Election of members of the board of directors and auditor; Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to increase the share capital; Resolution on implementation of a long term incentive program in the form of employee stock options for senior executives and other key persons in the group including (i) a directed issue of warrants and (ii) approval of transfer (Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025); Resolution on implementation of a long-term incentive programme for board members by way of (i) a directed issue of warrants and (ii) approval of transfer of warrants (Warrant programme 2022/2027); Closing of the meeting.Proposed resolutions presented by the nomination committeeItem 1: Election of chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that attorney at law Marcus Nivinger is elected chairman of the meeting  or if he is unable to attend the meeting  any other person proposed by the board of directors.Item 8: Determination of the number of members of the board of directors  as well as of the number of auditorsThe board of directors currently consists of the following four ordinary members without deputy members: Wenche Rolfsen (chairman)  Marlene Forsell  Uli Hacksell and Lennart Hansson. The nomination committee proposes that  until the end of the next annual general meeting  the board of directors shall consist of six ordinary members without deputies. Furthermore  it is proposed that a registered accounting firm shall be elected as auditor.Item 9: Determination of the fees payable to the members of the board of directors and the auditorThe nomination committee proposes that the fees to the board of directors  until the end of the next annual general meeting  shall amount to SEK 500 000 to the chairman of the board of directors and SEK 235 000 to each ordinary member of the board of directors not employed by the Company. The nomination committee proposes that the fees to the Company's auditor be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Item 10: Election of members of the board of directors and auditorThe nomination committee proposes re-election of Wenche Rolfsen  Marlene Forsell  Uli Hacksell and Lennart Hansson and the election of Karin Bernadotte af Wisborg and Anna-Kaija Grönblad as ordinary board members until the end of the next annual general meeting. Furthermore  it is proposed that Wenche Rolfsen is re-elected as chairman of the board of directors.Karin Bernadotte af Wisborg  born in 1963  holds a degree of Master of Science in Pharmacy. She was managing director during 2015-2017 for the Balkan region at MSD Europe and she has had a number of leading positions within the same organization i.e. head of Public Affairs Europe & Canada. She was first employed by MSD Sweden in 1988. She has been a board member at ContexVision  LIF in Sweden  and AmCham Sweden.Anna-Kaija Grönblad  born in 1968  holds a degree of Bachelor of Science in Business and Economics from Uppsala university. She was the Managing Director for Sanofi Sweden in 2012-2020 and held during the same period and in 1998-2011 different leading commercial roles in the Nordics/Baltics. During 2011-2012 she was the Managing Director for Bariatric Center & GHP Kirurgkliniken at Sophiahemmet. She has been a board member at the trade association LIF in Sweden and Bariatric Center in Lund. She is currently Chief Commercial Officer at BioArctic AB.The auditing company PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (PwC) is proposed to be re-elected as auditor. Should PwC be re-elected  the certified auditor Magnus Lagerberg will remain as the auditor in charge.Resolution proposed by the Board of DirectorsItem 2: Preparation and approval of the voting listThe board of directors proposes that the chairman of the meeting together with the verifier of the minutes shall complete the voting list based on received postal votes and the excerpt from the shareholders register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB.Item 4: Election of at least one person to verify the minutesThe board of directors' proposes that Karl Tobieson  Linc AB  is to be appointed as person verifying the minutes together with the chairman of the general meeting  or in the event he is prevented from doing so  the person the board of directors appoints instead. The person appointed to verify the minutes shall  apart from approving the minutes of the general meeting together with the chairman of the general meeting  check the voting list and that the result of received votes are correctly reflected in the minutes of the general meeting.Item 7b): Resolution in respect of allocation of the company's profits or lossesThe board of directors proposes that the Company's accumulated profits shall be carried forward in new account and that no dividend shall be paid for the financial year 2021.Item 11: Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to increase the share capitalThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves on an authorization for the board of directors to – for the period up to the next annual general meeting and at one or more occasions – resolve upon issuance of new shares  warrants and/or convertible debentures. Payment may be made in cash  in kind  through set-off of claims or otherwise be conditional. The Company's share capital may by support of the authorization be increased by an amount corresponding to 10 per cent of the share capital and number of shares in the Company as of on the date the board of directors make use of the authorization. Deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights shall be allowed in situations where a directed issue is deemed more appropriate for the Company due to timing  commercial or similar reasons  and in order to enable acquisitions. The chairman of the board of directors  the CEO  or anyone authorized by the board of directors  shall have the right to make any minor adjustments required in order to register this resolution. For a valid decision on the proposal on an authorization for the board of directors  as outlined above  requires that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds (2/3) of the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Item 12: Resolution on implementation of a long term incentive program in the form of employee stock options for senior executives and other key persons in the group including (i) a directed issue of warrants and (ii) approval of transfer (Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025);The board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves on implementation of a long-term incentive program (the ""Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025"") for senior executives and other key persons of the group (the ""Participants"") by way of granting employee stock options giving right to acquire new shares in the Company. Board members are not allowed to participate. The proposal also includes decision on a directed issue of warrants in order to enable delivery of shares under the program (if and to the extent the Company would like to effect delivery of shares by use of such warrants) and to cover potential cash flow effects from social security costs arising from employee stock option program  and approval of transfer of such warrants and/or shares on the terms and conditions set forth below.This proposal has been presented as the board of directors considers it important and in the interests of all shareholders to create involvement for senior executives and other key persons  including employees as well as consultants  in terms of the Company's and the group's development and ensure that these individuals share the goal of generating value-adding growth. It is also important to motivate continued employment and assignments. The board therefore proposes that the annual general meeting resolve as follows below.Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025The board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves on implementation of the Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025 in accordance with the guidelines set forth below:1. The program shall consist of no more than 8 000 000 employee stock options to be allotted to the Participants free of charge.2. Each employee stock option confers the holder a right to acquire one (1) new share in the Company against cash consideration at an exercise price of SEK 4  corresponding to 288 % of the volume weighted average price of the latest 10 trading days (i.e. 13 April  2022 to 26 April  2022). The exercise price and the number of new shares that each employee stock option confers right to may be subject to recalculation by the corresponding application of the provisions in the complete terms and conditions for the warrants (see below).3. Notice of participation in the program shall have been received by the Company no later than 30 June 2022 with a right for the board of directors of the Company to prolong the time period. Allotment of employee stock options to Participants shall be made promptly after the expiration of the notification period.4. The employee stock options shall be offered the Participants in accordance with instructions from the board of directors of the Company and the following principles. The Participants right to employee stock options shall be differentiated with regard to position  responsibilities and performance in the group. Only those persons who are included in the categories below shall be offered employee stock options. The board of directors shall decide which persons that shall be deemed to be included in each category and which persons that shall receive employee stock options. In the event of re-calculation  the Participants in each category shall have the right to acquire the same number of employee stock options. Allotment of employee stock options to Participants outside Sweden shall - where applicable - be dependent on the tax effects  that there are no legal obstacles and that the board considers that such allotment can be made with reasonable administrative and financial resources.Category A – CEO: The CEO may be allotted a maximum of 1 930 700 employee stock options.Category B –Senior executives (approximately 4 individuals): participants in this category may be allotted a maximum of 3 089 200 employee stock options collectively and each participant in the category may be allotted a maximum of 772 300 employee stock options individually.Category C – Other key persons (approximately 12 individuals): participants in this category may be allotted a maximum of 2 980 100 employee stock options collectively and each participant may be allotted a maximum of 338 000 employee stock options individually.5. The employee stock options do not constitute securities and may not be transferred or pledged and may only be exercised for acquisition of new shares in the Company by the person to whom they have been granted.6. Alloted employee stock options shall be vested in three equal parts as of the date of each annual general meeting in the Company from 2023 to 2025 (i.e. approximately 33 per cent of the total number of employee stock options will be vested each year) and conditional on continued employment/assignments in the group  with reservation for the terms in the separate option agreements that shall be entered into between each Participant and the Company/Subsidiary.7. The holder may exercise allotted and vested employee stock options during the period from and including 1 July 2025 until and including 31 December 2025. The employee stock options may not be exercised for subscription of new shares during the so called ""closed periods"" according to the EUs Market Abuse Regulation  or otherwise in violation with applicable rules regarding insider information (including the Company's own guidelines in this regard).8. The employee stock options shall be governed by the more detailed terms and conditions set forth in ""Terms and Conditions for Employee Stock Options 2022/2025 in InDex Pharmaceuticals Holding AB (publ)""  in accordance with the board of directors' complete proposal  and separate agreements with each Participant. The board of directors shall be responsible for the preparation and management of Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025 within the abovementioned substantial terms.Terms and conditions for the issue of warrantsTo enable the Company's delivery of shares under Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025 and to cover any cash flow effects from potential social security costs arising from Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025  the board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting of shareholders resolves on a directed issue of no more than 10 513 600 warrants  out of which 2 513 600 warrants are proposed to be issued to cover potential cash flow effects from social security costs arising from Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025  according to the following terms.The Company shall issue no more than 10 513 600 warrants of series 2022/2025. Each warrant entitles to subscription of one (1) new share in the Company  each with a quotient value of SEK 0.02. If all warrants are exercised for subscription of new shares  the Company's share capital will increase by SEK 210 272 (subject to potential recalculations in accordance with customary terms and conditions to be applicable in relation to the warrants). The warrants may  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  only be subscribed for by the Company or its subsidiary InDex Pharmaceuticals AB  org. no. 556704-5140 (the ""Subsidiary""). The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to enable delivery of shares under Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025  and to cover cash flow effects from potential social security costs arising from Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025. The Company's/Subsidiary's subscription of the warrants shall be made on a special subscription list within five (5) calendar days from the date of the general meeting that resolves on the issue. The board of directors shall have the right to extend the subscription period. The warrants are issued without consideration (i.e. free of charge) to the Company/Subsidiary. The warrants may be exercised for subscription of new shares during the period from and including the registration of the warrants with the Swedish Companies Registration Office until and including 31 March 2026. Each warrant entitles to subscription for one (1) new share in the Company at a subscription price of SEK 4 per share (the ""Exercise Price""). Any amount that exceeds the quotient value shall be transferred to the nonrestricted share premium account. Shares issued following subscription shall entitle to participation in the distribution of dividends for the first time on the record date for dividends that occurs immediately following definite registration of the new shares with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and in the Company's share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. The warrants shall also be subject to the terms and conditions  inter alia containing customary recalculation conditions  set forth in the board of directors' complete proposal. The chairman of the board of directors  the CEO or a person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorised to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.The board of directors further proposes that the general meeting of shareholders resolves to approve that the Company may transfer no more than 8 000 000 warrants in the Company to participants in Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025  or otherwise dispose of the warrants to secure the Company's commitments in connection with Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025 in connection with the Participants being entitled to exercise their employee stock options to acquire shares  and that the Company may dispose of no more than 2 513 600 warrants to cover potential cash flow effects from social security costs in accordance with the terms of Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025.Reasons for the employee stock option program and the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rightsThe reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to create involvement for the Participants in terms of the Company's and the group's development and to ensure that these individuals share the goal of generating value-adding growth  and to motivate continued employment and assignments. The board of directors assess that these objectives are in line with all shareholders' interests. The warrants are proposed to be issued to the Company in order to enable delivery of new shares to the Participants in the program and to cover cash flow effects from potential social security costs arising from Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025.Existing share related incentive programsLong term incentive program 2020/2023 (LTIP 2020)At the annual general meeting held on 20 April 2020 it was resolved on a directed issue of 3 965 000 warrants within the framework of an incentive program to senior executives and other key persons. At the time of this proposal there are currently 851 721 outstanding warrants within the framework of the incentive program (after the cancellation of 3 006 612 warrants registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on 22 March 2021 and the cancellation of 106 667 warrants which is planned to take place before the annual general meeting 2022). Each warrant entitled to subscribe for one new share in the Company at a subscription price of SEK 20.00. The warrants may be exercised from and including 1 May 2023 until and including 31 October 2023. As a result of the rights issue completed during February 2021  the subscription price and the number of shares each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for has been recalculated in accordance with applicable terms and conditions. The recalculated subscription price amounts to SEK 7.804 and each warrant entitles to subscribe to subscribe for 2.5627 shares.Long term incentive program 2021/2024 (LTIP 2021)At the annual general meeting held on 3 June 2021 it was resolved on a directed issue of 7 200 000 warrants within the framework of an incentive program for senior executives and other key persons. At the same time  an additional 2 262 240 warrants were resolved to cover cash flow effects from potential social security costs. At the time of this proposal there are 7 203 130 outstanding warrants within the framework of the incentive program (after the cancellation of 2 259 110 warrants which is planned to take place before the annual general meeting 2022). Each warrant entitles to subscribe for one new share in the Company at an subscription price of SEK 4.00. The warrants may be exercised from and including 1 July 2024 until and including 31 December 2024.Costs  dilution  etc.The program will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 – Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the employee stock options should be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the Company's cash flow. Social security costs will in accordance with UFR 7 be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period. Assuming a share price at the time of allotment of SEK 1.50  and that all employee stock options are vested and exercised up-front  the annual cost for the program is in accordance with IFRS 2 estimated to approximately SEK 350 000 per year before tax. Since the social security costs associated with the program are covered by hedging measures through the issue of warrants which will be exercised by a financial intermediary in connection with the exercise of the employee stock options  the social security costs associated with the program will be fully covered. The hedging measures will instead result in an additional dilution of present shareholders (which is included in the dilution calculations presented below). The costs associated with the establishment of the program are further estimated to a total of SEK 100 000. Further  minor brokerage costs will arise in connection with the exercise of hedging warrants by a financial intermediary. The costs associated with the program are expected to have only a marginal effect on the Company's key ratios.Upon full exercise of all 10 513 600 issued warrants issued in connection with Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025  a total of 10 513 600 new shares will be issued in the Company (subject to potential recalculations in accordance with applicable terms and conditions). This corresponds to approximately 1.97 % of the total share capital and number of shares/votes in the Company and would lead to a dilution corresponding to approximately 1.94 % of the total share capital and number of shares/votes (based on the share capital and number of shares/votes in the Company registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office as of the day of this proposal and calculated as the maximum amount of share capital and number of shares/votes that may be issued  divided by the total share capital and the total number of shares/votes in the Company after all warrants have been exercised). The dilution calculation does not take into account potential new shares as a result of existing incentive programmes or the incentive programme for board members proposed to be adopted at the annual general meeting meaning that the potential dilution may be lower than the aforementioned.The above calculations regarding dilution and impact on key ratios are subject to recalculations in accordance with the customary recalculation terms set out for the programs.Preparation of the proposalThis proposal has been prepared by the board of directors together with external advisors and after consultations with certain major shareholders. The final proposal has been presented by the board of directors.Majority requirementsThe proposed implementation of Employee Stock Option Program 2022/2025 including a directed issue of warrants  and the approval of the transfer of warrants and/or shares  is governed by the provisions in Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. Aktiebolagslagen (2005:551))  and a valid resolution therefore requires that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing at least nine-tenths (9/10) of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the meeting.MiscellaneousThe board of directors  or a person appointed by the board of directors shall have the right to make the minor adjustments required to register the resolution  and the board of directors shall have the right to make the minor adjustments required in the incentive program in order to conform with applicable foreign laws and regulations.Resolution proposed by the shareholdersItem 13. Resolution on implementation of a long-term incentive programme for board members by way of (i) a directed issue of warrants and (ii) approval of transfer of warrants (Warrant programme 2022/2027)Linc AB proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on implementation of a long-term incentive programme (Warrant programme 2022/2027) for board members by way of (A) directed issue of no more than 2 800 000 warrants to the Company and/or its subsidiary InDex Pharmaceuticals AB  org. no. 556704-5140 (the ""Subsidiary"")  as set forth in item A below  and (B) approval of transfer of the issued warrants from the Company/Subsidiary to the board members in the Company as set forth in item B below.Main terms of the incentive programmeThe incentive programme shall encompass the board members that are elected or re-elected at the annual general meeting (the ""Participants""). Participation in the incentive programme requires the election or re-election of the board members concerned at the annual general meeting 2022.The incentive programme entails that Participants  who have entered into an agreement with the Company/Subsidiary (the ""Warrant Agreement"")  are offered to acquire warrants at market value  calculated as set forth below. Warrants may be transferred to the Participants free-of-charge provided that it does not entail negative tax consequences for the group (only applicable with respect to Participants in other jurisdictions than Sweden).The Warrant Agreement will include a so called vesting structure with a vesting period of at least three years  a re-purchase right for the Company/Subsidiary applicable under certain circumstances  certain transfer restrictions and other terms and conditions customary for such agreements with some potential differences due to requirements under local law.Each warrant shall entitle the warrant holder to subscribe for one (1) new share in the Company against cash consideration at an exercise price of SEK 4.50. Any amount that exceeds the quotient value shall be transferred to the nonrestricted share premium account.The warrants may be exercised for subscription of new shares during the periods from and including 15 June 2025 until and including 15 July 2025  from and including 15 June 2026 until and including 15 July 2026 and from and including 15 June 2027 until and including 15 July 2027. Subscription of new shares may however not take place during so-called closed periods according to the EU Market Abuse Regulation  or otherwise in breach of relevant insider rules and regulations (including the Company's internal guidelines in this respect). Warrants that have not been exercised for subscription of new shares by 15 July 2027 shall lapse.The rationale for the incentive programme and reasons for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rightsThe rationale for the incentive programme is to create involvement for the Participants in terms of the Company's and the group's development and to ensure that these individuals share the goal of generating value-adding growth  and to motivate continued assignments.The warrants are proposed to be issued to the Company and/or to the Subsidiary in order to enable delivery of new shares to the Participants in the program.Existing share related incentive programmesLong term incentive program 2020/2023 (LTIP 2020)At the annual general meeting held on 20 April 2020 it was resolved on a directed issue of 3 965 000 warrants within the framework of an incentive program to senior executives and other key persons. At the time of this proposal there are currently 851 721 outstanding warrants within the framework of the incentive program (after the cancellation of 3 006 612 warrants registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on 22 March 2021 and the cancellation of 106 667 warrants which is planned to take place before the annual general meeting 2022). Each warrant entitled to subscribe for one new share in the Company at a subscription price of SEK 20.00. The warrants may be exercised from and including 1 May 2023 until and including 31 October 2023. As a result of the rights issue completed during February 2021  the subscription price and the number of shares each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for has been recalculated in accordance with applicable terms and conditions. The recalculated subscription price amounts to SEK 7.804 and each warrant entitles to subscribe to subscribe for 2.5627 shares.Long term incentive program 2021/2024 (LTIP 2021)At the annual general meeting held on 3 June 2021 it was resolved on a directed issue of 7 200 000 warrants within the framework of an incentive program for senior executives and other key persons. At the same time  an additional 2 262 240 warrants were resolved to cover cash flow effects from potential social security costs. At the time of this proposal there are 7 203 130 outstanding warrants within the framework of the incentive program (after the cancellation of 2 259 110 warrants which is planned to take place before the annual general meeting 2022). Each warrant entitles to subscribe for one new share in the Company at an subscription price of SEK 4.00. The warrants may be exercised from and including 1 July 2024 until and including 31 December 2024.Costs  dilution  etc.There are costs associated with the incentive programme in respect of valuation  consultancy services and costs for registration and practical management of the programme. There should not be any security costs or similar payable by the group.Upon full subscription  transfer and exercise of all 2 800 000 issued warrants  a total of 2 800 000 new shares will be issued in the Company (subject to potential recalculations in accordance with customary terms and conditions applicable for the warrants). This corresponds to approximately 0.53 % of the total share capital and number of shares/votes in the Company and would lead to a dilution corresponding to approximately 0.52 % of the total share capital and number of shares/votes (based on the share capital and number of shares/votes in the Company registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office as of the day of this proposal and calculated as the maximum amount of share capital and number of shares/votes that may be issued  divided by the total share capital and the total number of shares/votes in the Company after all warrants have been exercised). The dilution calculation does not take into account potential new shares as a result of existing incentive programmes or the incentive programme for employees and consultants proposed to be adopted at the annual general meeting meaning that the potential dilution may be lower than the aforementioned. The costs associated with the program are expected to have only a marginal effect on the Company's key ratios.The above calculations regarding dilution and impact on key ratios are subject to recalculations in accordance with the customary recalculation terms set out for the programme.Preparation of the proposalThis proposal has been prepared by Linc AB together with external consultants. The final proposal has been presented by the abovementioned party.Majority requirementsThe proposed incentive programme is subject to the provisions in Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. Aktiebolagslagen (2005:551))  and a valid resolution therefore requires that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing at least nine-tenths (9/10) of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the annual general meeting.A. Directed issue of warrantsThe Company shall issue no more than 2 800 000 warrants of series 2022/2027. Each warrant entitles to subscription of one (1) new share in the Company  each with a quotient value of SEK 0.02. If all warrants are subscribed  transferred to and exercised by the Participants for subscription of new shares  the Company's share capital will increase by SEK 56 000 (subject to potential recalculations in accordance with customary terms and conditions to be applicable in relation to the warrants). The warrants may  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  only be subscribed for by the Company/Subsidiary after which they are to be transferred to the Participants in accordance with the resolution adopted by the general meeting. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is that the warrants are to be used within the proposed incentive programme. The Company's/Subsidiary's subscription of the warrants shall be made on a special subscription list within five (5) calendar days from the date of the general meeting that resolves on the issue. The board of directors shall have the right to extend the subscription period. The Company/Subsidiary is not to pay any subscription price for the warrants. The warrants may be exercised for subscription of new shares during the periods from and including 15 June 2025 until and including 15 July 2025  from and including 15 June 2026 until and including 15 July 2026 and from and including 15 June 2027 until and including 15 July 2027. The subscription price per new share is determined to be SEK 4.50. Any amount that exceeds the quotient value shall be transferred to the nonrestricted share premium account. Shares issued following subscription shall entitle to participation in the distribution of dividends for the first time on the record date for dividends that occurs immediately following definite registration of the new shares with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and in the Company's share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. The warrants shall also be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the schedule to the complete proposal. The chairman of the board of directors  the CEO or a person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorised to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.B. Approval of transfer of warrant to the ParticipantsA resolution to issue warrants in accordance with this proposal also includes an approval of the transfer of warrants to the Participants.The warrants are to be transferred to the Participants against a premium payable by the Participants corresponding to the theoretical market value of the warrants as of the date of transfer  calculated by an independent valuation agent engaged by the Company by use of the Black & Scholes valuation model. Warrants may be transferred to the Participants free-of-charge provided that it does not entail negative tax consequences for the group (only applicable with respect to Participants in other jurisdictions than Sweden). The market value is preliminary estimated to SEK 0.12 per warrant  based on a market value of the underlying share corresponding to SEK 1.50 and a subscription price of SEK 4.50 per new share.The Participants may be allocated warrants as set forth below. No Participant may be offered a higher number of warrants than the maximum allocation set forth below.Category Maximum number of warrants per Participant Maximum number of warrants within the respective category Chairman of the board of directors 800 000 800 000 Other board members (5 persons) 400 000 2 000 000A Participant can choose to acquire a lower but not a higher number of warrants than offered to the Participant.For Participants in other jurisdictions than Sweden  it is implied that transfer of warrants is legally possible and that transfer  in the Company's opinion  can be carried out with reasonable administrative and financial efforts. The Company shall have the right to adjust the terms of the Warrant Programme 2022/2027 to the extent required in order for allotment of warrants to participants in other jurisdictions  to the extent practically possible  to be made under the same conditions imposed by the Warrant Programme 2022/2027.Number of shares and votes in the CompanyThe total number of shares in the Company at the time of issuance of this notice is 532 687 650. The Company does not hold any of its own shares.Shareholders' right to request informationThe board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors believe that it can be done without material damage to the Company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda or of the Company's economic situation. Such duty to provide information also comprises the Company's relation to the other group companies  the consolidated financial statements and such circumstances regarding subsidiaries which are set out in the foregoing sentence. A request for such information shall be made in writing no later than on 22 May 2022. The information will be made available at the Company's office from 27 May 2022  at the latest. The information will  from the same date  also be available on the Company's website www.indexpharma.com. The information will also be sent  within the same period of time  to the shareholder who has requested it and stated its address.DocumentationThe financial accounts  auditor's report  complete proposals and other documents to be dealt with at the general meeting will be kept available at the Company's office not later than three weeks before the meeting. The documents will be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their postal address. The documents will also be made available not later than the aforementioned date on the Company's website www.indexpharma.com. All the above mentioned documents will also be presented at the general meeting.Stockholm  April 2022The Board of DirectorsOffical version of notice to attend the Annual General MeetingThe official version of the notice to attend the Annual General Meeting is in the Swedish language and available for download at www.indexpharma.comFor more information:Johan Giléus  Interim CEOPhone: +46 8 122 038 50E-mail: [email protected]PublicationThe information was submitted for publication through the agency of the contact person set out above at 14:00 CET on 28 April  2022.InDex Pharmaceuticals in briefInDex is a pharmaceutical development company focusing on immunological diseases where there is a high unmet medical need for new treatment options. The company's foremost asset is the drug candidate cobitolimod  which is being evaluated in the phase III study CONCLUDE for the treatment of moderate to severe ulcerative colitis – a debilitating  chronic inflammation of the large intestine. InDex has also developed a platform of patent protected discovery stage substances  so called DNA based ImmunoModulatory Sequences (DIMS)  with the potential to be used in treatment of various immunological diseases.InDex is based in Stockholm  Sweden. The company's shares (ticker INDEX) are traded on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Stockholm. Redeye AB with e-mail [email protected] and phone number +46 8 121 576 90 is the company's Certified Adviser. For more information  please visit www.indexpharma.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/index-pharmaceuticals/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-index-pharmaceuticals-holding-ab--publ- c3555924The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/9612/3555924/1571130.pdf Notice to attend AGM in InDex Pharma 2022View original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-index-pharmaceuticals-holding-ab-publ-301535347.htmlSOURCE Index Pharmaceuticals",neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,negative,0.01,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['InDex Pharmaceuticals Holding AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Swedish Central Securities Depository', 'long term incentive program', 'InDex Pharmaceuticals Holding AB', 'Employee Stock Option Program', 'employee stock options', 'Berzelius väg', 'long-term incentive programme', 'law Marcus Nivinger', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'other key persons', 'consolidated financial statements', 'applicable deputy auditors', 'applicable deputy members', 'Annual General Meeting', ""future shareholders' meeting"", 'advance voting form', 'other associations', 'Warrant programme', 'voting rights', 'voting list', 'general meetings', 'postal ballot', 'temporary exceptions', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'special instructions', 'Clearing Organisation', 'record day', 'temporary entry', 'Personal data', 'one tenth', 'Further instructions', 'loss statement', 'balance sheet', 'consolidated profit', 'share capital', 'senior executives', 'nomination committeeItem', 'annual report', 'Advance votingThe', 'special form', 'completed form', 'Wednesday 1 June', 'possible way', 'one person', 'directed issue', 'register entry', ""shareholders' register"", 'agenda item', 'board members', 'STOCKHOLM', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Company', 'CET', 'Attendance', 'accordance', 'section', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'website', 'indexpharma', 'notification', '31 May', 'address', '65 Solna', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'proxy', 'conditions', 'vote', '23 May', 'shares', 'name', 'nominee', 'transcription', 'order', '25 May', 'time', 'registration', 'preparation', 'minutes', 'opportunity', 'resolution', 'owners', 'cases', 'Directors', 'Opening', 'election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'group', 'respect', 'adoption', 'profits', 'losses', 'CEO', 'discharge', 'liability', 'number', 'fees', 'authorization', 'implementation', 'warrants', 'transfer', 'Closing', 'attorney', '171']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,streetinsider.com
3794,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,New paytech start-up Saltare launches in the UK #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/oob9jiLR2y #regtech,nan,New paytech start-up Saltare launches in the UK #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/oob9jiLR2y #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['New paytech start-up Saltare launches', 'UK', 'Fintech', 'oob9jiLR2y', 'regtech', 'New paytech start-up Saltare launches', 'UK', 'Fintech', 'oob9jiLR2y', 'regtech']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,Unknown
3795,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,US challenger Cogni lands $23m in Series A funding #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/QHO5LxNRf3 #regtech,nan,US challenger Cogni lands $23m in Series A funding #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/QHO5LxNRf3 #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.07,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.07,True,English,"['US challenger Cogni', 'Series A funding', 'Fintech', 'QHO5LxNRf3', 'regtech', 'US challenger Cogni', 'Series A funding', 'Fintech', 'QHO5LxNRf3', 'regtech']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,Unknown
3796,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,US paytech Choice brings on Nexa Equity as majority investor  acquires DPC #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/rcWhVpX1a0 #regtech,nan,US paytech Choice brings on Nexa Equity as majority investor  acquires DPC #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/rcWhVpX1a0 #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['US paytech Choice', 'Nexa Equity', 'majority investor', 'DPC', 'Fintech', 'rcWhVpX1a0', 'regtech', 'US paytech Choice', 'Nexa Equity', 'majority investor', 'DPC', 'Fintech', 'rcWhVpX1a0', 'regtech']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,Unknown
3797,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear delivers a strong Q1 performance https://t.co/F8fhsZuLTV,nan,Euroclear delivers a strong Q1 performance https://t.co/F8fhsZuLTV,neutral,0.2,0.78,0.02,neutral,0.2,0.78,0.02,True,English,"['strong Q1\xa0performance', 'Euroclear', 'F8fhsZuLTV', 'strong Q1\xa0performance', 'Euroclear', 'F8fhsZuLTV']",2022-04-27,2022-04-29,Unknown
3798,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear delivers a strong Q1 performance https://t.co/ars1fZRvY6,nan,Euroclear delivers a strong Q1 performance https://t.co/ars1fZRvY6,positive,0.5,0.47,0.02,positive,0.5,0.47,0.02,True,English,"['strong Q1\xa0performance', 'Euroclear', 'ars1fZRvY6', 'strong Q1\xa0performance', 'Euroclear', 'ars1fZRvY6']",2022-04-27,2022-04-29,Unknown
3800,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/antennas-direct-launches-new-jolt-switch-amplifier-and-clearstream-horizon-indoor-hdtv-antenna-301535160.html,Antennas Direct Launches New Jolt Switch Amplifier and ClearStream HORIZON Indoor HDTV Antenna,1 day ago,"New devices will enable an even more powerful  reliable  and cost-effective TV experience for any homeELLISVILLE  Mo.  April 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Antennas Direct   the leading HDTV antenna provider  today launched two new products: the Jolt Switch in-line amplifier and the ClearStream HORIZON indoor TV antenna. These innovative products join Antennas Direct's suite of the world's most powerful antennas that deliver high-quality TV experiences.The Jolt Switch is an enhanced version of the Jolt amplifier and offers improved performance  design  and user experience. Using the on/off switch  the Jolt Switch provides amplification when it is needed in real time or bypasses amplification when a TV channel does not need it. When in use  the Jolt Switch increases TV signals to deliver clearer picture and sound  and can even broaden access to channels beyond the antenna's standard range.This new version of the USB in-line amplifier has a higher gain of 18 dB  is compatible with most TV antennas  and later this year will be included with several other Antennas Direct and Mohu antenna models. The Jolt Switch costs $29.99 and is available for purchase from Antennas Direct and Mohu .One of the antennas to include the Jolt Switch is the new ClearStream HORIZON antenna. This amplified indoor HDTV antenna is engineered to receive TV signals 60 miles away from broadcast towers. The ClearStream HORIZON offers a minimalistic design and installs like a soundbar  either mounted on a wall or placed on a flat surface using its included kickstand. It costs $79.99 and is available for purchase today from Antennas Direct . This product will become more widely available on other ecommerce platforms next month.""The cord-cutting movement isn't letting up as Americans ditch their cable packages in droves for more affordable  user-friendly options. But we also know that consumers won't sacrifice high-quality performance for lower cost "" said Richard Schneider  CEO and founder of Antennas Direct. ""This is why Antennas Direct and Mohu continue to innovate new HDTV antennas and supporting devices that provide cord cutters with an optimal and affordable TV viewing experience. We've always been at the forefront of the cord-cutting movement  and we're excited to continue creating products that help consumers maintain access to TV without the hefty subscription fees.""For more information about these new products  visit www.antennasdirect.com or www.gomohu.com . If you're not sure which network TV channels are available over-the-air in your area and need to determine the right antenna for you  please visit Antennas Direct's transmitter locator tool .About Antennas Direct:Antennas Direct is the #1 LEADER in antenna technology with a foundation built on a culture of innovation and forward-thinking that has been a driving force for over 15 years. The company is the largest manufacturer of over-the-air outdoor antennas specifically tuned for the core-DTV frequencies broadcast in North America. Antennas Direct are the pioneers of the cord-cutting movement  spreading antenna awareness to millions of consumers since 2003. The company has invested major resources into the discovery and implementation of new antenna designs for digital reception. The firm is a member of the Inc. 500|5000 Hall of Fame and Future of TV Coalition. Visit www.antennasdirect.com for more information.Media Contact:[email protected]SOURCE Antennas Direct",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream HORIZON Indoor HDTV Antenna', 'New Jolt Switch Amplifier', 'Antennas Direct', 'ClearStream HORIZON indoor TV antenna', 'leading HDTV antenna provider', 'new ClearStream HORIZON antenna', 'affordable TV viewing experience', 'The ClearStream HORIZON', 'indoor HDTV antenna', 'affordable, user-friendly options', 'other ecommerce platforms', 'hefty subscription fees', 'transmitter locator tool', 'cost-effective TV experience', 'new antenna designs', 'high-quality TV experiences', 'new HDTV antennas', 'several other Antennas', 'most TV antennas', 'network TV channels', 'two new products', 'The Jolt Switch', 'Mohu antenna models', 'user experience', 'right antenna', 'antenna technology', 'antenna awareness', 'TV signals', 'TV Coalition', 'new version', 'Jolt amplifier', 'off switch', 'New devices', 'Antennas Direct', 'powerful antennas', 'outdoor antennas', 'SOURCE Antennas', 'line amplifier', 'innovative products', 'enhanced version', 'real time', 'clearer picture', 'standard range', 'higher gain', 'broadcast towers', 'flat surface', 'cord-cutting movement', 'cable packages', 'high-quality performance', 'lower cost', 'Richard Schneider', 'cord cutters', 'driving force', 'largest manufacturer', 'core-DTV frequencies', 'North America', 'major resources', 'digital reception', 'Inc. 500|5000 Hall', 'Media Contact', 'minimalistic design', 'home', 'ELLISVILLE', 'Mo.', 'suite', 'world', 'improved', 'amplification', 'sound', 'access', 'USB', '18 dB', 'purchase', 'wall', 'included', 'kickstand', 'Americans', 'droves', 'consumers', 'CEO', 'founder', 'optimal', 'forefront', 'information', 'antennasdirect', 'gomohu', 'air', 'area', 'foundation', 'culture', 'innovation', 'thinking', '15 years', 'company', 'pioneers', 'millions', 'discovery', 'implementation', 'firm', 'member', 'Fame', 'Future']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,prnewswire.com
3801,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.defenseworld.net/2022/04/28/brokers-issue-forecasts-for-deutsche-borse-ags-fy2022-earnings-otcmktsdboey.html,Brokers Issue Forecasts for Deutsche Börse AG’s FY2022 Earnings (OTCMKTS:DBOEY),1 day ago,Deutsche Börse AG (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) – Analysts at Jefferies Financial Group decreased their FY2022 EPS estimates for shares of Deutsche Börse in a report issued on Monday  April 25th. Jefferies Financial Group analyst M. Price now anticipates that the financial services provider will post earnings of $0.87 per share for the year  down from their previous forecast of $0.88. Jefferies Financial Group also issued estimates for Deutsche Börse’s FY2023 earnings at $0.95 EPS and FY2024 earnings at $1.03 EPS.Get Deutsche Börse alerts:Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday  February 9th. The financial services provider reported $0.19 EPS for the quarter  topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.18 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $1.35 billion during the quarter. Deutsche Börse had a net margin of 27.59% and a return on equity of 18.26%.A number of other equities analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Exane BNP Paribas raised shares of Deutsche Börse from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a €180.00 ($193.55) price target on the stock in a research note on Tuesday  March 15th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Deutsche Börse from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Thursday  April 14th. Citigroup cut shares of Deutsche Börse from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday  January 26th. Morgan Stanley increased their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse to €191.00 ($205.38) in a research note on Wednesday  April 20th. Finally  Credit Suisse Group started coverage on shares of Deutsche Börse in a research note on Thursday  April 7th. They issued a “neutral” rating on the stock. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  Deutsche Börse presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $153.86.Shares of Deutsche Börse stock opened at $17.18 on Thursday. Deutsche Börse has a one year low of $14.77 and a one year high of $18.44. The company has a market cap of $32.64 billion  a P/E ratio of 22.31  a PEG ratio of 1.85 and a beta of 0.79. The firm has a fifty day moving average of $17.36 and a two-hundred day moving average of $17.02.About Deutsche Börse (Get Rating)Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business).Read MoreReceive News & Ratings for Deutsche Börse Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Börse and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.06,neutral,0.02,0.86,0.12,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse AG', 'FY2022 Earnings', 'Brokers', 'Forecasts', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'fifty day moving average', 'two-hundred day moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Deutsche Börse alerts', 'Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG', 'Deutsche Börse Daily', 'Jefferies Financial Group analyst', 'Deutsche Börse stock', 'concise daily summary', 'Credit Suisse Group', 'financial services provider', 'Exane BNP Paribas', 'Investment Fund Services', 'Zacks’ consensus estimate', 'average price target', 'Zacks Investment Research', 'other equities analysts', 'FY2022 EPS estimates', 'quarterly earnings data', 'One analyst', 'Financial Derivatives', 'email address', '5) price target', 'Cash Equities', 'consensus rating', 'M. Price', 'price objective', 'research note', 'previous forecast', 'FY2023 earnings', 'FY2024 earnings', 'net margin', 'Morgan Stanley', 'MarketBeat.com', 'market cap', 'P/E ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'exchange organization', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'Foreign Exchange', 'analytics business', 'related companies', 'Get Rating', 'neutral” rating', 'outperform” rating', 'sell” rating', 'buy” rating', 'sell rating', 'buy rating', 'one year', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'latest news', '0.19 EPS', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'shares', 'report', 'Monday', 'April', 'Wednesday', 'February', 'company', 'revenue', 'return', 'equity', 'number', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'Thursday', 'Citigroup', 'January', 'coverage', 'beta', 'firm', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Eurex', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Xetra', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', 'Ratings', '27.', '18.', '€180.00 ($']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,defenseworld.net
3804,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,What a great spring concert at @Clearstream tonight. It was such a pleasure to listen to the 6 young musicians from… https://t.co/HLtCw6PgVJ,nan,What a great spring concert at @Clearstream tonight. It was such a pleasure to listen to the 6 young musicians from… https://t.co/HLtCw6PgVJ,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['great spring concert', '6 young musicians', 'pleasure', 'HLtCw6PgVJ', 'great spring concert', '6 young musicians', 'pleasure', 'HLtCw6PgVJ']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,Unknown
3805,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@StateStreetGA @Clearstream @deborahfuhr Missed any sessions? Register and you'll receive recordings of the session… https://t.co/aSnZDxK2AS,nan,@StateStreetGA @Clearstream @deborahfuhr Missed any sessions? Register and you'll receive recordings of the session… https://t.co/aSnZDxK2AS,negative,0.02,0.11,0.87,negative,0.02,0.11,0.87,True,English,"['StateStreetGA', 'Clearstream', 'deborahfuhr', 'sessions', 'Register', 'recordings', 'aSnZDxK2AS', 'StateStreetGA', 'Clearstream', 'deborahfuhr', 'sessions', 'Register', 'recordings', 'aSnZDxK2AS']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,Unknown
3806,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct has launched its ClearStream HORIZON antenna and Jolt Switch amp to provide better public TV signal… https://t.co/CeazCp7TNF,nan,Antennas Direct has launched its ClearStream HORIZON antenna and Jolt Switch amp to provide better public TV signal… https://t.co/CeazCp7TNF,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream HORIZON antenna', 'Jolt Switch amp', 'public TV signal', 'Antennas Direct', 'CeazCp7TNF', 'ClearStream HORIZON antenna', 'Jolt Switch amp', 'public TV signal', 'Antennas Direct', 'CeazCp7TNF']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,Unknown
3807,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,There's something #NEW on the Horizon...INTRODUCING the ClearStream HORIZON Amplified Indoor HDTV Antenna!The H… https://t.co/JsNLWIw0jT,nan,There's something #NEW on the Horizon...INTRODUCING the ClearStream HORIZON Amplified Indoor HDTV Antenna!The H… https://t.co/JsNLWIw0jT,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.03,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.03,True,English,"['ClearStream HORIZON Amplified Indoor HDTV Antenna', 'something', 'JsNLWIw0jT', 'ClearStream HORIZON Amplified Indoor HDTV Antenna', 'something', 'JsNLWIw0jT']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,Unknown
3808,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.defenseworld.net/2022/04/28/brokers-issue-forecasts-for-deutsche-borse-ags-fy2022-earnings-otcmktsdboey.html,Brokers Issue Forecasts for Deutsche Börse AG’s FY2022 Earnings (OTCMKTS:DBOEY),1 day ago,Deutsche Börse AG (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) – Analysts at Jefferies Financial Group decreased their FY2022 EPS estimates for shares of Deutsche Börse in a report issued on Monday  April 25th. Jefferies Financial Group analyst M. Price now anticipates that the financial services provider will post earnings of $0.87 per share for the year  down from their previous forecast of $0.88. Jefferies Financial Group also issued estimates for Deutsche Börse’s FY2023 earnings at $0.95 EPS and FY2024 earnings at $1.03 EPS.Get Deutsche Börse alerts:Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday  February 9th. The financial services provider reported $0.19 EPS for the quarter  topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.18 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $1.35 billion during the quarter. Deutsche Börse had a net margin of 27.59% and a return on equity of 18.26%.A number of other equities analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Exane BNP Paribas raised shares of Deutsche Börse from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a €180.00 ($193.55) price target on the stock in a research note on Tuesday  March 15th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Deutsche Börse from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Thursday  April 14th. Citigroup cut shares of Deutsche Börse from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday  January 26th. Morgan Stanley increased their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse to €191.00 ($205.38) in a research note on Wednesday  April 20th. Finally  Credit Suisse Group started coverage on shares of Deutsche Börse in a research note on Thursday  April 7th. They issued a “neutral” rating on the stock. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  Deutsche Börse presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $153.86.Shares of Deutsche Börse stock opened at $17.18 on Thursday. Deutsche Börse has a one year low of $14.77 and a one year high of $18.44. The company has a market cap of $32.64 billion  a P/E ratio of 22.31  a PEG ratio of 1.85 and a beta of 0.79. The firm has a fifty day moving average of $17.36 and a two-hundred day moving average of $17.02.About Deutsche Börse (Get Rating)Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business).Read MoreReceive News & Ratings for Deutsche Börse Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Börse and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.06,neutral,0.02,0.86,0.12,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse AG', 'FY2022 Earnings', 'Brokers', 'Forecasts', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'fifty day moving average', 'two-hundred day moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Deutsche Börse alerts', 'Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG', 'Deutsche Börse Daily', 'Jefferies Financial Group analyst', 'Deutsche Börse stock', 'concise daily summary', 'Credit Suisse Group', 'financial services provider', 'Exane BNP Paribas', 'Investment Fund Services', 'Zacks’ consensus estimate', 'average price target', 'Zacks Investment Research', 'other equities analysts', 'FY2022 EPS estimates', 'quarterly earnings data', 'One analyst', 'Financial Derivatives', 'email address', '5) price target', 'Cash Equities', 'consensus rating', 'M. Price', 'price objective', 'research note', 'previous forecast', 'FY2023 earnings', 'FY2024 earnings', 'net margin', 'Morgan Stanley', 'MarketBeat.com', 'market cap', 'P/E ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'exchange organization', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'Foreign Exchange', 'analytics business', 'related companies', 'Get Rating', 'neutral” rating', 'outperform” rating', 'sell” rating', 'buy” rating', 'sell rating', 'buy rating', 'one year', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'latest news', '0.19 EPS', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'shares', 'report', 'Monday', 'April', 'Wednesday', 'February', 'company', 'revenue', 'return', 'equity', 'number', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'Thursday', 'Citigroup', 'January', 'coverage', 'beta', 'firm', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Eurex', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Xetra', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', 'Ratings', '27.', '18.', '€180.00 ($']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,defenseworld.net
3809,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.etfstream.com/news/wisdomtree-launches-recycling-decarbonisation-etf/,WisdomTree launches recycling decarbonisation ETF,1 day ago,"WisdomTree launches recycling decarbonisation ETFWisdomTree has launched a recycled decarbonisation ETF investing in companies that generate energy from waste products.The WisdomTree Recycling Decarbonisation UCITS ETF (WRCY) is listed on the London Stock Exchange  Deutsche Boerse and Borsa Italiana with a total expense ratio of 0.45%.WRCY tracks the Tortoise Recycling Decarbonisation UCITS index made up of 44 companies that derive revenue or own assets from waste-to-energy recycling businesses.These will typically take rubbish waste  animal manure  agriculture products and animal fats and produce renewable natural gas  ethanol  biomass and renewable diesel.Stocks will be selected from the TortoiseEcofin proprietary database of 462 global energy companies with an aggregate market cap of $8trn.Individual securities will be capped at 7% of the index and must have a market cap of at least $200m for two consecutive quarters.Companies that do not meet the Global Screen Standards or are involved in controversial weapons  tobacco or thermal coal activities will be excluded from the index. The ETF will be labelled Article 9 under the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation.Alexis Marinof (pictured)  head of Europe at WisdomTree  said: “WRCY is the world’s first ETF focused solely on recycling and decarbonisation  representing a big step forward for the industry as thematic ETFs continue to attract the interest of European investors looking for long-term growth opportunities.""Christopher Gannatti  global head of research at WisdomTree  added: “Reducing the speed and effects of climate change is one of the greatest challenges facing humanity today.""Moving to renewable and sustainable sources of energy is fundamental to our ability to limit greenhouse gas emissions and keep global warming below 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels.""Last week  the firm launched two commodity ETFs  The WisdomTree Battery Metals ETC (WATT) and the WisdomTree Energy Transition Metal ETC (WENT).In March  WisdomTree expanded its crypto range with cardano  polkadot and solana exchange-traded products  as well as four short and leveraged ETPs tracking the travel and leisure  oil and gas and automobile sectors.Related articles",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['recycling decarbonisation ETF', 'WisdomTree', 'The WisdomTree Recycling Decarbonisation UCITS ETF', 'The WisdomTree Battery Metals ETC', 'WisdomTree Energy Transition Metal ETC', 'Tortoise Recycling Decarbonisation UCITS index', 'Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation', 'recycling decarbonisation ETF', 'recycled decarbonisation ETF', 'energy recycling businesses', 'London Stock Exchange', 'total expense ratio', 'TortoiseEcofin proprietary database', 'two consecutive quarters', 'thermal coal activities', 'long-term growth opportunities', 'Global Screen Standards', 'two commodity ETFs', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'solana exchange-traded products', 'aggregate market cap', 'renewable natural gas', '462 global energy companies', 'first ETF', 'sustainable sources', 'thematic ETFs', 'global warming', 'agriculture products', 'waste products', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Borsa Italiana', 'animal manure', 'animal fats', 'renewable diesel', 'Individual securities', 'controversial weapons', 'Alexis Marinof', 'big step', 'European investors', 'Christopher Gannatti', 'global head', 'climate change', 'greatest challenges', 'pre-industrial levels', 'crypto range', 'four short', 'leveraged ETPs', 'automobile sectors', 'Related articles', 'rubbish waste', '44 companies', 'WRCY', 'revenue', 'assets', 'ethanol', 'biomass', 'Stocks', 'tobacco', 'world', 'industry', 'interest', 'research', 'speed', 'effects', 'humanity', 'ability', '2 degrees', 'firm', 'WATT', 'WENT', 'March', 'cardano', 'polkadot', 'travel', 'leisure', 'oil']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,etfstream.com
3819,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse price target raised to EUR 192 from EUR 185 at UBS$DBOEY,nan,Deutsche Boerse price target raised to EUR 192 from EUR 185 at UBS$DBOEY,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse price target', 'UBS', 'DBOEY', 'Deutsche Boerse price target', 'UBS', 'DBOEY']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,Unknown
3820,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@markschaedel  CEO  @marketdatabp and Dr. Sven Wohlfarth  Director of Data Services Operations  @DeutscheBoerse cat… https://t.co/Hzg1qPqSz6,nan,@markschaedel  CEO  @marketdatabp and Dr. Sven Wohlfarth  Director of Data Services Operations  @DeutscheBoerse cat… https://t.co/Hzg1qPqSz6,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Dr. Sven Wohlfarth', 'Data Services Operations', 'DeutscheBoerse cat', 'markschaedel', 'CEO', 'marketdatabp', 'Director', 'Hzg1qPqSz6', 'Dr. Sven Wohlfarth', 'Data Services Operations', 'DeutscheBoerse cat', 'markschaedel', 'CEO', 'marketdatabp', 'Director', 'Hzg1qPqSz6']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,Unknown
3821,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,#20YearsEnviTecBiogas – milestones in the history of our company2007🐂Deutsche Börse welcomes EnviTec Biogas🔬R&amp;… https://t.co/a3cUOhNkqS,nan,#20YearsEnviTecBiogas – milestones in the history of our company2007🐂Deutsche Börse welcomes EnviTec Biogas🔬R&amp;… https://t.co/a3cUOhNkqS,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.03,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'EnviTec Biogas', 'R&amp', 'milestones', 'history', 'company', 'a3cUOhNkqS', 'Deutsche Börse', 'EnviTec Biogas', 'R&amp', 'milestones', 'history', 'company', 'a3cUOhNkqS']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,Unknown
3822,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Which project do you think should win the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022?Delve into the worlds… https://t.co/qXmx53N6O0,nan,Which project do you think should win the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022?Delve into the worlds… https://t.co/qXmx53N6O0,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.02,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'project', 'worlds', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'project', 'worlds']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,Unknown
3823,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,$DB1 #Deutsche Boerse AG Deutsche Borse : Positive revenue momentum might continue into 2023e:  is greater than Q1 2022 net profit… https://t.co/b4ldHOi8lS,nan,$DB1 #Deutsche Boerse AG Deutsche Borse : Positive revenue momentum might continue into 2023e:  is greater than Q1 2022 net profit… https://t.co/b4ldHOi8lS,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse AG Deutsche Borse', 'Positive revenue momentum', 'Q1 2022 net profit', '2023e', 'Deutsche Boerse AG Deutsche Borse', 'Positive revenue momentum', 'Q1 2022 net profit', '2023e']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,Unknown
3824,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sdrl-seadrill-limited-commences-trading-080000276.html,SDRL: Seadrill Limited commences trading on Euronext Expand,"Seadrill Limited (""Seadrill"" or ""the Company"") (OSE ticker: SDRL) announces that it has commenced trading today of Seadrill's common shares on Euronext...","HAMILTON  Bermuda  April 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Seadrill Limited (""Seadrill"" or ""the Company"") (OSE ticker: SDRL) announces that it has commenced trading today of Seadrill's common shares on Euronext Expand.Simon Johnson  Seadrill's Chief Executive Officer  commented  ""Seadrill's proven record of delivering safe and efficient operations to our customers globally is fundamental to our value proposition. We have the youngest  most technologically-advanced fleet in the industry operated by highly experienced crews. Our clean balance sheet  industry-leading backlog  and strategic partnerships across markets position Seadrill to create unique value in an offshore drilling industry undergoing transformation. I extend my gratitude to Seadrill's employees  customers  shareholders  and suppliers for their combined contributions in achieving this listing milestone.""To view the OSE opening bell with Øivind Amundsen  CEO Oslo Børs  and a message from Simon Johnson  CEO Seadrill  marking the event of Seadrill's listing  visit www.euronext.com.Seadrill is expected to uplist to the main market of the Oslo Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange later this year.About SeadrillSeadrill is a leading offshore drilling contractor utilizing advanced technology to unlock oil and gas resources for clients across harsh and benign locations around the globe. Seadrill's high-quality  technologically-advanced fleet spans all asset classes allowing its experienced crews to conduct operations from shallow to ultra-deep-water environments. The Company owns and/or operates 30 rigs  which includes drillships  semi-submersibles  and jack-ups.FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis news release includes forward-looking statements. Such statements are generally not historical in nature  and specifically include statements about the Company's plans  strategies  business prospects  changes and trends in its business and the markets in which it operates. These statements are made based upon management's current plans  expectations  assumptions and beliefs concerning future events impacting the Company and therefore involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this news release. Consequently  no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. When considering these forward-looking statements  you should keep in mind the risks described from time to time in the Company's regulatory filings and periodical reporting. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time  and it is not possible for the Company to predict all of these factors. Further  the Company cannot assess the impact of each such factor on its business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to be materially different from those contained in any forward looking statement.Story continuesThis information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comMedia questions should be directed to:Sara DunneDirector of Communicationscommunications@seadrill.com+ 1 281 630 7064Analyst questions should be directed to:Hawthorn Advisorsseadrill@hawthornadvisors.com+44 (0) 203 7454960CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sdrl-seadrill-limited-commences-trading-on-euronext-expand-301535059.htmlSOURCE Seadrill Limited",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.19,0.28,0.53,True,English,"['Seadrill Limited', 'SDRL', 'trading', 'Euronext', 'leading offshore drilling contractor', 'CEO Oslo Børs', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'clean balance sheet', 'offshore drilling industry', 'OSE opening bell', 'high-quality, technologically-advanced fleet', 'forward looking statements', 'SOURCE Seadrill Limited', 'OSE ticker', 'New factors', 'CEO Seadrill', 'common shares', 'Simon Johnson', 'proven record', 'value proposition', 'experienced crews', 'industry-leading backlog', 'strategic partnerships', 'unique value', 'Øivind Amundsen', 'main market', 'advanced technology', 'gas resources', 'benign locations', 'asset classes', 'ultra-deep-water environments', 'actual results', 'regulatory filings', 'periodical reporting', 'disclosure requirements', 'Media questions', 'Sara Dunne', 'Analyst questions', 'Hawthorn Advisors', 'original content', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Such statements', 'news release', 'future events', 'unanticipated events', 'efficient operations', 'listing milestone', 'current plans', 'Euronext Expand', 'business prospects', 'The Company', 'HAMILTON', 'Bermuda', 'April', 'SDRL', 'safe', 'customers', 'markets', 'transformation', 'gratitude', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'suppliers', 'contributions', 'message', 'oil', 'clients', 'harsh', 'globe', 'shallow', '30 rigs', 'drillships', 'semi-submersibles', 'jack-ups', 'historical', 'nature', 'strategies', 'changes', 'trends', 'management', 'expectations', 'assumptions', 'beliefs', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'date', 'mind', 'time', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'impact', 'extent', 'combination', 'Story', 'information', 'section', 'Cision', 'Director', 'Communications', 'hawthornadvisors', 'prnewswire', 'news-releases', '44']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3825,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/statement-total-voting-rights-shares-143500550.html,Statement of total voting rights and shares forming the company’s share capital as of April 11  2022,Article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code Market : Euronext ParisISIN code / Mnemo : FR0013233012 / IVAWeb site : www.inventivapharma.com DateNumber ...,INVENTIVAArticle R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial CodeMarket : Euronext ParisISIN code / Mnemo : FR0013233012 / IVAWeb site : www . i n v e n t i v a p ha r m a. c omDate Number of Shares OutstandingTotal voting rights gross (1)Total voting rights net (2) April 11  2022 40 873 551 52 801 409 52 741 093The total number of gross (or “theoretical”) voting rights is used as the basis for calculating threshold crossings. In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulations  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including those for which voting rights have been suspended. The total number of net (or “exercisable at a Shareholders’ Meeting”) voting rights is calculated without taking into account shares for which voting rights have been suspended  i.e. treasury shares (including shares purchased under the liquidity contract). It is released in order to ensure that the public is properly informed.About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of NASH and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.The Company has established a strategic collaboration with AbbVie in the area of autoimmune diseases that resulted in the discovery of the drug candidate cedirogant (ABBV-157)  an oral RORg inverse agonist which is being evaluated in a Phase IIb clinical trial  led by AbbVie  in adult patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis. Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult mucopolysaccharidoses (MPS) VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signalling pathway program.Story continuesThe Company has a scientific team of approximately 80 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly‑owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment C of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA - ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.com .Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects of Inventiva. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  enrollment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the current COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  which could delay the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines or at all. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 11  2022 and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11  2022 for additional information in relation to such factors  risks and uncertainties.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above.ContactsInventivaFrédéric Cren Chairman & CEO info@inventivapharma.com +1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupLaurence Frost /Tristan Roquet Montegon /Aude LepreuxMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513 1284Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.2,0.24,0.56,True,English,"['total voting rights', 'share capital', 'Statement', 'shares', 'company', 'April', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'pivotal Phase III clinical trial', 'significant unmet medical need', 'progressive chronic liver disease', 'oral RORg inverse agonist', 'severe chronic plaque psoriasis', 'Hippo signalling pathway program', 'Phase IIb clinical trial', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'French Commercial Code Market', 'clinical trial results', 'AMF General Regulations', '240,000 pharmacologically relevant molecules', 'safe harbor provisions', 'necessary regulatory approvals', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'MPS) VI patients', 'lead product candidate', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'theoretical”) voting rights', 'future clinical trials', 'Total voting rights', 'oncology development candidate', 'pipeline product candidates', 'other forward-looking statements', 'clinical development plans', 'clinical efforts', 'ISIN code', 'other diseases', 'candidate cedirogant', 'future results', 'adult patients', 'total number', 'Actual results', 'future activities', 'future events', 'Euronext Paris', 'Web site', 'threshold crossings', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'liquidity contract', 'strong expertise', 'nuclear receptors', 'epigenetic modulation', 'strategic collaboration', 'autoimmune diseases', 'moderate to', 'drug candidate', 'adult mucopolysaccharidoses', 'available options', 'scientific team', 'deep expertise', 'computational chemistry', 'extensive library', 'compartment C', 'United States', 'Important Notice', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'unknown risks', 'Actual events', 'development facility', 'The Company', 'future expectations', 'Article R.', 'transcription factors', 'public company', 'expected timeline', 'Such statements', 'Date Number', 'treasury shares', 'INVENTIVA', 'Mnemo', 'April', 'gross', 'basis', 'accordance', 'account', 'order', 'research', 'treatment', 'NASH', 'experience', 'domain', 'compounds', 'lanifibranor', 'NATiV', 'common', 'AbbVie', 'area', 'discovery', 'odiparcil', 'decision', 'respect', 'potential', 'process', 'Story', '80 people', 'fields', 'biology', 'medicinal', 'pharmacokinetics', 'pharmacology', 'meaning', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'preclinical', 'growth', 'prospects', 'use', 'words', 'limitation', 'believes', 'expects', 'seeks', 'management', 'beliefs', 'views', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'control', 'guarantees', 'milestones', 'partners', 'achievements']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3826,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/quadient-receives-ecovadis-platinum-rating-063000109.html,Quadient Receives EcoVadis’ Platinum Rating for Sustainability Performance,Paris Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announced ...,QUADIENTParisQuadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announced today EcoVadis has awarded Quadient its Platinum rating  its highest level for sustainability performance. Achieving Platinum status positions Quadient in the top 1% of the companies rated by EcoVadis in its industry  elevating Quadient’s already-high Gold rating that it had achieved during the previous three consecutive years.Leading to this outstanding achievement  Quadient launched many new initiatives in 2021 to strengthen its commitment to sustainability  including but not limited to:Quadient has accelerated its efforts in the past year to define a low-carbon strategy with set targets and initiatives. To this end  the company announced its commitment in 2021 to the 2015 Paris Agreement  aimed at contributing to limiting average global warming.Quadient launched a new philanthropy program  Quadient Cares  which is a community engagement program built for employees that embodies the company’s values and supports the following causes: quality education and decent work  inclusion and diversity  and the environment.Quadient announced in July 2021 to be a predominantly “remote” workplace  meaning at least 80% of employees will enjoy a flexible working environment.“EcoVadis’ Platinum status is a milestone in the company’s transformation. Each year we take additional steps to improve Quadient’s impact as a sustainable and ethical company and this progression from Gold to Platinum is a testament to the strength and commitment of our entire organization to this cause ” said Brandon Batt  chief transformation officer  Quadient. “Our Corporate Social Responsibility program remains committed to the highest global sustainability standards that not only give our company a competitive advantage  but also allow us to deliver a superior level of customer satisfaction.”Quadient's approach to corporate responsibility is based on improving the working conditions of its people  promoting a culture of integrity and ethical business practices  reducing its environmental footprint  providing innovative  reliable  and sustainable solutions  and supporting the communities in which the company operates.Story continuesEcoVadis is a provider of business sustainability ratings  intelligence and collaborative performance improvement tools for global supply chains. EcoVadis certifies companies’ commitment to sustainable development  backed by a technology platform and a rating methodology based on international sustainable development standards  such as the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)  the United Nations Global Compact and ISO 26000. The Sustainability Scorecard illustrates performance across 21 indicators in four themes: environment  labor and human rights  ethics and sustainable procurement. Learn more at www.ecovadis.com.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1 203-301-3673 +1-630-964-8500 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['EcoVadis’ Platinum Rating', 'Sustainability Performance', 'Quadient', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'previous three consecutive years', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'three key solution areas', 'collaborative performance improvement tools', 'highest global sustainability standards', 'Corporate Social Responsibility program', 'international sustainable development standards', 'Platinum status positions Quadient', 'average global warming', 'global supply chains', 'Global Reporting Initiative', 'new philanthropy program', 'community engagement program', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'meaningful customer connections', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'customer experience excellence', 'business sustainability ratings', 'The Sustainability Scorecard', 'ethical business practices', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'many new initiatives', 'chief transformation officer', 'Contacts Joe Scolaro', 'high Gold rating', 'EcoVadis’ Platinum status', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'flexible working environment', 'corporate responsibility', 'highest level', 'sustainability performance', 'Platinum rating', 'customer satisfaction', 'sustainable solutions', 'working conditions', 'rating methodology', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'sustainable procurement', 'physical channels', 'outstanding achievement', 'past year', 'low-carbon strategy', 'following causes', 'quality education', 'decent work', 'remote” workplace', 'additional steps', 'entire organization', 'Brandon Batt', 'competitive advantage', 'superior level', 'environmental footprint', 'technology platform', 'four themes', 'human rights', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'Euronext Paris', '2015 Paris Agreement', 'ethical company', 'Quadient Cares', 'companies’ commitment', 'Quadient®', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'digital', 'industry', 'efforts', 'set', 'targets', 'end', 'employees', 'values', 'inclusion', 'diversity', 'July', 'milestone', 'impact', 'progression', 'testament', 'strength', 'approach', 'people', 'culture', 'integrity', 'communities', 'Story', 'provider', 'intelligence', 'ISO', '21 indicators', 'ethics', 'world', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'customers', 'quest', 'information', 'Media', 'Communications', 'sterlingkilgore', 'Attachment']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3827,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/argenx-report-first-quarter-2022-050000005.html,argenx to Report First Quarter 2022 Financial Results and Business Update on May 5  2022,April 28  2022Breda  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering...,argenx SEApril 28  2022Breda  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that it will host a conference call and audio webcast on Thursday  May 5  2022 at 2:30 pm CET (8:30 am ET) to discuss its first quarter 2022 financial results and provide a business update.A webcast of the live call may be accessed on the Investors section of the argenx website at argenx.com/investors. A replay of the webcast will be available on the argenx website for approximately one year following the call.Dial-in numbers:Use the access code 073235 to join the call. Please dial in 15 minutes prior to the live call.Belgium 32 800 548 13United Kingdom 44 808 189 6484United States 1 844 200 6205All other locations 1 929 526 1599About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and-only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S. and Japan. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.For further information  please contact:Media:Kelsey Kirkkkirk@argenx.comInvestors:Beth DelGiaccobdelgiacco@argenx.comMichelle Greenblattmgreenblatt@argenx.com,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['First Quarter 2022 Financial Results', 'Business Update', 'argenx', 'May', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'first quarter 2022 financial results', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'Beth DelGiacco bdelgiacco', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'global immunology company', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'The Company', 'business update', 'one year', 'access code', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'other locations', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'U.S.', 'therapeutic franchises', 'Kelsey Kirk', 'Michelle Greenblatt', 'conference call', 'live call', 'audio webcast', 'Investors section', 'argenx SE', 'argenx website', 'April', 'Breda', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'Thursday', 'May', 'replay', 'numbers', '15 minutes', 'Belgium', 'IIP', 'Japan', 'efgartigimod', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Media', 'kkirk', 'mgreenblatt', '2:30']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3829,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trust-stamp-launches-biometric-multi-120000524.html,Trust Stamp Launches Biometric Multi-Factor Authentication Solution,A simple selfie that replaces one-time passcodes and multi-app user authenticationAtlanta  GA  April 28  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Trust Stamp (Nasdaq: IDAI  ...,Trust StampA simple selfie that replaces one-time passcodes and multi-app user authenticationAtlanta  GA  April 28  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Trust Stamp (Nasdaq: IDAI  Euronext Growth: AIID ID)  the Privacy-First Identity CompanyTM  announces the launch of its Biometric Multi-Factor Authentication (Biometric MFATM) solution. The first-of-its-kind Biometric MFATM streamlines robust identity assurance with a simple selfie. Built on Trust Stamp’s advanced biometric tokenization  Biometric MFATM is spoof-resistant  verifies liveness  and replaces or supplements vulnerable one-time passcodes (“OTP”).Learn more about the transformational Biometric MFATM solution and become a Trust Stamp partner here.Biometric MFATM sits wherever OTP is currently deployed in an authentication process  providing a low-friction alternative that is more secure and privacy-positive. With one step  Biometric MFATM adds a second and third authentication factor by testing liveness and irreversibly tokenizing data from a simple selfie  eliminating the need for passcodes from SMS  email  authenticator apps  or hardware tokens.Trust Stamp’s biometric authentication and data tokenization technologies have demonstrated success in enterprise implementations  with increased customer retention and reduced fraud losses. With established efficiency at scale  the unique Biometric MFATM offering is at the cutting-edge of digital transformation. Forward-thinking organizations can now craft dynamic digital journeys that keep pace with global customer desires and needs  as well as the evolving fraud landscape.“Device-based multi-factor authentication is vulnerable ” says Kinny Chan  Trust Stamp’s Chief Commercial Officer. “Passwords and passcodes aren’t enough to ensure that genuine  authorized users are accessing their own accounts or initiating transactions. Biometric MFATM lets partners layer intuitive  convenient  and seamless identity authentication where vulnerable passcodes are used today.”Story continuesTrust Stamp’s Identity Orchestration Platform streamlines delivery and implementation of the Company’s technologies through a low-code approach. With applicability across the full identity lifecycle  including onboarding  KYC/AML  Biometric MFATM  account recovery  fraud prevention  compliance  and more  the platform puts partners in a position to develop and deliver value-added solutions  create new business opportunities  and grow commercial potential with innovative  privacy-first services.EnquiriesTrust Stamp Email: Shareholders@truststamp.aiGareth Genner  Chief Executive OfficerNisha Naik  Executive VP of CommunicationsDavy (Euronext Growth Advisor) Tel: +353 1 679 6363Barry MurphyInvestor Relations Tel: +1 212-671-1021Crescendo Communications Email: idai@crescendo-ir.comAbout Trust StampTrust Stamp  the Privacy-First Identity CompanyTM  is a global provider of AI-powered identity services for use in multiple sectors including banking and finance  regulatory compliance  government  real estate  communications  and humanitarian services. Its technology empowers organizations with advanced biometric identity solutions that reduce fraud  protect personal data privacy  increase operational efficiency  and reach a broader base of users worldwide through its unique data transformation and comparison capabilities.Located in seven countries across North America  Europe  Asia  and Africa  Trust Stamp trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market (Nasdaq: IDAI) and Euronext Growth in Dublin (Euronext Growth: AIID ID). Founded in 2016 by Gareth Genner and Andrew Gowasack  the company now employs over 100 people.Safe Harbor Statement: Caution Concerning Forward-Looking RemarksAll statements in this release that are not based on historical fact are “forward-looking statements” including within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. The information in this announcement may contain forward-looking statements and information related to  among other things  the company  its business plan and strategy  and its industry. These statements reflect management’s current views with respect to future events-based information currently available and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date on which they are made. The company does not undertake any obligation to revise or update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.1,0.23,0.66,True,English,"['Biometric Multi-Factor Authentication Solution', 'Trust Stamp', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'transformational Biometric MFATM solution', 'unique Biometric MFATM offering', 'advanced biometric identity solutions', 'Enquiries Trust Stamp Email', 'Trust Stamp Trust Stamp', 'Securities Exchange Act', 'advanced biometric tokenization', 'Privacy-First Identity CompanyTM', 'robust identity assurance', 'full identity lifecycle', 'Safe Harbor Statement', 'Biometric MFATM) solution', 'seamless identity authentication', 'AI-powered identity services', 'multi-app user authentication', 'third authentication factor', 'Device-based multi-factor authentication', 'innovative, privacy-first services', 'dynamic digital journeys', 'Chief Commercial Officer', 'new business opportunities', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'personal data privacy', 'unique data transformation', 'Biometric Multi-Factor Authentication', 'kind Biometric MFATM', 'Trust Stamp partner', 'Identity Orchestration Platform', 'global customer desires', 'evolving fraud landscape', 'genuine, authorized users', 'Nasdaq Capital Market', 'future events-based information', 'data tokenization technologies', 'Euronext Growth Advisor', 'vulnerable one-time passcodes', 'Securities Act', 'biometric authentication', 'digital transformation', 'value-added solutions', 'authentication process', 'humanitarian services', 'Stamp trades', 'customer retention', 'commercial potential', 'Executive VP', 'global provider', 'business plan', 'vulnerable passcodes', 'simple selfie', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'AIID ID', 'low-friction alternative', 'one step', 'authenticator apps', 'hardware tokens', 'enterprise implementations', 'fraud losses', 'Kinny Chan', 'low-code approach', 'account recovery', 'fraud prevention', 'Gareth Genner', 'Nisha Naik', 'Barry Murphy', 'Investor Relations', 'multiple sectors', 'real estate', 'broader base', 'comparison capabilities', 'seven countries', 'North America', 'Andrew Gowasack', 'Forward-Looking Remarks', 'historical fact', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'other things', 'current views', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'looking statements', 'Communications Davy', 'Crescendo Communications', 'Forward-thinking organizations', 'regulatory compliance', 'operational efficiency', 'unanticipated events', 'Atlanta', 'April', 'IDAI', 'launch', 'liveness', 'OTP', 'second', 'need', 'SMS', 'success', 'scale', 'cutting-edge', 'pace', 'Passwords', 'accounts', 'transactions', 'partners', 'Story', 'delivery', 'applicability', 'onboarding', 'KYC/AML', 'position', 'Shareholders', 'truststamp', 'Tel', 'banking', 'finance', 'government', 'technology', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Africa', 'Dublin', '100 people', 'Caution', 'release', 'meaning', 'provisions', 'announcement', 'strategy', 'industry', 'management', 'respect', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'Investors', 'date', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'occurrence']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3830,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nyxoah-release-first-quarter-2022-203000252.html,Nyxoah to Release First Quarter 2022 Financial Results on May 9 and Host Conference Call on May 10  2022,Nyxoah to Release First Quarter 2022 Financial Results on May 9 and Host Conference Call on May 10  2022 Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – April 28  2022  10...,NyxoahNyxoah to Release First Quarter 2022 Financial Results on May 9 and Host Conference Call on May 10  2022Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – April 28  2022  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH)(“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today announced that the Company will release financial results for the first quarter of 2022 on Monday  May 9  2022  after the market close. Company management will host a conference call to discuss financial results on Tuesday  May 10  2022  beginning at 2:00pm CET / 8:00am ET.Investors interested in listening to the conference call may do so by dialing (844) 260-3718 for those in the U.S.  0800 73264 for those in Belgium  or (929) 517-0938 for international callers  followed by Conference ID 8444917. A live and archived webcast of the event will be available on the Company’s investor relations website at https://investors.nyxoah.com .About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Nyxoah completed two successful IPOs: on Euronext Brussels in September 2020 and NASDAQ in July 2021. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and US commercialization approval.Story continuesFor more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Contacts:NyxoahLoic Moreau  Chief Financial Officercorporate@nyxoah.com+32 473 33 19 80Jeremy Feffer  VP IR and Corporate Communicationsjeremy.feffer@nyxoah.com+1 917 749 1494Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,positive,0.57,0.38,0.05,True,English,"['First Quarter 2022 Financial Results', 'Conference Call', 'Nyxoah', 'May', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', 'DREAM IDE pivotal study', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'U.S. federal law', 'First Quarter 2022 Financial Results', 'BETTER SLEEP study', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'investor relations website', 'increased mortality risk', 'European CE Mark', 'CE mark approval', 'Complete Concentric Collapse', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'two successful IPOs', 'BLAST OSA study', 'medical technology company', 'US commercialization approval', 'Nyxoah Loic Moreau', 'competitors’ therapy', 'successful completion', 'Conference Call', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'international callers', 'Conference ID', 'lead solution', 'Genio® system', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'positive outcomes', 'therapeutic indications', 'CCC) patients', 'Investigational device', 'United States', 'investigational use', 'VP IR', 'Corporate Communications', 'Company management', 'OSA patients', '10:30pm CET', 'Nyxoah SA', 'Jeremy Feffer', '4:30pm', 'May', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'April', 'NYXH', 'development', 'Monday', 'market', 'Tuesday', '2:00pm', '8:00am', 'Investors', 'live', 'webcast', 'event', 'world', 'vision', 'life', 'September', 'July', 'expansion', 'FDA', 'Story', 'information', 'Caution', 'Contacts', 'Attachment', '0800']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3831,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nextensa-nv-sa-shares-repurchase-154000778.html,Nextensa NV/SA : Shares repurchase,PRESS RELEASE REGULATED INFORMATIONBrussels  28 April 2022 – 5.40 PM CEST Nextensa NV/SA : Shares repurchase In accordance with article 8:4 of the Royal...,Nextensa NVPRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATIONBrussels  28 April 2022 – 5.40 PM CESTNextensa NV/SA : Shares repurchaseIn accordance with article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 in execution of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations  Nextensa announces that in the period between April 21  2022 and April 27  2022 included it has repurchased 1 700 treasury shares on Euronext Brussels as part of its announced share buy-back program1. The shares were repurchased at an average price (rounded) of € 69.90 per share. This share repurchase transaction was carried out to cover the purchase plans for the benefit of the executive management of Nextensa  and this within the limits set down in the (renewed) share repurchase authorization as granted by the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders on 19 July 2021.Detailed operations per dayDate Number of shares Average price (€) Minimum price (€) Maximum price (€) Total price (€) 21/04/2022 349 69.15 68.70 69.40 24 133.60 22/04/2022 303 69.40 69.40 69.40 21 028.20 25/04/2022 188 69.20 69.20 69.20 13 009.60 26/04/2022 500 71.00 71.00 71.00 35 500.00 27/04/2022 360 69.89 69.90 70.30 25 161.10 Total 1 700 69.90 118 832.50Following the above transactions  the total number of treasury shares amounts to 56 497 (0.56% out of a total of 10 002 102 shares) as of 27 April 2022.For more informationMichel Van Geyte Chief Executive Officer+32 3 238 98 77michel.van.geyte@nextensa.euAbout NextensaNextensa NV/SA (previously named Leasinvest Real Estate) is a mixed property investor and developer since 19 July 2021. The company’s investment portfolio  which is spread over the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (45%)  Belgium (42%) and Austria (13%)  had a total value on 31/12/2021 of approximately €1.41 billion. Nextensa is one of Luxembourg’s biggest property investors. The development portfolio is spread over the Tour & Taxis (B) and Cloche d’Or (L) sites  where mixed (residential and office) developments are ongoing and new sub-projects will be launched in the coming years. In addition  there is also a development pipeline in Belgium and Luxembourg of more than 300 000 m² of offices and residential real estate. The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and it has a market capitalisation of € 705 1 million (value on 27/04/2022).Story continuesCfr. Press release « Shares repurchase »  dd. December 8  2021.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Nextensa NV/SA', 'Shares', 'repurchase', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'biggest property investors', 'Cloche d’Or', 'share buy-back program', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'share repurchase transaction', 'share repurchase authorization', 'mixed property investor', 'residential real estate', 'Michel Van Geyte', 'executive management', 'Shares repurchase', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Royal Decree', 'Belgian Code', 'average price', 'purchase plans', 'Detailed operations', 'Date Number', 'Minimum price', 'Maximum price', 'investment portfolio', 'Grand Duchy', 'development portfolio', 'L) sites', 'office) developments', 'new sub-projects', 'coming years', 'development pipeline', 'market capitalisation', 'Total price', 'total number', 'Euronext Brussels', '1,700 treasury shares', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Nextensa NV', 'total value', '10,002,102 shares', '28 April', 'CEST', 'accordance', 'article', '29 April', 'execution', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'period', 'part', 'benefit', 'limits', 'shareholders', '19 July', 'day', 'transactions', '27 April', 'developer', 'company', 'Luxembourg', 'Belgium', 'Austria', '31/12', 'Tour', 'Taxis', 'addition', '300,000 m²', 'offices', '27/04', 'Story', 'December', 'Attachment', '5.40']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3832,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-buyback-transaction-details-april-080000339.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 21 – April 27  2022,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 21 – April 27  2022 April 28  2022 - Wolters Kluwer today reports that it has repurchased 140 225 of its own ordinary...,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 21 – April 27  2022April 28  2022 - Wolters Kluwer today reports that it has repurchased 140 225 of its own ordinary shares in the period from April 21  2022  up to and including April 27  2022  for €13.5 million and at an average share price of €96.09.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 23  2022  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to €600 million during 2022.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2022Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2022 to date 2 255 957 208.5 92.42For the period starting February 25  2022  up to and including May 2  2022  we have engaged a third party to execute €120 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Story continuesWolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn   and YouTube .Media Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.13,0.33,0.54,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'April', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Further information', 'global leader', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'April', 'repurchases', 'February', 'date', 'May', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'particular', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'Netherlands', 'Story', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3833,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220427005874/en/Axway-Software-Q1-2022-Revenue-of-%E2%82%AC66.9-Million-Above-Forecasts,Axway Software: Q1 2022 Revenue of €66.9 Million  Above Forecasts,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: In Q1 2022  Axway (Euronext: AXW.PA) (Paris:AXW) made a good start to the year by continuing to accelerate its move towards a business model based primarily on subscription contracts. Over the period  new contract sign…,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:In Q1 2022  Axway (Euronext: AXW.PA) (Paris:AXW) made a good start to the year by continuing to accelerate its move towards a business model based primarily on subscription contracts. Over the period  new contract signatures exceeded internal forecasts and revenue was above analysts' expectations. While the performance of Q1 2021 established a high comparison base  the company did not anticipate a particular increase in its activity level and is therefore satisfied with the dynamics observed in the first 3 months of the year.The decrease in revenue compared to Q1 2021 is mainly due to the success of the subscription contracts managed by Axway in the cloud on behalf of its customers  which  unlike subscription contracts managed by the customers themselves  do not result in the early recognition of upfront revenue. As a result  several of the most important subscription deals signed during the period will only have an impact on revenue growth in the coming quarters.On the product side  the company continued to see strong interest in its 4 key offerings:- the Amplify platform has been chosen by several major clients in Latin America  Asia/Pacific and Europe thanks to the relevance of its development roadmap - in addition to the closing of a significant customer managed subscription contract with a TCV of €3.5 million  over the quarter  the MFT solution was reinforced by a new public cloud offering that quickly resulted in several contract signatures - the B2B offering generated the most important Axway managed subscription contract of the quarter thanks to a cloud project with a TCV of €3.1 million - the Digital Finance offer has convinced new key business partners in Europe  including  among others  Accenture.The entire portfolio of offers continues to evolve to always better meet the needs of customers. In addition  during the first quarter of the year  Axway continued to invest in supporting its strategy  particularly in the area of marketing  and observed a growth of nearly 185% in the value of new customers’ contracts compared to Q1 2021.Patrick Donovan  Axway's Chief Executive Officer  said:""We started 2022 with good cadence on all our major projects. By successfully signing major contracts in each of our four regions of operation  we have been able to exceed our internal quarterly forecasts. This dynamic gives us momentum for the second quarter as we continue to evolve our Amplify platform  which marks our differentiation in the market. While the trend towards subscription offerings accelerates and confirms our vision  we continue to offer a very flexible engagement method to our customers to allow them to move at their own pace  according to their needs. In the first quarter we also began the rationalization of our product portfolio  as announced at the time of the publication of our annual results. We will continue our efforts in this area throughout the year  with the objective of focusing on our core offerings to improve our growth and profitability. Finally  it should be noted that during the first three months of the year  the persistent economic and geopolitical uncertainties did not affect the building of our pipeline  which is a good sign for the rest of the year.""Comments on Q1 2022 activityAxway Software: Consolidated revenue 1st Quarter 2022 (€m) Q1 2022 Q1 2021Restated* Q1 2021Reported TotalGrowth Organic Growth Constant CurrencyGrowth Revenue 66.9 68.6 66.3 0.9% -2.4% -2.4% * Revenue at 2022 scope and exchange ratesAxway's revenue for Q1 2022 was €66.9 million  representing total growth of 0.9% and an organic decline of 2.4%. Currency fluctuations had a positive impact of €2.2 million on quarterly revenue  mainly due to the appreciation of the US dollar and the Brazilian real against the euro.Axway Software: Revenue by business line 1st Quarter 2022 (€m) Q1 2022 Q1 2021Restated* Q1 2021Reported TotalGrowth OrganicGrowth License 3.7 4.0 3.8 -3.2% -7.4% Subscription 26.4 24.4 23.7 11.4% 8.2% Maintenance 27.9 30.8 29.8 -6.3% -9.5% Services 9.0 9.3 9.0 -1.0% -4.0% Axway Software 66.9 68.6 66.3 0.9% -2.4% * Revenue at 2022 scope and exchange ratesLicense activity generated revenue of €3.7 million in Q1 2022 (6% of total revenue)  an organic decline of 7.4 % compared to the previous year. Despite heterogeneous regional situations  overall activity was down on the solid commercial performance of Q1 2021. As for more than 2 years  the flexibility of the subscription-based offerings continues to convince a majority of customers. However  Axway anticipates a clear slowdown in License activity revenue decline over the full year compared to 2021.In spite of a very high comparison base due to the recognition of significant upfront revenue in Q1 2021  2022 bookings and deferred revenue from previous quarters enabled the Subscription activity to continue its growth. The latter has continued to develop at a satisfactory pace  with organic growth of 8.2% over the period  reaching €26.4 million in revenue (39% of total revenue). Thanks to several major successes of the MFT and B2B offerings  in the quarter  the annual contract value (ACV) of new subscription contracts signed reached €7.0 million  up 22.3% compared to Q1 2021.Revenue from the Maintenance activity amounted to €27.9 million in Q1 2022 (42% of total revenue)  an organic decrease of 9.5%. In line with previous quarters  the decline in activity is due to lower demand for licenses  which is explained by a confirmed preference of new customers for subscription-based contracts and the accelerated migration of existing customers to these more flexible offerings.In Q1 2022  Axway's ARR  which is a key indicator of the future revenue growth potential  was €182.3 million  up 2.7% compared to Q1 2021. Recurring revenue for the quarter which includes Subscription and Maintenance activities  represented 81% of total revenue or €54.3million  of which €8.2 million of upfront revenue recognized on the signature of customer managed subscription contracts.Services revenue decreased organically by 4.0% in the quarter  to €9.0 million  or 13% of total revenue. This decrease is explained by the continued rise of subscription contracts which generally require a lower level of services.Axway Software: Revenue by geographic area 1st Quarter 2022 (€m) Q1 2022 Q1 2021Restated* Q1 2021Reported TotalGrowth OrganicGrowth France 18.1 18.8 18.8 -3.4% -3.4% Rest of Europe 13.2 16.7 16.7 -20.7% -21.0% Americas 30.3 28.5 26.5 14.3% 6.2% Asia/Pacific 5.3 4.5 4.4 21.0% 16.2% Axway Software 66.9 68.6 66.3 0.9% -2.4% * Revenue at 2022 scope and exchange ratesFrance reported revenue of €18.1 million (27% of total revenue) in Q1 2021  an organic decrease of 3.4%. The growth of the License and Subscription activities in the country was not sufficient to compensate for the decline in Maintenance and Services over the period.With revenue of €13.2 million (20% of total revenue)  the Rest of Europe region experienced an organic decline of 21.0% in Q1 2022. Whereas at the beginning of last year  several significant migrations to subscription-based offerings had been signed  establishing a high comparison base  this year the commercial trend proved more buoyant for Axway managed subscription contracts which  by nature  do not generate upfront revenue recognition.The Americas (USA & Latin America) generated revenue of €30.3 million (45% of total revenue) in Q1 2022  representing organic growth of 6.2%. This good performance reflects the dynamism of the Subscription and License activities  both of which showed significant growth (> 20%) over the first 3 months of the year.The Asia/Pacific region saw its revenues grow by 16.2% organically to reach €5.3 million (8% of total revenue) for the quarter. As in 2021  the region was buoyed by the success of the Subscription activity  which grew by nearly 170% in the quarter.Financial position at March 31  2022At March 31  2022  Axway had cash of €34.6 million and net debt of €27.0 million.Axway highlights that  if necessary  it has access to unutilized financing capacity under its existing revolving credit facility.2022 Targets & OutlookFor 2022  Axway’s objective is to achieve organic revenue growth of between 1% and 3%. The company also aims to improve its profitability  with a margin on operating activities of between 12% and 14% of revenue for the year.In the medium term  Axway's ambition remain:→ to achieve revenue of €500m through organic growth in sales and through acquisitions → to return to operating margin on business activity rates above 15% → to sustainably increase earnings per share to above €1.Financial calendarTuesday  May 24  2022  2:30 p.m. (UTC+2): Annual Shareholders' MeetingTuesday  July 26  2022  after market closing: Publication of 2022 Half-Year ResultsTuesday  July 26  2022  6:30 pm (UTC+2): 2022 Half-Year Results Virtual Analyst ConferenceThursday  October 20  2022  before market opening: Publication of Q3 2022 RevenueGlossary and Alternative Performance MeasuresRestated revenue: Revenue for the prior year  adjusted for the consolidation scope and exchange rates of the current year.Organic growth: Growth in revenue between the period under review and the prior period  restated for consolidation scope and exchange rate impacts.Growth at constant exchange rates: Growth in revenue between the period under review and the prior period restated for exchange rate impacts.ACV: Annual Contract Value – Annual contract value of a subscription agreement.TCV: Total Contract Value – Full contracted value of a subscription agreement over the contract term.Profit on operating activities: Profit from recurring operations adjusted for the non-cash share-based payment expense  as well as the amortization of allocated intangible assets.NPS: Net Promoter Score – Customer satisfaction and recommendation indicator for a company.Employee Engagement Score: Measurement of employee engagement through an independent annual survey.ARR: Annual Recurring Revenue – Expected annual billing amounts from all active maintenance and subscription agreements.DisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements that may be subject to various risks and uncertainties concerning the Axway’s growth and profitability  notably in the event of future acquisitions. Axway highlights that signature of contracts  which represent investments for customers  are more significant in the second half of the year and may therefore have a more or less favorable impact on full-year performance. In addition  Axway notes that potential acquisition(s) could also impact this financial data. Furthermore  activity during the year and/or actual results may differ from those described in this document as a result of a number of risks and uncertainties set out in the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers  AMF) on March 24  2022  under number D.22-0145. The distribution of this document in certain countries may be subject to prevailing laws and regulations. Natural persons present in these countries and in which this document is disseminated  published  or distributed  should obtain information about such restrictions  and comply with them.About AxwayAxway enables enterprises to securely open everything by integrating and moving data across a complex world of new and old technologies. Axway’s API-driven B2B integration and MFT software  refined over 20 years  complements Axway Amplify  an open API management platform that makes APIs easier to discover and reuse across multiple teams  vendors  and cloud environments. Axway has helped over 11 000 businesses unlock the full value of their existing digital ecosystems to create brilliant experiences  innovate new services  and reach new markets. Learn more at axway.comAppendicesAxway Software: Impact on revenue of changes in scope and exchange rates 1st Quarter 2022 (€m) Q1 2022 Q1 2021 Growth Revenue 66.9 66.3 0.9% Changes in exchange rates +2.2 Revenue at constant exchange rates 66.9 68.6 -2.4% Changes in scope +0.0 Revenue at constant scope and exchange rates 66.9 68.6 -2.4%Axway Software: Changes in exchange rates 1st Quarter 2022For 1€ Average rateQ1 2022 Average rateQ1 2021 Change US Dollar 1.122 1.205 + 7.4% Brazilian Real 5.870 6.599 + 12.4%1 See Glossary and Alternative Performance Measures",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.04,mixed,0.39,0.21,0.4,True,English,"['Axway Software', 'Q1 2022 Revenue', 'Forecasts', 'significant customer managed subscription contract', 'Growth Organic Growth Constant Currency', 'new key business partners', 'new public cloud offering', 'Consolidated revenue 1st Quarter', 'new contract signatures', 'License activity revenue decline', 'several contract signatures', 'high comparison base', 'Digital Finance offer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'flexible engagement method', 'heterogeneous regional situations', 'several major clients', 'significant upfront revenue', 'solid commercial performance', 'important subscription deals', 'first three months', 'internal quarterly forecasts', 'Total Growth Organic', 'new customers’ contracts', 'Currency fluctuations', 'organic decline', 'Growth License', 'internal forecasts', '4 key offerings', 'B2B offering', 'first 3 months', 'Subscription activity', 'subscription contracts', 'major contracts', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business model', 'business line', 'activity level', 'cloud project', 'major projects', 'subscription offerings', 'overall activity', 'quarterly revenue', 'first quarter', 'revenue growth', 'Growth Revenue', 'total revenue', 'Regulatory News', 'good start', ""analysts' expectations"", 'particular increase', 'coming quarters', 'product side', 'strong interest', 'Amplify platform', 'Latin America', 'development roadmap', 'MFT solution', 'entire portfolio', 'Patrick Donovan', 'good cadence', 'four regions', 'second quarter', 'product portfolio', 'annual results', 'core offerings', 'persistent economic', 'geopolitical uncertainties', 'good sign', 'exchange rates', 'US dollar', 'Brazilian real', 'subscription-based offerings', 'clear slowdown', 'previous quarters', 'important Axway', 'early recognition', 'positive impact', 'satisfactory pace', 'Q1 2022 activity', 'Axway Software', 'previous year', 'full year', 'Q1 2021', 'Euronext', 'move', 'period', 'company', 'dynamics', 'decrease', 'success', 'behalf', 'Asia/Pacific', 'Europe', 'relevance', 'addition', 'closing', 'TCV', 'others', 'Accenture', 'offers', 'needs', 'strategy', 'area', 'marketing', 'value', 'operation', 'momentum', 'differentiation', 'trend', 'vision', 'rationalization', 'time', 'publication', 'efforts', 'objective', 'profitability', 'building', 'pipeline', 'Comments', '2022 scope', 'appreciation', 'Maintenance', 'Services', '2 years', 'flexibility', 'majority', '2022 bookings', 'latter', '0.']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,businesswire.com
3834,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/marel-q1-2022-investor-meeting-081500881.html,Marel: Q1 2022 Investor Meeting Presentation,Marel hf. published its Q1 2022 Condensed Consolidated Financial Interim Statements after market closing on 27 April 2022. Please find attached the Q1 2022...,Marel hf.Marel hf. published its Q1 2022 Condensed Consolidated Financial Interim Statements after market closing on 27 April 2022.Please find attached the Q1 2022 investor presentation for today’s virtual investor meeting at 8:30 am GMT (10:30 am CET)  where senior management will give an overview of the financial results and operational highlights in the first quarter.The meeting is webcast live on marel.com/webcast and a recording is available after the meeting on marel.com/ir.Members of the investment community can also join the conference call by dialing:IS: +354 800 7437 (PIN 37176101#)NL: +31 20 721 9496UK: +44 33 3300 9032US: +1 631 913 1422 (PIN 37176101#)Financial calendarQ2 2022 – 27 July 2022Q3 2022 – 2 November 2022Q4 2022 – 8 February 2023AGM – 22 March 2023Investor relationsFor further information  please contact Marel Investor Relations via email ir@marel.com or tel. +354 563 8001.About MarelMarel (NASDAQ: MAREL; AEX: MAREL) is a leading global provider of advanced food processing equipment  systems  software  and services to the poultry  meat and fish industries. In line with its 2017- 2026 growth strategy  Marel has gradually expanded its business model into adjacent industries  where most recently the acquisition of Wenger has added a fourth pillar focused on pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed. Our united team of over 7 500 employees in over 6 continents delivered EUR 1.4 billion in revenues in 2021. Annually  Marel invests around 6% of revenues in innovation. By continuously transforming food processing  we enable our customers to increase yield and throughput  ensure food safety and improve sustainability in food production. Marel was listed on NASDAQ Iceland in 1992 and dual-listed on Euronext Amsterdam in June 2019. For further information  please visit marel.com/IR.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Q1 2022 Investor Meeting Presentation', 'Marel', 'Q1 2022 Condensed Consolidated Financial Interim Statements', 'advanced food processing equipment', 'Q1 2022 investor presentation', 'leading global provider', '2017- 2026 growth strategy', 'virtual investor meeting', 'Marel Investor Relations', 'financial results', 'Financial calendar', 'pet food', 'food safety', 'food production', 'senior management', 'operational highlights', 'first quarter', 'investment community', 'conference call', 'fish industries', 'business model', 'adjacent industries', 'fourth pillar', 'plant-based protein', 'aqua feed', 'united team', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'NASDAQ Iceland', 'Marel hf', 'market', '27 April', 'today', 'GMT', 'overview', 'recording', 'Members', 'PIN', 'NL', 'UK', 'Q2', '27 July', 'Q3', '2 November', 'Q4', '8 February', 'AGM', '22 March', 'information', 'email', 'tel', 'AEX', 'systems', 'software', 'services', 'poultry', 'meat', 'line', 'acquisition', 'Wenger', '7,500 employees', '6 continents', 'revenues', 'innovation', 'customers', 'yield', 'throughput', 'sustainability', 'June', 'Attachment', '8:30']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3835,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/results-combined-general-meeting-held-050000725.html,Results of Combined General Meeting held on April 19  2022,Results of Combined General Meeting held on April 19  2022 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 22  2022 Paris  France  April 28  2022 –...,Pixium VisionResults of Combined General Meeting held on April 19  2022Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 22  2022Paris  France  April 28  2022 – 07:00 CET – The Combined Shareholders Meeting of Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641; Mnemo: ALPIX)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  was held in Paris on on April 19  2022 and adopted all the resolutions put to the vote relating to the granting to the Board of financial delegations  of delegations and authorisations allowing the allocation of equity warrants  free shares and stock options and relating to the maximum amount to be allocated to the directors as compensation for their activities.The shareholders are informed that the Annual General Meeting will be held on 22 June 2022 at 10 a.m. at the registered office of the Company.Information and documents relating to the Annual General Meeting of 22 June 2022 will be available on the Company's website as from the date of the notice to shareholders  in accordance with applicable laws andregulations.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Stanford University in California  Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.Story continuesForward-Looking Statements. This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risques”) section of the Company’s 2021 Half-Year Financial Report and other documents the Company files with the AMF  which is available on the AMF website (www.amf- france.org) or on the Company’s website.For more information:http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on@PixiumVision ;www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officerinvestors@pixium-vision.com+33 1 76 21 47 68 Media RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsSophie Baumontsophie@lifesciadvisors.com+33 6 27 74 74 49 Investor RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van Renterghemgvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com+41 76 735 01 31,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.05,mixed,0.16,0.32,0.52,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'Results', 'April', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'The Combined Shareholders Meeting', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Facteurs de Risques', 'Guillaume van Renterghem', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', '2021 Half-Year Financial Report', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'amf- france.org', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'Pixium Vision Offer', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'forward looking statements', 'dry AMD', 'research partners', 'University hospital', 'financial condition', 'la Vision', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'independent lives', 'financial delegations', 'equity warrants', 'free shares', 'stock options', 'maximum amount', 'registered office', 'applicable laws', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Stanford University', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'press release', 'reasonable assumptions', 'Risk Factors', 'Media Relations', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Investor Relations', 'actual results', 'numerous risks', 'other documents', 'Sophie Baumont', 'bioelectronics company', 'AMF website', 'April', 'June', '07:00 CET', 'Mnemo', 'ALPIX', 'patients', 'sight', 'resolutions', 'vote', 'granting', 'Board', 'authorisations', 'allocation', 'directors', 'compensation', 'activities', '10 a', 'Information', 'date', 'notice', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'world', 'academic', 'California', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'Entreprise', 'Bpifrance', 'Story', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'discussion', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'pixium-vision', 'pixiumvision', 'Contacts', 'Nonhoff', 'lifesciadvisors', 'gvanrenterghem', '41']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3836,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220427006211/en/Cementos-Pacasmayo-S.A.A.-Announces-Consolidated-Results-for-First-Quarter-2022,Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A. Announces Consolidated Results for First Quarter 2022,LIMA  Peru--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A. and subsidiaries (NYSE: CPAC; BVL: CPACASC1) (“the Company” or “Pacasmayo”)  a leading cement company serving the Peruvian construction industry  announced today its consolidated results for the first qua…,"LIMA  Peru--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A. and subsidiaries (NYSE: CPAC; BVL: CPACASC1) (“the Company” or “Pacasmayo”)  a leading cement company serving the Peruvian construction industry  announced today its consolidated results for the first quarter (“1Q22”) ended March 31  2022. These results have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and are stated in nominal Peruvian Soles (S/).1Q22 FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS:(All comparisons are to 1Q21  unless otherwise stated)Revenues increased 13.0%  mainly due to increase in average prices of bagged cement  as inflationary pressures have affected our costs of raw materials and energy.Sales volume of cement  concrete and precast decreased 5.3%  mainly due to the temporary decrease in sales to reconstruction related projects and self-construction. However  during March we have already seen recovery in sales.Consolidated EBITDA S/127.5 million  a 21.3% increase  mainly due to higher operating profit  since we were able to decrease costs by using less imported clinker.Consolidated EBITDA margin of 24.3%  a 1.7 percentage point increaseNet income of S/45.7 million  a 43.7% increase mainly due to increased sales and operating profit as mentioned above.For a full version of Cementos Pacasmayo’s First Quarter 2022 Earnings Release  please visit https://www.cementospacasmayo.com.pe/inversionistas/reportes.CONFERENCE CALL INFORMATION:Cementos Pacasmayo will host a conference call on Thursday  April 27  2022  to discuss these results at 11:00 a.m. Eastern / 10:00 a.m. Lima Time.To access the call  please dial:(877) 545-0320 from within the U.S.+1 (973) 528-0002 (From outside the U.S.)Access code: 786014There will also be a live Audio Webcast of the event at: https://www.webcaster4.com/Webcast/Page/1644/45188About Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A.Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A. is a cement company  located in the Northern region of Peru. In February 2012  the Company’s shares were listed on The New York Stock Exchange - Euronext under the ticker symbol ""CPAC"". With more than 60 years of operating history  the Company produces  distributes and sells cement and cement-related materials  such as concrete blocks and ready-mix concrete. Pacasmayo’s products are primarily used in construction  which has been one of the fastest-growing segments of the Peruvian economy in recent years. The Company also produces and sells quicklime for use in mining operations.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.03,0.34,0.63,True,English,"['Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A.', 'Consolidated Results', 'First Quarter', 'The New York Stock Exchange', 'Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A.', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'First Quarter 2022 Earnings Release', 'reconstruction related projects', 'less imported clinker', 'nominal Peruvian Soles', 'live Audio Webcast', 'higher operating profit', 'Consolidated EBITDA margin', 'Peruvian construction industry', '1.7 percentage point increase', 'CONFERENCE CALL INFORMATION', 'leading cement company', 'U.S.', 'The Company', 'Peruvian economy', '1Q22 FINANCIAL', '11:00 a', 'operating history', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS', 'average prices', 'inflationary pressures', 'raw materials', 'temporary decrease', 'Net income', 'full version', 'Access code', 'Northern region', 'ticker symbol', 'cement-related materials', 'growing segments', 'mining operations', 'consolidated results', 'concrete blocks', 'ready-mix concrete', 'Lima Time', 'recent years', 'Sales volume', '21.3% increase', '43.7% increase', '60 years', 'subsidiaries', 'NYSE', 'CPAC', 'BVL', 'accordance', 'IFRS', 'comparisons', '1Q21', 'Revenues', 'costs', 'energy', 'precast', 'self-construction', 'March', 'recovery', 'cementospacasmayo', 'inversionistas', 'reportes', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Eastern', 'event', 'webcaster', 'February', 'shares', 'Euronext', 'products', 'quicklime', 'use', '10:00']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,businesswire.com
3837,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/marie-brizard-wine-spirits-q1-160600784.html,Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits Q1 2022 Net Sales,Charenton-le-Pont  28 April 2022 Q1 2022 Net Sales Q1 2022 Net Sales totalled €40.6 million  up 5.2% compared with Q1 2021(particularly over the first two...,Marie Brizard Wine & SpiritsCharenton-le-Pont  28 April 2022Q1 2022 Net SalesQ1 2022 Net Sales totalled €40.6 million  up 5.2% compared with Q1 2021(particularly over the first two months of the year)Performance maintained in France at the start of 2022  despite an overall slowdown in the spirits market (sales growth of 4% compared with 2021)  benefiting notably from: good on-trade activity which was penalised by COVID measures in 2021; a lesser decline in William Peel sales compared with the competition and moderate growth for the other brands in the portfolio (particularly Marie Brizard).Sustained recovery in international sales (up 6.3% compared with Q1 2021)  varying according to the region: recovery in Europe compared with 2021 (health restrictions) despite the Russian-Ukrainian conflict which has resulted in limited loss of Net Sales for the moment; slowdown of Sobieski sales in the United States in a still competitive environment in the Vodka category; significant growth of our strategic brands in Asia-Pacific (mainly in Korea  Taiwan  Japan)  a region that is still growing. a pricing policy that anticipated certain increases in raw material costs.NB: All revenue growth figures mentioned in this press release are at constant scope and exchange rates  unless otherwise stated.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits (Euronext: MBWS) today announces its unaudited Net Sales for the first quarter of 2022  covering the period from 1 January to 31 March 2022.Q1 2022 Net Salesin €m 31 March 2021 Like-for-like change Currency impact 31 March 2022 Like-for-like change(excl. currency impact) Reported growth (incl. currency impact) France 19.1 0.8 - 19.9 4.0% 4.0% International 19.3 1.2 0.2 20.7 6.3% 7.4% TOTAL MBWS GROUP 38.4 2.0 0.2 40.6 5.2% 5.7%France clusterIn Q1 2022  the Net Sales of the France cluster reached €19.9 million  up 4.0% compared with the first quarter of 2021  due notably to the strong recovery in on-trade activity  as well as resilient sales among major retailers (off-trade) due to a favourable mix and a reduction in promotional activity  in particular regarding the Paddy brand.Story continuesThe Group’s main brands posted positive performances in the early part of 2022  notably again Marie Brizard and San José. Other brands  such as Sobieski  are making good progress in the on-trade segment. Against the backdrop of a sharp slowdown in sales in the market for under-12-year blended whisky (down 7.0%)  it can be noted a limited drop for William Peel (down 3.7%) in Q1 2022 compared with the same period in 2021  thanks in particular to the listing in the second half of 2021 with a new distribution player  which allowed the brand to solidfy its market share.This positive quarter-on-quarter change in sales for the France cluster should be seen against the highly disruptive background of disruption in the raw material supply chain since the beginning of March  particularly since the outbreak of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict  and the significant price rises (especially for glassware during April)  leading to the risk of allocations based on the volumes available.International clusterThe Q1 2022 Net Sales of the International cluster amounted to €20.7 million  up 6.3% at constant exchange rates compared with Q1 2021.In Western Europe  on top of the end of COVID-related health restrictions  trading in early 2022 continued to reflect a strong recovery in the United Kingdom (after a near complete shutdown for the same period in 2021)  with good gains for the Marie Brizard brand (by value and portfolio weight).In the Middle East  there was good development of the Marie Brizard brand in the syrups category  an activity that is expected to grow.Spain reported a 2% decline in Net Sales  driven by strong growth in on-trade brand sales (particularly for Marie Brizard)  cross-border sales (William Peel)  a proactive pricing policy but also a decrease in sales of the subcontracting activity  mainly due to difficulties in the supply of bottles.Scandinavia (following the lifting of COVID-related restrictions at the end of January) saw its Net Sales increase very significantly from a low volume base.Q1 2022 Net Sales in the Baltic countries were impacted negatively by a mechanical effect of customer overstocking at the end of 2021 in anticipation of the increase in excise duties  the sharp rise in energy prices  as well as the immediate consequences of the war in Ukraine on exports to Russia and Belarus (not significant at overall Group level). These declines were partially compensated by a proactive pricing policy.Bulgaria reported strong growth across its entire brand portfolio of spirits and wines in Q1 2022  both in its domestic market and for export (Greece  Turkey  Hungary  etc.)  together with sustained subcontracting activity for Romania.In Poland  sales of our brands enjoyed significant growth thanks to a fine performance by Cognac Gautier  the development of Marie Brizard liqueurs and stable sales of William Peel.In the United States  Q1 2022 Net Sales were down year on year. Q1 2022 remained marked by a slowdown in Sobieski sales due to the evolution of the Vodka category.These unfavourable effects were only partially offset by the good performance of the Marie Brizard and Cognac Gautier brands.Canada  on the other hand  was the main contributor to the growth in Net Sales of the Direct Export business during the quarter.Brazil experienced a significant decline in Net Sales compared with 2021  for all brands except Marie Brizard. The price increase applied to the entire portfolio helps to limit the decline observed.In the Asia-Pacific region  Q1 2022 Net Sales were driven by good performance in Korea  Taiwan and Japan  despite the absence of sales in the Chinese market.OutlookAs already indicated in the press release on the 2021 annual results (issued on 14 April)  and as described above  MBWS Group  like other players in the wine and spirits sector  is regularly facing supply chain pressures relating to the periodic unavailability of certain raw materials and dry goods  a sequence that started with the easing of Covid restrictions and continued during the first quarter of 2022.Sharp increases in purchasing costs have already been noted at the end of 2021  particularly for glassware following the disorganisation of this sector after the Covid pandemic. The Group therefore already implemented price increases at the beginning of the year.However  since the beginning of April and following the events in Ukraine  the immediate and significant additional increases in raw material prices are potentially higher than the capacity to pass on prices downstream to distribution and customer partners.Combined with the volatile availability of suppliers' production  these impacts could have negative effects on the Group's ability to supply all its customers (in France and internationally)  and on the elasticity of consumer demand  notably given the need for the Group to adapt its commercial policies to this new context.This environment requires the Group to adopt a cautious view about commercial activity in the coming months and perhaps more particularly in the second half if there has not been a satisfactory settlement of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict by then and if its disruptive consequences persist.Financial calendarGeneral Meeting: 30 June 2022H1 2022 revenues: 28 July 2022Investor relations and shareholdersMBWS GroupEmilie Drexleremilie.drexler@mbws.comTél : +33 1 43 91 62 21 MediaImage SeptClaire Doligez - Laurence Maurycdoligez@image7.fr – lmaury@image7.frTél : +33 1 53 70 74 70About Marie Brizard Wine & SpiritsMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits is a Group of wines and spirits based in Europe and the United States. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits stands out for its expertise  a combination of brands with a long tradition and a resolutely innovative spirit. Since the birth of the Maison Marie Brizard in 1755  the Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits Group has developed its brands in a spirit of modernity while respecting its origins.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits' commitment is to offer its customers brands of confidence  daring and full of flavours and experiences. The Group now has a rich portfolio of leading brands in their market segments  including William Peel  Sobieski  Marie Brizard and Cognac Gautier.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is listed on Compartment B of Euronext Paris (FR0000060873 - MBWS) and is part of the EnterNext PEA-PME150 index.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.35,0.11,0.54,True,English,"['Spirits Q1 2022 Net Sales', 'Marie Brizard Wine', 'raw material supply chain', 'raw material costs', 'under-12-year blended whisky', 'new distribution player', 'low volume base', 'first two months', 'significant price rises', 'proactive pricing policy', 'Marie Brizard Wine', 'Marie Brizard liqueurs', 'overall Group level', 'revenue growth figures', 'Marie Brizard brand', 'unaudited Net Sales', 'TOTAL MBWS GROUP', 'constant exchange rates', 'entire brand portfolio', 'COVID-related health restrictions', 'sustained subcontracting activity', 'William Peel sales', 'trade brand sales', 'change Currency impact', 'Q1 2022 Net Sales', 'COVID-related restrictions', 'The Group', 'constant scope', 'Paddy brand', 'first quarter', 'Sustained recovery', 'significant growth', 'resilient sales', 'cross-border sales', 'stable sales', 'overall slowdown', 'trade activity', 'COVID measures', 'Russian-Ukrainian conflict', 'limited loss', 'United States', 'competitive environment', 'Vodka category', 'press release', 'major retailers', 'favourable mix', 'promotional activity', 'positive performances', 'San José', 'trade segment', 'limited drop', 'second half', 'positive quarter', 'quarter change', 'disruptive background', 'United Kingdom', 'complete shutdown', 'portfolio weight', 'Middle East', 'syrups category', 'Baltic countries', 'mechanical effect', 'customer overstocking', 'excise duties', 'sharp rise', 'energy prices', 'immediate consequences', 'Cognac Gautier', 'international sales', 'moderate growth', 'strong growth', 'other brands', 'strategic brands', 'main brands', 'strong recovery', 'good progress', 'market share', 'International cluster', 'good gains', 'domestic market', 'Sobieski sales', 'sharp slowdown', 'same period', 'France cluster', 'lesser decline', 'early part', 'Western Europe', 'fine performance', 'good development', 'spirits market', 'Q1 2021', '2% decline', 'Charenton-le-Pont', '28 April', 'start', 'competition', 'region', 'moment', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Korea', 'Taiwan', 'Japan', 'increases', 'NB', 'Euronext', '1 January', '31 March', 'reduction', 'Story', 'backdrop', 'listing', 'disruption', 'beginning', 'outbreak', 'glassware', 'risk', 'allocations', 'volumes', 'top', 'near', 'value', 'Spain', 'decrease', 'difficulties', 'bottles', 'Scandinavia', 'lifting', 'anticipation', 'Ukraine', 'exports', 'Belarus', 'declines', 'Bulgaria', 'wines', 'Greece', 'Turkey', 'Hungary', 'Romania', 'Poland']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3838,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000586.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 27 Apr 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.9004 £ 25.0993 Estimated MTD return 1.65 % 1.74 % Estimated YTD return -1.03 % -0.81 % Estimated ITD return 189.00 % 150.99 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.34 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.32 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.0963 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.6975The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3839,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000777.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 27 Apr 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.9004 £ 25.0993 Estimated MTD return 1.65 % 1.74 % Estimated YTD return -1.03 % -0.81 % Estimated ITD return 189.00 % 150.99 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.34 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.32 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 250.0963 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.6975The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3840,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ramsay-sante-9-months-results-153500168.html,RAMSAY SANTE : 9 months results  at the end of 31st March 2022,PRESS RELEASEParis  28 April 2022 Strong organic revenues growth confirming the relevance of our patient pathway strategy despite the ongoing headwinds...,RAMSAY SANTEPRESS RELEASEParis  28 April 2022Strong organic revenues growth confirming the relevance of our patient pathway strategy despite the ongoing headwinds linked to the COVID situation and the staff shortageUnaudited turnover for the 9 months period ending 31 March 2022 amounted to €3 141.7m  up 6.7% compared to the same period of the previous year. Unaudited turnover for the 3 months period ending 31 March 2022 amounted to €1 104m  up 6 9% compared to the same period of the previous year.Unaudited EBITDA for the 9 months period ending 31 March 2022 amounted to €502 9m  up 15 7% compared to the same period of the previous year. Unaudited EBITDA for the 3 months period ending 31 March 2022 amounted to €167 5m  up 37 2% compared to the same period of the previous year.Unaudited EBIT for the 9 months period ending 31 March 2022 amounted to €224 5m  up 41 4% compared to the same period of the previous year . Unaudited EBIT for the 3 months period ending 31 March 2022 amounted to €75 4m  up 137 9% compared to the same period of the previous year.Ramsay Santé has continued in the 3 months to support the fight against the COVID by taking care of COVID patients in both France and Sweden. Activity levels in the Nordics have been solid and driven by specialist care patients post COVID in both Sweden and Denmark  COVID testing  vaccination activities and as well the impact of the acquisitions closed in the last 12 months.Adjusted for perimeter effect and at constant currency exchange rates  organic growth in revenue amounted to 6 6% for the last 9 months ending 31 March 2022 and amounted to 6% for the last 3 months ending 31 March 2022. This growth was mainly realised in Sweden  Denmark and Norway. Revenue growth in France mostly comes from the inclusion in tariffs of the funding for the national Ségur de la Santé initiatives. The growth has been achieved despite a drop in admissions in France due to the fifth Covid wave as well as staff shortages. The group announces in this environment the implementation of a set of social measures  including salaries  designed to strengthen its attractiveness to the medical staff.The French Government has extended the revenue guarantee decree from 1 January 2022 to 30 June 2022. The amount of government subsidies is essentially the same this quarter as in previous quarters. The Group continues to successfully implement its 2025 strategic plan  confirming its position as the leader in integrated digi-physical care in Europe. The group has thus strongly expanded its primary care activity  with 30% more centers at the end of March 2022 compared to June 2021 and 25% more patients cared for over the past nine months.On 7 March 2022  Ramsay Santé  through its Swedish subsidiary Capio Group Services AB (“Capio”)  has announced a recommended public offer to acquire GHP Specialty Care AB (“GHP”)  a Swedish specialty healthcare provider listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. Following the end of the initial acceptance period of the offer  Capio controls 96.6% of the total number of shares and voting rights of GHP. As a result  all conditions required for the completion of the offer have been satisfied and Capio has declared the offer unconditional. Settlement of the Offer will begin on 2 May 2022. Capio intends to initiate a squeeze-out procedure in accordance with Swedish regulations.Ramsay Health Care Ltd is publishing in parallel a trading update at the end of March 2022 which includes some of the information contained in this announcement.Pascal Roché  Chief Executive Officer of Ramsay Santé  says:Story continues« During the last 3 months  Ramsay Santé has continued to manage many Covid patients  while ensuring the resumption of normal activity  penalised for France by difficulties in recruiting medical staff. On the other hand  activity was very strong in all the Nordic countries  and the rollout of our “Yes We Care 2025” strategy is continuing successfully. I am also delighted with the positive outcome of the takeover bid to acquire GHP Specialty Care which will complement Capio’s healthcare offer in Sweden and Denmark  and I welcome the GHP team to the Ramsay Santé group.”The Board of Directors approved the unaudited third quarter FY22 trading update at its meeting held on 28 April 2022.About Ramsay SantéAfter the acquisition of Capio AB Group in 2018  Ramsay Santé has become the leader of the private hospitalization and primary care in Europe with 36 000 employees and 8 600 practitioners serving 9 million patients in our 350 facilities in five countries: France  Sweden  Norway  Denmark and Italy.Ramsay Santé offers almost all medical and surgical specialties in three business areas: general hospitals (medicine – surgery – obstetric)  follow-up care and rehabilitation clinics  mental health. In all its territories  the group contributes to missions of public service and to the territorial sanitary disposal  as for example in Sweden with more than 100 proximity care units.The quality and security of care is the group’s priority. As such our group is today a reference in terms of modern medicine  especially in outpatient care and enhanced recovery.Every year  the group invests more than €200 million in innovation whether it is in new surgical or imaging technologies  in building or modernizing its facilities… The group also innovates in its organization and digitalization in order to deliver care in a more efficient way to the benefit of the patient.Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/RamsaySanteInstagram : https://www.instagram.com/ramsaysanteTwitter : https://twitter.com/RamsaySanteLinkedIn : https://www.linkedin.com/company/ramsaysanteYouTube : https://www.youtube.com/c/RamsaySanteCode ISIN et Euronext Paris : FR0000044471Site web : www.ramsaygds.frInvestor Relations / Analysts Press RelationsJerome Brice Brigitte CachonTél. +33 6 87 57 71 60 Tél. +33 6 12 29 56 52jerome.brice@ramsaysante.fr brigitte.cachon@ramsaysante.frAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.53,0.19,0.28,True,English,"['RAMSAY SANTE', '9 months results', '31st March', 'end', 'national Ségur de la Santé initiatives', 'unaudited third quarter FY22 trading update', 'constant currency exchange rates', 'Swedish specialty healthcare provider', 'Strong organic revenues growth', 'GHP Specialty Care AB', 'Ramsay Health Care Ltd', 'Capio Group Services AB', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'three business areas', 'territorial sanitary disposal', 'integrated digi-physical care', '100 proximity care units', 'initial acceptance period', 'patient pathway strategy', 'fifth Covid wave', 'revenue guarantee decree', 'past nine months', 'specialist care patients', 'The French Government', 'Capio AB Group', 'many Covid patients', 'primary care activity', 'Ramsay Santé group', 'organic growth', 'mental health', 'Swedish subsidiary', 'Swedish regulations', 'follow-up care', 'Unaudited turnover', 'Unaudited EBITDA', 'government subsidies', 'The Board', 'healthcare offer', 'RAMSAY SANTE', 'The Group', 'GHP team', '9 million patients', '9 months period', 'same period', '3 months period', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'ongoing headwinds', 'COVID situation', 'staff shortage', 'previous year', 'Activity levels', 'COVID testing', 'vaccination activities', 'last 12 months', 'perimeter effect', 'last 9 months', 'last 3 months', 'Revenue growth', 'social measures', 'previous quarters', '2025 strategic plan', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Pascal Roché', 'normal activity', 'other hand', 'Nordic countries', 'positive outcome', 'takeover bid', 'private hospitalization', 'five countries', 'surgical specialties', 'general hospitals', 'rehabilitation clinics', 'public service', 'medical staff', 'public offer', 'GHP.', 'Paris', '28 April', 'relevance', '31 March', 'fight', 'France', 'Sweden', 'Nordics', 'Denmark', 'impact', 'acquisitions', 'Norway', 'inclusion', 'tariffs', 'funding', 'drop', 'admissions', 'environment', 'implementation', 'set', 'salaries', 'attractiveness', '1 January', '30 June', 'amount', 'position', 'leader', 'Europe', 'centers', 'end', '7 March', 'shares', 'result', 'conditions', 'completion', '2 May', 'squeeze', 'procedure', 'accordance', 'parallel', 'information', 'announcement', 'Story', 'resumption', 'difficulties', 'rollout', 'Directors', 'meeting', '36 000 employees', '8 600 practitioners', '350 facilities', 'Italy', 'medicine', 'surgery', 'obstetric', 'territories', 'example', 'quality', 'security', 'priority']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3841,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/albioma-albioma-kkr-reach-strategic-053000635.html,Albioma : Albioma and KKR reach strategic agreement on a friendly public tender offer,Press release Paris La Défense  28 April 2022 Albioma and KKR reach strategic agreement on a friendly public tender offer Tender offer priced at 50 euros per...,ALBIOMAPress releaseParis La Défense  28 April 2022Albioma and KKR reach strategic agreement on a friendly public tender offerTender offer priced at 50 euros per share  plus 0.84 euro dividend to be paid exclusively in cash.Tender offer by KKR infrastructure business to accelerate Albioma’s energy transition in French overseas territories  and international expansion.The offer represents a premium of 51.6 % over Albioma’s undisturbed closing share price on 7 March 2022 1 and 46.6 % over the three-month volume-weighted average 2 .Albioma’s Board of Directors unanimously welcomes the proposed transactio n  following in - depth discussions on industrial strategy and outlook .Bpifrance  an Albioma shareholder since 2016   intends to continue supporting the Group by investing alongside KKR.KKR fully supports the Group’s strategy to approach 100 % renewable energy by 2030 .KKR will work closely with the current team while preserving Albioma’s corporate identity  jobs  and culture.Albioma will promptly convene the Employees’ Group Committee to initiate the consultation process.KKR has a strong track record of infrastructure investments in renewable energy  and a significant footprint in France with €10 billion invested to date.Frédéric Moyne  Albioma’s Chairman and CEO said: “This offer from KKR confirms the relevance of Albioma’s vision  the quality of strategy execution and the value of our positioning  particularly in French overseas. It also highlights the Group’s successful transformation to serve the energy transition thanks to the continued commitment of our teams  which will be continued and strengthened with the support of KKR. The Board welcomes this proposal and has formed an ad hoc committee composed of a majority of independent directors to evaluate its terms  in the interest of all of the Group’s shareholders and stakeholders.”Vincent Policard  Partner and Co-Head of European Infrastructure at KKR  commented: “The energy transition requires major long-term investment. Alongside Frédéric Moyne and Albioma’s team  KKR is committed to accelerate energy transition in French overseas departments and the international expansion  while significantly increasing renewables in the energy mix to facilitate the exit from fossil fuels. KKR’s infrastructure business has the capital  renewable energy expertise and global footprint to support the execution of Albioma’s 2030 roadmap.”Story continues** *Albioma (ABIO - FR0000060402 / Euronext Paris)  an independent renewable energy producer  announces the receipt of a tender offer on Albioma’s shares and warrants by an affiliate of the affiliated funds advised by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. or one of its affiliates (“KKR”). At a meeting on April 27  2022  Albioma’s Board of Directors unanimously welcomes the proposed transaction  which would support the Group’s transition towards 100% renewable energy by 2030. The tender offer  which would offer existing shareholders significant and immediate cash value  will be carried out at a price of:€50 per Albioma share (plus the ordinary dividend of 0.84 euro for fiscal year 2021 which will be paid exclusively in cash) representing a 51.6% premium over the last undisturbed share price on 7 March 2022 and a 46.6% premium over the volume-weighted average price per share over the last three months;€29.1 per Albioma warrant.A reinforced strategic and industrial ambitionAlbioma is an independent renewable energy producer  with an installed capacity of over 1 GW  and a significant contributor to the energy transition  thanks to its investments in biomass  photovoltaics and geothermal energy. With 14 power plants in French overseas departments  Mauritius and Brazil  the Group has developed a unique partnership with the sugar industry to produce renewable power from bagasse  a fibrous residue from sugar cane. It is also the leader in photovoltaics in the French overseas territories. Consistent with its geographical and technological diversification strategy  the Group has recently entered the geothermal energy business with the acquisition of two power plants in Turkey.KKR fully supports the Group’s ambition to invest heavily in the energy transition in the French overseas departments by 2025 with a program that seeks to maximize its positive local impact.In addition  KKR will make available its operational expertise and financial resources to accelerate the Group’s international expansion. KKR will work closely with the existing teams to support Albioma’s strategy  while preserving the Group’s integrity and maintaining the same levels of service and performance.KKR will fund the transaction through its affiliated infrastructure funds. KKR is a leading global investment firm with a long track record of investments in renewable energy infrastructure. The firm  which established its global infrastructure business in 2008 with strategies focused on both Core and Core Plus assets  currently oversees approximately $40 billion in infrastructure assets globally and has made 65 infrastructure investments across a range of sub-sectors and geographies. The firm is very active in France  with €10 billion invested in French companies since 2002  including leading players in the energy transition.Albioma’s Board of Directors welcomes proposed transaction  establishes ad hoc committeeThe Board of Directors of Albioma  at a meeting on April 27  2022  unanimously welcomed the proposed transaction. The Board has established an ad hoc committee composed of a majority of independent board members who will issue recommendations with respect to the proposed tender offer  following a comprehensive examination of its conditions.In this context  the Board of Directors has decided to modify the terms of payment of the dividend for the 2021 fiscal year. The dividend  to be proposed to the Annual General Meeting of 25 May 2022  will remain at 0.84 euro per share but will be paid entirely in cash  the option for payment in shares having now been withdrawn.Upon the recommendation of the ad hoc committee  Ledouble has been appointed as an independent expert to issue a fairness opinion on the financial terms of the tender offer  pursuant to the provisions of Article 261-1  I  2°  4° and 5° of the AMF General Regulation.Once the report prepared by the independent expert and the opinion of the Employees’ Group Committee has been obtained  Albioma’s Board of Directors will  upon recommendation of the ad hoc committee  issue a reasoned opinion on the merits of the tender offer and its consequences for Albioma  its shareholders and its employees. Such reasoned opinion and the independent expert’s report will be provided in the reply document (Note en réponse) to be prepared by Albioma and approved by the AMF.Bpifrance  an Albioma shareholder since 2016  which holds 5% of the Group’s capital  intends to continue to support Albioma by investing alongside KKR  subject to the approval of its internal governance bodies  the delivery of an informed opinion by its Board and the completion of the offer. The investment by Bpifrance is to be made via the contribution of part of its shares to the offeror at the offer price.On April 27  2022  Albioma and KKR entered into a tender offer agreement under which KKR undertook to file the offer submitted to Albioma  and Albioma undertook to cooperate with the KKR offer. The tender offer agreement provides  among other things  for the payment by Albioma of 10 million euros if a competing offer is submitted and is successful. Conversely  KKR undertakes to pay Albioma the same amount if it fails to submit a public offer or obtain the required regulatory approvals.Tender offer conditions and timetableIt is expected that the tender offer document will be filed by KKR with the AMF by mid-May 2022.The completion of the tender offer will be subject  in addition to the mandatory minimum acceptance condition set out in section 231-9  I 1° of the AMF General Regulation  to a minimum acceptance condition that KKR obtains a number of Albioma shares representing at least 50.01% of the share capital and “theoretical” voting rights.KKR intends to request a squeeze out and delisting of Albioma’s shares  subject to reaching 90% of the share capital and voting rights of Albioma as a result of the Offer.Completion of the transaction also remains subject to EU Commission merger control approval  as well as obtaining foreign investment control clearances in France and in Spain.Albioma’s Employees’ Group Committee will be consulted on the offer  in accordance with the regulations.J.P. Morgan Securities plc and Darrois Villey Maillot Brochier AARPI act respectively as exclusive financial advisor and legal advisor to Albioma.Société Générale and Bredin Prat act respectively as exclusive financial advisor/presenting bank of the tender offer and legal advisor to KKR.Disclaimer:This press release is not an offer to purchase securities.This press release was prepared for informational purpose only. It is not an offer to the public. The diffusion of this press release  the tender offer and its acceptance may be subject to specific regulations or restrictions in certain countries. The tender offer is not made for persons subject to such restrictions  neither directly nor indirectly  and may not be accepted in any way from a country where the tender offer would be subject to such restrictions. This press release is not for diffusion in these countries. Consequently  persons in possession of this press release shall inquire about potential applicable local restrictions and comply with them.The offeror and Albioma exclude all liability in the event of any breach of the applicable legal restrictions by any person.It is anticipated that the tender offer will be extended into the United States of America in compliance with Section 14(e) of  and Regulation 14E under  the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the “U.S. Exchange Act”)  pursuant to the exemptions provided by Rule 14d-1(d) under the U.S. Exchange Act.Forward Looking Statements:This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as “outlook ” “believe ” “think ” “expect ” “potential ” “continue ” “may ” “should ” “seek ” “approximately ” “predict ” “intend ” “will ” “plan ” “estimate ” “anticipate ” the negative version of these words  other comparable words or other statements that do not relate strictly to historical or factual matters. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations  estimates  beliefs  projections  future plans and strategies  anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts  including but not limited to the statements with respect to: the proposed transaction; operation of the acquired business following the closing of the transaction; expansion and growth opportunities and other synergies resulting from the transaction; and expected timing of closing of the proposed transaction. The forward-looking statements are based on KKR’s beliefs  assumptions and expectations  taking into account all information currently available to it. These beliefs  assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors  not all of which are known to KKR or are within its control. If a change occurs  KKR’s business  financial condition  liquidity and results of operations may vary materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. The following factors  among others  could cause actual results to vary from the forward-looking statements: failure to realize the anticipated benefits within the expected timeframes from the proposed transaction; unforeseen liabilities or integration and other costs of the proposed transaction and timing related thereto; availability and cost of financing to fund the proposed transaction; changes in Albioma’s business; any delays or difficulties in receiving regulatory approvals; failure to complete the transaction; the acquired business’s ability to maintain business relationships following the proposed transaction; failure to realize the benefits of or changes in the business strategies of KKR or the acquired business including the ability to realize the anticipated synergies from acquisitions  strategic partnerships or other transactions; availability  terms and deployment of capital; availability of qualified personnel and expense of recruiting and retaining such personnel; and increased competition.All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. KKR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date on which such statements were made except as required by law. Past performance is not indicative or a guarantee of future performance. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction.About Albioma Contacts An independent renewable energy producer  Albioma is committed to the energy transition thanks to biomass  photovoltaics and geothermal energy.Albioma operates in Overseas France  France metropolitan  Mauritius and Brazil.For 30 years  it has developed a unique partnership with the sugar industry to produce renewable energy from bagasse  the fibrous residue of sugar cane.Albioma is the leading producer of photovoltaic energy in Overseas France  where the company builds and operates innovative projects with storage  Albioma has strengthened its position in mainland France.In 2021  the Group acquired its first geothermal energy power plant  in Turkey. This activity is being ramped up in 2022  via the acquisition of a second GEPP in the same region.Albioma shares are listed on NYSE EURONEXT PARIS (sub B) and eligible for the deferred settlement service (SRD) and PEA-PME plans (ISIN FR0000060402 – ticker: ABIO).The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. InvestorJulien Gauthier+33 (0)1 47 76 67 00MediaCharlotte Neuvy+33 (0)1 47 76 66 65presse@albioma.comBrunswick GroupGuillaume Maujean+33 (0)6 67 74 36 89gmaujean@brunswickgroup.comAurélia de Lapeyrouse+33 (0)6 21 06 40 33adelapeyrouse@brunswickgroup.com www.albioma.comAbout KKR Contacts KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach  employing world-class people  and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity  credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds.KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement  life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries. For additional information about KKR & Co. Inc. (NYSE: KKR)  please visit KKR’s website at www.kkr.com and on Twitter @KKR_Co. MediaFinsbury Glover HeringNathalie Falco+33 (0)6 30 64 90 15nathalie.falco@fgh.comXavier Mas+33 (0)6 21 06 40 33xavier.mas@fgh.comwww.kkr.com1 Price as of March 7th of €33.54 per share before market rumors2 3-month VWAP until March 7th (before market rumors) of €34.68 per shareAttachment,neutral,0.11,0.84,0.05,positive,0.67,0.29,0.05,True,English,"['friendly public tender offer', 'strategic agreement', 'Albioma', 'KKR', 'Frédéric Moyne', 'Paris La Défense', 'undisturbed closing share price', 'leading global investment firm', 'last undisturbed share price', 'independent renewable energy producer', 'friendly public tender offer', 'major long-term investment', 'last three months', 'three-month volume-weighted average', 'strong track record', 'ad hoc committee', 'Kohlberg Kravis Roberts', 'volume-weighted average price', 'positive local impact', 'long track record', 'French overseas territories', 'French overseas departments', 'global infrastructure business', 'Co. L.P.', 'two power plants', 'technological diversification strategy', 'renewable energy expertise', 'geothermal energy business', 'renewable energy infrastructure', 'Core Plus assets', 'affiliated infrastructure funds', 'Employees’ Group Committee', 'immediate cash value', 'KKR infrastructure business', '100 % renewable energy', '100% renewable energy', 'renewable power', 'global footprint', 'Euronext Paris', 'affiliated funds', 'infrastructure assets', '14 power plants', 'independent directors', 'operational expertise', 'European Infrastructure', '65 infrastructure investme', 'energy mix', 'energy transition', 'Press release', 'international expansion', 'depth discussions', 'corporate identity', 'consultation process', 'successful transformation', 'continued commitment', 'Vincent Policard', 'fossil fuels', 'ordinary dividend', 'fiscal year', 'installed capacity', 'unique partnership', 'sugar industry', 'fibrous residue', 'sugar cane', 'financial resources', 'same levels', 'industrial strategy', 'infrastructure investments', 'significant footprint', 'significant contributor', 'Albioma share', 'strategic agreement', '0.84 euro dividend', 'current team', 'existing shareholders', 'industrial ambition', 'existing teams', 'The Board', 'strategy execution', 'Albioma warrant', 'KKR.', '28 April', '50 euros', 'premium', '7 March', 'transactio', 'outlook', 'Bpifrance', 'jobs', 'culture', 'date', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'relevance', 'vision', 'quality', 'positioning', 'support', 'proposal', 'majority', 'terms', 'interest', 'stakeholders', 'Head', 'renewables', 'exit', 'capital', '2030 roadmap', 'Story', 'ABIO', 'receipt', 'shares', 'warrants', 'affiliates', 'meeting', '1 GW', 'biomass', 'photovoltaics', 'Mauritius', 'Brazil', 'bagasse', 'leader', 'geographical', 'acquisition', 'Turkey', 'program', 'addition', 'integrity', 'service', 'performance', 'strategies']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3842,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lands-end-chooses-centric-solution-120300844.html,Lands' End Chooses Centric Solution Suite as the Foundation for Future Growth,Lands' End  the classic American lifestyle brand and multi-channel retailer  has selected Centric Software®'s Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solution...,"Iconic apparel company seeks to streamline workflows by connecting systems and teams with Centric PLM™ including 3D Enablement and Centric's Visual Planning BoardCAMPBELL  Calif.  April 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Lands' End  the classic American lifestyle brand and multi-channel retailer  has selected Centric Software®'s Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solution including 3D Enablement and Centric's Visual Planning Board for product assortment optimization. Centric Software provides the most innovative enterprise solutions to plan  design  develop  source and sell products such as apparel  footwear  sporting goods  furniture  home décor  cosmetics  food & beverage and luxury to achieve strategic and operational digital transformation goals.Lands’ End Chooses Centric Solution Suite as the Foundation for Future GrowthLands' End is looking forward to end-to-end transparency  providing a higher degree of efficiency in developing product.Lands' End was founded in 1963 as a retailer of sailing equipment before evolving its focus to apparel and accessories for men  women  children  and the home. In 1978 the company began migrating to Dodgeville  Wisconsin where the headquarters still remain. Lands' End has become synonymous with legendary quality and honest value.Lands' End is looking to improve its end-to-end business processes across the enterprise  with the goal of improving transparency  communication  integration and the elimination of manually re-entering data into disparate systems.Having monitored tech development in the market over the past several years  Lands' End launched a search for a new PLM solution  going through an extensive selection process. Lands' End sought a partner and a solution that would align system with business strategy goals  leverage industry best practices  eliminate customizations  and islands of information with the ability to easily upgrade  taking advantage of potential future developments.Ultimately  it was Centric PLM that fulfilled their requirements. Chieh Tsai  Chief Product Officer of Lands' End  stated  ""Centric was the clear choice for all selection process participants  from both a process and a functional coverage aspect. We were also convinced by their innovations in the area of 3D enablement and the Visual Planning Board  which go well beyond traditional PLM solutions. Rounding out our decision for Centric were their references and reputation in the industry  as well as the experience of their consulting team.""Story continuesThe company has high expectations for their new suite of Centric solutions  Tsai says  ""We anticipate seamless integration between PLM and connecting systems  automated and consistent data flows  standardized cross-team processes  clear communication and fully enabled process and system functionality across business models.""Lands' End is looking forward to end-to-end transparency  providing a higher degree of efficiency in developing product  connecting 3D across system platforms to gain workflow productivity and thus continuing to reduce physical sampling and waste. With one source for all product development data  everyone will have access to the latest information  invigorating collaboration across departments. Adds Tsai  ""Centric PLM will also support the pursuit of our sustainability goals.""President and CEO of Centric Software  Chris Groves  says  ""We are delighted that Lands' End  an iconic American company  has placed their trust in Centric. Our suite of solutions work in concert to deliver one unified experience for users  boosting efficiency and future-proofing against further market disruptions while driving growth.""Learn more about Centric PLMRequest a DemoAbout Lands' End  Inc. (www.landsend.com)Lands' End  Inc. (NASDAQ:LE) is a leading uni-channel retailer of casual clothing  accessories  footwear and home products. We offer products online at www.landsend.com  on third party online marketplaces and through our own Company Operated stores  as well as  third-party retail locations. We are a classic American lifestyle brand with a passion for quality  legendary service and real value  and seek to deliver timeless style for women  men  kids and the home.Centric Software (www.centricsoftware.com)From its headquarters in Silicon Valley  Centric Software® provides a Product Concept to Consumer Digital Transformation Platform for fashion  retail  footwear  luxury  outdoor  consumer electronics and consumer goods including cosmetics and personal care and food and beverage. Centric's flagship Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) platform  Centric PLMTM  delivers enterprise-class merchandise planning  product development  sourcing  quality and product portfolio optimization innovations specifically for fast-moving consumer industries. Centric Visual Innovation Platform (CVIP) offers highly visual digital board experiences for collaboration and decision-making. Centric Retail Planning is an innovative  cloud-native solution powered by Armonica Retail S.R.L.  that delivers an end-to-end retail planning process designed to maximize retail business performance. Centric Software pioneered mobility  introducing the first mobile apps for PLM  and is widely known for connectivity to dozens of other enterprise systems including ERP  DAM  PIM  e-com  planning and more as well as creative tools such as Adobe® Illustrator and a host of 3D CAD connectors. Centric's innovations are 100% market-driven with the highest user adoption rate and fastest time to value in the industry. All Centric innovations shorten time to market  boost product innovation and reduce costs.Centric Software is majority-owned by Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: #13065  DSY.PA)  the world leader in 3D design software  3D digital mock-up and PLM solutions.Centric Software has received multiple industry awards and recognition  including being named by Red Herring to its Top 100 Global list in 2013  2015 and 2016. Centric also received various excellence awards from Frost & Sullivan in 2012  2016  2018 and 2021.Centric Software is a registered trademark of Centric Software Inc. All other brands and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including statements regarding the expected benefits to be realized by Lands' End as a result of the system implementation and operation  and execution of its growth strategy. The following important factors and uncertainties  among others  could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements: System implementations are complex and may be more costly or longer in duration than initially anticipated; Lands' End may be unsuccessful in implementing its strategic initiatives  or its strategic initiatives  including the implementation of the new system  may not have their desired impact on its business; and other risks  uncertainties and factors discussed in the ""Risk Factors"" section of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28  2022. Lands' End intends the forward-looking statements to speak only as of the time made and does not undertake to update or revise them as more information becomes available  except as required by law.Guangzhou Restaurant Group Transforms Cantonese Cuisine R&D with Centric PLM™ (PRNewsfoto/Centric Software)CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lands-end-chooses-centric-solution-suite-as-the-foundation-for-future-growth-301535226.htmlSOURCE Centric Software",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,positive,0.69,0.27,0.04,True,English,"['Centric Solution Suite', ""Lands' End"", 'Future Growth', 'Foundation', 'Armonica Retail S.R.L.', 'highly visual digital board experiences', 'third party online marketplaces', 'classic American lifestyle brand', 'operational digital transformation goals', 'Consumer Digital Transformation Platform', 'flagship Product Lifecycle Management', 'Centric Visual Innovation Platform', 'product portfolio optimization innovations', 'end retail planning process', 'Visual Planning Board', 'third-party retail locations', 'enterprise-class merchandise planning', 'product assortment optimization', 'past several years', 'functional coverage aspect', 'standardized cross-team processes', 'iconic American company', 'moving consumer industries', 'business strategy goals', 'Chief Product Officer', 'potential future developments', 'extensive selection process', 'selection process participants', 'innovative, cloud-native solution', 'consistent data flows', 'Centric Retail Planning', 'Company Operated stores', 'industry best practices', 'leading uni-channel retailer', 'end business processes', 'home décor', 'one unified experience', 'traditional PLM solutions', 'product development data', 'innovative enterprise solutions', 'new PLM solution', 'Iconic apparel company', 'Centric Solution Suite', 'PLM) platform', 'sustainability goals', 'consumer electronics', 'consumer goods', 'business models', 'Product Concept', 'PLM) solution', 'new suite', 'one source', 'tech development', 'Centric solutions', ""Lands' End"", 'Lands’ End', 'Centric PLM™', 'multi-channel retailer', 'sporting goods', 'Future Growth', 'higher degree', 'sailing equipment', 'honest value', 'clear choice', 'consulting team', 'high expectations', 'workflow productivity', 'physical sampling', 'Chris Groves', 'casual clothing', 'legendary service', 'real value', 'timeless style', 'Silicon Valley', 'personal care', 'Centric Software', 'Centric PLMTM', 'end transparency', '3D Enablement', 'disparate systems', 'connecting systems', 'system functionality', 'system platforms', 'legendary quality', 'seamless integration', 'clear communication', 'latest information', 'market disruptions', 'Chieh Tsai', 'home products', 'workflows', 'teams', 'CAMPBELL', 'Calif.', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'footwear', 'furniture', 'cosmetics', 'food', 'beverage', 'luxury', 'strategic', 'Foundation', 'efficiency', 'focus', 'accessories', 'women', 'children', 'Dodgeville', 'Wisconsin', 'headquarters', 'elimination', 'search', 'partner', 'customizations', 'islands', 'advantage', 'requirements', 'area', 'decision', 'references', 'reputation', 'Story', 'automated', 'waste', 'everyone', 'collaboration', 'departments', 'pursuit', 'President', 'CEO', 'trust', 'concert', 'users', 'future-proofing', 'Demo', 'landsend', 'NASDAQ', 'passion', 'kids', 'centricsoftware', 'fashion', 'sourcing', 'fast', 'CVIP']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3843,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nicox-reports-2021-financial-results-053000485.html,Nicox Reports 2021 Financial Results and First Quarter 2022 Financial Highlights and Provides Update on Key Programs and Milestones,Press ReleaseNicox Reports 2021 Financial Results and First Quarter 2022 Financial Highlights and Provides Update on Key Programs and Milestones NCX 470 Mont...,NCX 470 Mont Blanc Phase 3 clinical trial in glaucoma at over 98 % recruitmentD evelopment pathway for NCX 4251 i n dry eye disease confirmed following meeting with the U.S. FDAFirst quarter 2022 U.S. prescriptions for VYZULTA® increased by 43% over first quarter 2021 Cash position of €42.0 million as of December 31  2021 and €35.1 million as of March 31  2022  confirming the Company is financed to Q4 2023 April 28  2022 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  COX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced the financial and operating results for Nicox and its subsidiaries (the “Nicox Group”) for the year ended December 31  2021  as approved by the Board of Directors on April 27  2022  along with a business update and financial highlights for the first quarter 2022  and provided an update on key upcoming milestones.“We are very pleased by the rapid progress of the NCX 470 Mont Blanc phase 3 trial and are eagerly expecting its completion which will mark a major inflexion point for our Company and a turning point in the development of drugs for the treatment of patients with open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension.” said Michele Garufi  Chief Executive Officer of Nicox.Key Upcoming MilestoneMont Blanc Phase 3 clinical trial on NCX 470 in glaucoma: recruitment advances more quickly than anticipated and thus topline results fully on track. First Quarter 2022 and Recent Events and Pipeline UpdatesProduct candidatesNCX 470NCX 470 is a novel nitric oxide (NO)-donating prostaglandin analog currently in a Phase 3 clinical program for the lowering of intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.Owing to a better than expected enrollment rate in recent months  over 98% of the patients required to complete the NCX 470 Mont Blanc Phase 3 clinical trial have been enrolled.Patient enrollment is continuing in both the United States (U.S.) and China in the ongoing Denali Phase 3 clinical trial on NCX 470 in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Denali  which also includes a long-term safety extension  has been recruiting patients in the U.S. since November 2020. Approximately 670 patients are expected to be randomized at approximately 60 clinical sites in the U.S. and China  with approximately 80% of the patients to be recruited in the U.S. and the remaining 20% of the patients to be recruited in China. The topline results will not be available by the end of 2023 as previously communicated due to several hurdles (including the COVID-19 pandemic situation in the U.S. and China). The Company will announce a new date for availability of the results when we have more visibility on the overall timelines of the trial.The Chinese National Intellectual Property Administration has granted Nicox a formulation patent for NCX 470 in China to 2039. With the equivalent U.S. and European patents already granted  the formulation is now covered in most major global territories. NCX 470 is also covered by granted composition of matter patents. NCX 4251NCX 4251 is a novel  patented  ophthalmic suspension of fluticasone propionate nanocrystals in clinical development stage for dry eye disease. Following the encouraging post hoc results from the Mississippi Phase 2b clinical trial and a subsequent meeting with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)  the future development of NCX 4251 will be focused on dry eye disease. The Mississippi post hoc results  reported on November 30  2021  suggest that once-daily dosed NCX 4251  fluticasone propionate ophthalmic suspension 0.1%  is effective in reducing dry eye symptoms in patients who score more highly for a key sign of dry eye disease. The Company is currently exploring how to best advance the development of NCX 4251 in dry eye disease and will communicate its strategy at a future date.The Japanese Patent Office has granted a new patent expiring in 2040 for NCX 4251. Patent JP.7021301 covers ophthalmic suspensions comprising a specific form of fluticasone propionate nanocrystals and the method for manufacturing the ophthalmic suspensions. It complements the recent granting of a patent from the same family in Europe. Corresponding patent applications are under examination in the U.S.  China and other territories. Commercial Out-licensed ProductsVYZULTA ® (latanoprostene bunod ophthalmic solution)  0.024% U.S. prescriptions 1 increased by 43% in the first quarter of 2022 compared to first quarter 2021  however revenue remained unchanged due to an increased level of rebates. As of December 31  2021  VYZULTA  exclusively licensed worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  was commercialized in 7 territories: United States (2017)  Canada (2019)  Argentina (2020)  Mexico (2020)  Hong Kong (2020)  Taiwan (2021) and Ukraine (2021). VYZULTA is also approved in 9 other countries  namely Brazil  Colombia  Jordan  Qatar  Singapore  South Korea  Thailand  Turkey and United Arab Emirates. VYZULTA is indicated for the reduction of intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.Our partnership with Samil Pharmaceutical concerning ZERVIATE in South Korea has been expanded to include Vietnam.Our Chinese partner Ocumension Therapeutics successfully completed a Phase 3 clinical trial of ZERVIATE (cetirizine ophthalmic solution)  0.24% in Chinese patients with allergic conjunctivitis in which ZERVIATE was compared to emedastine difumarate ophthalmic solution  0.05%  an antihistamine marketed under the brand name EMADINE®. ZERVIATE was found to be non-inferior to emedastine difumarate in the primary efficacy endpoint of change from baseline in the itching score in the 24 hours prior to the Day 14 visit. ZERVIATE was safe and well-tolerated with no difference in the proportion of patients with adverse events compared to emedastine difumarate. This Phase 3 clinical trial was required for Ocumension to be able to submit a New Drug Application (NDA) for approval to commercialize ZERVIATE in China. Other partnershipsThe U.S. FDA has granted Orphan Drug Designation for naproxcinod for the treatment of sickle cell disease  which affects an estimated 100 000 Americans. Naproxcinod is a nitric oxide (NO)-donating naproxen combining the cyclooxygenase (COX) inhibitory activity of naproxen with that of nitric oxide developed by Nicox and exclusively licensed to Fera in the U.S. Nicox has tested naproxcinod in over 2 700 patients in osteoarthritis  generating a significant package of clinical safety data which is available to support Fera’s development of naproxcinod  and ultimately an NDA submission for sickle cell disease. Management and AdvisorsIn December 2021  we announced the appointment of Doug Hubatsch as Chief Scientific Officer to lead all of the Company’s non-clinical and clinical development activities. Based in Nicox’s U.S. subsidiary Nicox Ophthalmics Inc.  he is responsible for setting the research and development strategy of the Group and is a member of the Nicox Executive Committee.In July 2021  we announced that two internationally recognized experts in glaucoma  Robert N. Weinreb  M.D.  Distinguished Professor and Chair  Ophthalmology and Director  Shiley Eye Institute  University of California San Diego  and Sanjay G. Asrani  M.D.  Professor of Ophthalmology  Duke University  joined the Nicox Glaucoma Clinical Advisory Board.2021 Financial SummaryNet revenue2 for the full year 2021 was €7.2 million (€2.4 million in net royalties  €4.8 million in license payments)  compared to €12.9 million (€2.4 million in net royalties  €10.5 million in license payments) for the full year 2020. The principal difference in revenue is due to an IFRS treatment of a licensing payment received from our partner Ocumension Therapeutics in 2020.Operating expenses for the year 2021 increased to €25.1 million from €19.5 million for the previous year among which €5.2 million comes from non-clinical and development expenses due to the advancement and progress of the Phase 3 trials on NCX 470.Net loss of the Nicox Group for the full year 2021 was €43.8 million against €18.1 million for the full year 2020. However  the 2021 net loss includes €27.8 million of non-recurring  non-cash items due to a reduction in the estimated fair value of ZERVIATE (of €12.7 million) and of NCX 4251 (of €15.1 million) reflecting  respectively  the changes in the allergic conjunctivitis market in the U.S. and the changes in the development plan and timeline for NCX 4251.As of December 31  2021  the Nicox Group had cash and cash equivalents of €42.0 million  as compared with €47.2 million at December 31  2020  and as previously announced  the Company is financed until Q4 2023  assuming the development of NCX 470 alone.As of December 31  2021  the Nicox Group had financial debt of €20.5 million  consisting of €18.5 million in the form of a bond financing agreement with Kreos Capital signed in January 2019 and a €2 million credit agreement guaranteed by the French State  and granted in August 2020 in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic.First Quarter 2022 Financial HighlightsAs of March 31  2022  the Nicox Group had cash and cash equivalents of €35.1 million as compared with €42.0 million at December 31  2021. Net revenue2 for the first quarter of 2022 was €0.7 million (entirely composed of net royalty payments). Net revenue2 for the first quarter of 2021 was €1.7 million (including €0.7 million of net royalty payments).As of March 31  2022  the Nicox Group had financial debt of €20.5 million consisting of €18.5 million in the form of a bond financing agreement with Kreos Capital signed in January 2019 and a €2 million credit agreement guaranteed by the French State  and granted in August 2020 in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic.Only the figures related to the cash position  revenue and debt of the Nicox Group as of December 31  2021 and December 31  2020 are audited; all other figures of this press release are non-audited.,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,mixed,0.31,0.19,0.5,True,English,"['First Quarter 2022 Financial Highlights', '2021 Financial Results', 'Nicox Reports', 'Key Programs', 'Update', 'Milestones', 'novel nitric oxide (NO)-donating prostaglandin analog', 'The Chinese National Intellectual Property Administration', 'NCX 470 Mont Blanc Phase 3 clinical trial', 'Mississippi Phase 2b clinical trial', 'NCX 470 Mont Blanc phase 3 trial', 'ongoing Denali Phase 3 clinical trial', 'The Mississippi post hoc results', 'novel, patented, ophthalmic suspension', 'encouraging post hoc results', 'latanoprostene bunod ophthalmic solution', 'The Japanese Patent Office', 'fluticasone propionate ophthalmic suspension', 'most major global territories', 'Phase 3 clinical program', 'fluticasone propionate nanocrystals', 'clinical development stage', 'D evelopment pathway', 'dry eye disease', 'major inflexion point', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'long-term safety extension', 'COVID-19 pandemic situation', 'dry eye symptoms', 'Commercial Out-licensed Products', 'key upcoming milestones', 'Corresponding patent applications', 'United Arab Emirates', 'equivalent U.S.', 'U.S. prescriptions', 'U.S. Food', 'international ophthalmology company', 'U.S. FDA', '60 clinical sites', 'Drug Administration', 'The Company', 'ophthalmic suspensions', 'key sign', 'operating results', 'turning point', 'topline results', 'United States', 'new patent', 'Patent JP.', 'other territories', 'First quarter', 'Cash position', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'Euronext Paris', 'rapid progress', 'ocular hypertension', 'Michele Garufi', 'Recent Events', 'Pipeline Updates', 'Product candidates', 'intraocular pressure', 'enrollment rate', 'recent months', 'Patient enrollment', 'several hurdles', 'new date', 'overall timelines', 'European patents', 'matter patents', 'future date', 'specific form', 'recent granting', 'same family', 'Hong Kong', '9 other countries', 'South Korea', 'NCX 4251 i', 'formulation patent', 'future development', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'business update', 'financial highlights', 'subsequent meeting', 'Nicox SA', 'Nicox Group', '7 territories', '98 % recruitment', 'VYZULTA®', 'December', 'March', 'Q4', 'release', 'CET', 'France', 'subsidiaries', 'year', 'Board', 'Directors', 'April', 'completion', 'drugs', 'treatment', 'patients', 'track', 'lowering', 'IOP', 'China', 'November', 'end', 'availability', 'visibility', 'composition', 'strategy', 'method', 'examination', 'VYZULTA ®', 'revenue', 'level', 'rebates', 'Bausch', 'Lomb', 'Canada', 'Argentina', 'Mexico', 'Taiwan', 'Ukraine', 'Brazil', 'Jordan', 'Qatar', 'Singapore', 'Thailand', 'Turkey', 'reduction', '7:30']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3844,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220428005495/en/Flow-Beverage-Corp.-to-Become-Official-Water-Partner-for-World-Leading-Hospitality-Group-Accor-in-North-and-Central-America,Flow Beverage Corp. to Become Official Water Partner for World Leading Hospitality Group  Accor  in North and Central America,TORONTO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Flow has executed an agreement with Accor to becomes its official water partner in North and Central America.,TORONTO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Flow Beverage Corp. (TSX:FLOW; OTCQX:FLWBF) (“Flow” or the “Company”) today announced that it has executed an agreement with Accor for Flow Alkaline Spring Water to become Accor’s official water partner in North and Central America. The vendor agreement between Flow and Accor is intended to replace all single-use plastic water bottles across Accor’s properties in the region with Flow water.A world leading hospitality group with more than 5 300 properties in 110 countries  Accor is the second largest luxury hotel operator in North America. Beginning in April 2022  Flow products will be launched at more than 70 luxury hotel properties under such globally renowned brands as Fairmont and Sofitel  across Canada  the U.S.  Puerto Rico  Bermuda and Barbados.Flow products will support Accor’s notable sustainability initiatives  including its commitment to remove all single-use plastics from the guest experience. Flow is B Corporation™ certified and operates as carbon neutral  aligning with Accor’s commitment to industry-leading sustainability standards.Flow’s CEO  Maurizio Patarnello  said  “ The agreement with Accor is a significant milestone as it represents Flow’s entry into the food service customer segment in a large scale  which we have outlined as a key growth driver in our strategic framework. Food service operators are increasingly prioritizing sustainability credentials in the vendor selection process  and we expect that this trend will continue to represent a significant growth accelerator for Flow. We are delighted to be partnering with a premium operator like Accor and we will work with expedience to help transition Accor’s guest experience away from single-use plastics.”“ The introduction of Flow water into Accor properties across North and Central America marks a significant step forward in the elimination of single-use plastics from our hotels ” said Denis Klurfeld  Vice President  Procurement  Accor North and Central America. “ The alignment with Flow is an exciting opportunity to bring Accor together with a company that shares our deep commitments to operating responsibly and with a positive impact on the world around us.”About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry’s most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor’s unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 260 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company’s comprehensive loyalty program – ALL – Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.About FlowFlow is one of the fastest-growing premium water companies in North America. Founded in 2014  Flow’s mission since day one has been to reduce environmental impacts by providing sustainably sourced naturally alkaline spring water in a sustainable  100% recyclable and up to 75% renewable  plant-based pack. Today  the brand is B-Corp Certified with a best-in-class score of 126.5  offering a diversified line of health and wellness-oriented beverage products: original naturally alkaline spring water  award-winning organic flavours  and collagen-infused flavours in sizes ranging from 330-ml to 1-litre. All products contain naturally occurring electrolytes and essential minerals and support Flow’s overarching purpose to “ bring wellness to the world through the positive power of water.” Flow beverage products are available online at flowhydration.com and are sold at over 25 800 stores across North America.For more information on Flow  please visit Flow’s investor relations site at: investors.flowhydration.com.Cautionary StatementThis press release may contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. Such forward-looking statements include  but are not limited to  information with respect to our objectives and the strategies for achieving those objectives  as well as information with respect to our beliefs  plans  expectations  anticipations  estimates and intentions. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of words such as “may”  “would”  “should”  “could”  “expect”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “plan”  “foresee”  “believe”  or “continue”  although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding Flow and its business  operations  prospects  and risks at a point in time in the context of historical and possible future developments  and the reader is therefore cautioned that such information may not be appropriate for other purposes. Forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are beyond our control  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Those risks and uncertainties include the following: impact and spread of COVID-19; ability to achieve and manage growth; failure to expand sales capabilities; changes in consumer preferences; criticism of packaged water; maintain brand image and product quality; constrained or unavailable spring water sources; inability to package products; increased competition; accurately estimating demand; maintaining relationships with distributors and vendors; changing retail landscape; incorrect product design or development; product information misrepresentation; revenues derived entirely from packaged beverages; increases in costs or shortages of materials; fluctuation of quarterly operating results; no assurance of profitability; fluctuations in foreign currency; changes in government regulation; contamination or recalls of ingredients or end products; loss of intellectual property rights; litigation; future tax rates; catastrophic events; climate change; seasonal business; dependence on key information systems and third-party service providers; ability to securely maintain confidential information; maintaining and upgrading information technology systems; conflict of interest; dual class share structure; potential volatility of share price; no assurance of active market for shares; lack of dividends; global financial condition; publication of inaccurate or unfavourable research and reports; operating history; and management and conflict of interests. Consequently  all of the forward-looking statements contained herein are qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements  and there can be no guarantee that the results or developments that we anticipate will be realized or  even if substantially realized  that they will have the expected consequences or effects on our business  financial condition or results of operation. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates  the forward-looking statements contained herein are provided as of the date hereof  and we do not undertake to update or amend such forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as may be required by applicable law.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.26,0.25,True,English,"['World Leading Hospitality Group', 'Flow Beverage Corp.', 'Official Water Partner', 'Central America', 'Accor', 'North', 'up to 75% renewable, plant-based pack', 'original naturally alkaline spring water', 'second largest luxury hotel operator', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'applicable Canadian securities legislation', 'ALL Heartist Fund initiatives', 'food service customer segment', 'single-use plastic water bottles', 'growing premium water companies', 'Flow Alkaline Spring Water', 'world leading hospitality group', '40 luxury, premium, midscale', 'integrated hospitality ecosystems', 'Food service operators', 'official water partner', '70 luxury hotel properties', 'notable sustainability initiatives', 'key growth driver', 'comprehensive loyalty program', 'investor relations site', 'economy hotel brands', 'industry-leading sustainability standards', 'vendor selection process', 'daily lifestyle companion', 'award-winning organic flavours', 'significant growth accelerator', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'wellness-oriented beverage products', 'creative hospitality company', 'Flow Beverage Corp.', 'Accor Live Limitless', 'Flow beverage products', 'premium operator', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'growing categories', 'Flow water', 'beverage venues', 'single-use plastics', 'sustainability credentials', 'environmental sustainability', 'collagen-infused flavours', 'significant milestone', 'significant step', 'renowned brands', 'founder-built brands', 'distinctive brands', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'OTCQX:FLWBF', 'Central America', 'U.S.', 'Puerto Rico', 'guest experience', 'B Corporation™', 'Maurizio Patarnello', 'large scale', 'strategic framework', 'Denis Klurfeld', 'Vice President', 'exciting opportunity', 'deep commitments', 'positive impact', 'nightlife venues', 'private residences', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'global collective', 'unrivalled portfolio', 'wide variety', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'community engagement', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'environmental impacts', 'sustainable, 100% recyclable', 'class score', 'diversified line', 'occurring electrolytes', 'essential minerals', 'positive power', 'Cautionary Statement', 'press release', 'Flow products', 'vendor agreement', 'North America', 'accommodation properties', 'concierge services', '260,000 team members', 'overarching purpose', 'flowhydration.com', 'Flow Flow', 'Accor Solidarity', 'Accor SA', 'Accor properties', 'Accor North', '10,000 food', '5,300 properties', 'TORONTO', 'region', '110 countries', 'April', 'globally', 'Fairmont', 'Sofitel', 'Canada', 'Bermuda', 'Barbados', 'carbon', 'CEO', 'entry', 'trend', 'expedience', 'introduction', 'elimination', 'hotels', 'Procurement', 'alignment', 'diverse', 'entertainment', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore', 'entrepreneurial', 'access', 'rewards', 'experiences', 'Planet', 'RiiSE', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'mission', 'day', 'B-Corp', 'health', 'sizes', '330-ml', 'litre', '25,800 stores', 'investors', 'meaning']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,businesswire.com
3845,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/technology/tech-gaming/flutter-approves-bumper-pay-rises-for-top-executives-41596988.html,Flutter approves bumper pay rises for top executives,Paddy Power owner Flutter has approved double-digit pay increases for its CEO and finance chief  despite opposition from two activist investors.,"Paddy Power owner Flutter has approved double-digit pay increases for its CEO and finance chief  despite opposition from two investment advisors.It brings chief executive officer Peter Jackson’s salary to just under £1.2m (€1.4m)  after a 26pc hike  and chief financial officer Jonathan Hill’s pay to £715 000 (€849 000)  a 20pc increase on 2021.The board approved the increase at its annual general meeting in Dublin on Thursday.Read MoreChairman Gary McGann told reporters afterwards that Flutter needed to retain and attract talent  and was still paying executives below its UK and US competitors.He said at least 70pc of shareholders agreed with the pay increase and that it would have “no impact on the share price at all”.Flutter shares are down by almost 50pc year on year as the pandemic boom in at-home gambling wanes.Shares were up 1.04pc to €95.42 in Euronext trading at 13.00  just over an hour after the board meeting ended.“We have to put a package in place that actually is attractive to retain Peter and Jonathan and  in the event they ever leave  to recruit that quality ” Mr McGann said.""This is an incredibly competitive sector. The consumer digital sector is the most competitive sector probably in the world right now.”At the board meeting on Friday  Flutter received pushback from 1000 university students who invested in the firm via the Trinity Student Managed Fund.Trinity students are “not happy” with Flutter’s record on helping problem gamblers - particularly young males - according to Olwyn Patterson  head of environment  social and governance (ESG) and social responsibility at the fund.CEO Peter Jackson said Flutter had done more than its competitors to tackle problem gambling  measuring the percentage of revenue from players with a deposit limit (in Australia) and the percentage of those who self-exclude within the year (in the UK and Ireland).He said the average Flutter user spends just €10 a week.“These are small amounts. Some of our competitors start with much higher average levels of spending. We constantly are leading this race to the top.”Last month  Flutter reported a £288m loss before tax  with adjusted earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortisation of £1 001m  18pc lower than 2020.Flutter recently added Italian online games site Sisal and UK online bingo provider Tombola to its portfolio. The buyouts follow a 2020 merger with the Toronto-listed Stars Group and the 2018 acquisition of US giant FanDuel.Mr Jackson said Flutter was concentrating on recent acquisitions and the US market  and was not looking to make any further acquisitions.“We’ve got arms quite full dealing with all of that at the moment  but also continuing to win in America. That’s where we’ve got to keep our focus. The opportunity there is enormous.”Flutter is unlikely to float FanDuel any time soon  Mr Jackson hinted  saying the market for initial public offerings is “not open” and that the firm did “not need” to list in the US.Flutter publishes its first quarter 2022 results next week.",neutral,0.12,0.66,0.23,negative,0.03,0.2,0.77,True,English,"['bumper pay rises', 'top executives', 'Flutter', 'chief executive officer Peter Jackson', 'Italian online games site', 'UK online bingo provider', 'Paddy Power owner Flutter', 'Trinity Student Managed Fund', 'chief financial officer', 'two investment advisors', 'higher average levels', 'Toronto-listed Stars Group', 'initial public offerings', 'first quarter 2022 results', 'Chairman Gary McGann', 'home gambling wanes', 'annual general meeting', 'consumer digital sector', 'double-digit pay increases', 'CEO Peter Jackson', 'average Flutter user', 'US giant FanDuel', 'finance chief', 'Trinity students', 'Mr Jackson', 'Mr McGann', 'problem gambling', 'competitive sector', '26pc hike', 'share price', 'pandemic boom', 'board meeting', '1000 university students', 'problem gamblers', 'young males', 'Olwyn Patterson', 'deposit limit', 'small amounts', '£288m loss', '20pc increase', 'Jonathan Hill', 'social responsibility', 'recent acquisitions', 'US market', 'US competitors', 'Flutter shares', 'opposition', 'salary', 'Dublin', 'Thursday', 'reporters', 'talent', 'executives', '70pc', 'shareholders', 'impact', 'year', 'Euronext', 'package', 'place', 'event', 'quality', 'world', 'Friday', 'pushback', 'firm', 'record', 'head', 'environment', 'governance', 'ESG', 'percentage', 'revenue', 'players', 'Australia', 'Ireland', 'spending', 'race', 'top', 'tax', 'earnings', 'interest', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', 'Sisal', 'Tombola', 'portfolio', 'buyouts', '2020 merger', '2018 acquisition', 'arms', 'moment', 'America', 'focus', 'opportunity']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,independent.ie
3846,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/news/3828323-sanofi-q1-sales-climb-on-the-back-of-dupixent-consumer-healthcare-show-maintains-outlook,Sanofi Q1 sales climb on the back of Dupixent  consumer healthcare show; maintains outlook,Sanofi (SNY) saw a rise in its Q1 revenue driven by sales of its blockbuster drug Dupixent and performance from its Consumer Healthcare business.Q1 Business EPS rose +20.5% Y/Y to...,"Sanofi (NASDAQ:SNY) saw a rise in its Q1 revenue driven by sales of its blockbuster drug Dupixent and performance from its Consumer Healthcare business.Q1 Business EPS rose +20.5% Y/Y to €1.94  while sales grew +8.6% Y/Y (at Constant exchange rates  or CER) to €9.67B.""We are off to a strong start to 2022 propelled by the continued outstanding performance of Dupixent  double-digit growth of our CHC business and improved margins in the first quarter "" said Sanofi CEO Paul Hudson.The company said Pharmaceutical segment sales increased 7.5% to ~€7.33B  mainly driven by the Specialty Care portfolio with continued strong performance of eczema/asthma therapy Dupixent  while sales in General Medicines declined -0.7% Y/Y to €3.76B.Sales of Dupixent  which is developed in collaboration with Regeneron (REGN)  increased +45.7% Y/Y to €1.61B.The company said Q1 Vaccines segment sales grew +6.8% to €1.02B driven by double-digit growth of Polio/Pertussis/Hib vaccines sales and partial recovery of Travel vaccines.Consumer Healthcare segment sales increased +17% to ~€1.33B mainly driven by strong demand for Cough & Cold products  and performance of Pain Care and Digestive Wellness categories.Under Pharma segment: Neurology and Immunology sales grew +0.3% to €611M. Sales of multiple sclerosis drug Aubagio declined -6.6% Y/Y to €491M.Rheumatoid arthritis therapy Kevzara's sales grew +61.4% to €95M. The company said the grwoth was due to a COVID-19 related increase in global demand for IL-6 receptor blockers and the temporary tocilizumab shortage.Rare Disease sales increased +1.9% to €804M.Meanwhile  oncology segment sales increased +6.8% to €244M  driven by multiple myeloma drug Sarclisa (+85.3% to €65M) launch  which the company said will more than offset the impact of prostate cancer drug Jevtana's generic competition in Europe. Jevtana' sales declined -25.4% Y/Y to €98M.The French drugmaker said insulin Lantus sales declined -1.5% to €671M.COVID-19 vaccine: Sanofi and GSK have applied for regulatory authorization of their first-generation COVID-19 vaccine in Europe with data supporting its use as a universal booster. The companies added they are developing a next-generation booster vaccine aimed to provide broad protection against all variants of concern  from the original strain to Omicron BA.2 and the data (VAT02 Cohort 2) is expected to be reported in Q2.Other Metrics: Q1 gross profit increased +11.1% to ~€7.16B. Research and Development expenses increased +14% to ~€1.49B.Spin-off: ""Also in the quarter  we continued to execute well against our strategic priorities with our decision for the proposed EUROAPI shares listing and spin-off through an extraordinary dividend "" added Hudson.Sanofi is expected to list its API spin-off EUROAPI on Euronext Paris on May 6.Outlook:""Based on the strong first quarter  we are on track to deliver on our 2022 financial guidance  despite the challenging business environment "" commented Hudson.Sanofi expects 2022 business EPS to grow low double-digit at CER. The company noted that  applying average April exchange rates  the positive currency impact on 2022 business EPS is estimated to be between +4% and +5%.",positive,0.47,0.46,0.07,mixed,0.23,0.33,0.45,True,English,"['Sanofi Q1 sales', 'consumer healthcare show', 'back', 'Dupixent', 'outlook', 'average April exchange rates', 'multiple myeloma drug Sarclisa', 'Consumer Healthcare segment sales', 'Sanofi CEO Paul Hudson', 'Q1 Vaccines segment sales', 'Constant exchange rates', 'multiple sclerosis drug', 'Consumer Healthcare business', 'prostate cancer drug', 'Digestive Wellness categories', 'Rheumatoid arthritis therapy', 'IL-6 receptor blockers', 'temporary tocilizumab shortage', 'Q1 gross profit', 'blockbuster drug Dupixent', 'COVID-19 related increase', 'Specialty Care portfolio', 'eczema/asthma therapy Dupixent', 'challenging business environment', 'Pharmaceutical segment sales', 'oncology segment sales', 'first-generation COVID-19 vaccine', 'Polio/Pertussis/Hib vaccines sales', 'Rare Disease sales', 'insulin Lantus sales', 'next-generation booster vaccine', 'EUROAPI shares listing', 'positive currency impact', 'Q1 Business EPS', 'continued outstanding performance', 'Dupixent, double-digit growth', 'strong first quarter', 'Pharma segment', 'Q1 revenue', 'Travel vaccines', '2022 business EPS', 'CHC business', 'Pain Care', 'universal booster', 'low double-digit', 'strong start', 'strong demand', 'Immunology sales', 'strong performance', 'General Medicines', 'partial recovery', 'Cold products', 'global demand', 'generic competition', 'French drugmaker', 'regulatory authorization', 'broad protection', 'original strain', 'Omicron BA.', 'VAT02 Cohort', 'Other Metrics', 'Development expenses', 'strategic priorities', 'extraordinary dividend', 'Euronext Paris', '2022 financial guidance', ""Jevtana' sales"", 'NASDAQ', 'SNY', 'rise', 'margins', 'company', 'collaboration', 'Regeneron', 'REGN', 'Cough', 'Neurology', 'Aubagio', 'Kevzara', 'grwoth', '65M', 'launch', 'Europe', 'GSK', 'data', 'use', 'companies', 'variants', 'concern', 'Q2.', 'Research', 'Spin-off', 'decision', 'May', 'Outlook', 'track', 'CER.']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,seekingalpha.com
3847,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cegedim-2022-off-promising-start-155000295.html,Cegedim: 2022 off to a promising start,Quarterly financial information as of March 31  2022 IFRS - Regulated information - Not audited Cegedim: 2022 off to a promising start Q1 2022 revenues grew ...,Cegedim SAQuarterly financial information as of March 31  2022IFRS - Regulated information - Not auditedCegedim: 2022 off to a promising startQ1 2022 revenues grew 5.5%All operating divisions contributed to growthA final agreement with investors to acquire a stake in Cegedim Santé is expected in MayBoulogne-Billancourt  France  April 28  2022  after the market closeCegedim generated consolidated Q1 2022 revenues of €129.2 million  an increase of 5.5% as reported and 5.0% like for like(1) compared with the same period in 2021.“Our first-quarter performance  including growth of 5.5%  was in line with our expectations. The fact that all operating divisions contributed to growth testifies to our solid foundations—a resilient  relevant business model and talented  motivated teams. Three major social protection groups are acquiring a €65 million stake in Cegedim Santé  which will enable it to achieve its goals. The deal values Cegedim Santé at over €360 million. Given the current geopolitical and public health backdrop  we remain vigilant but confident  and we continue to strengthen our sales and R&D teams ” says Laurent Labrune  Cegedim Group Deputy Managing Director.RevenueFirst quarter Change T1 2022 / 2021 in millions of euros 2022 2021 Reported Like for like (1) Software & services 71.2 68.8 +3.5% +2.7% Flow 22.6 21.0 +7.5% +7.3% Data & Marketing 22.5 19.9 +12.7% +12.7% BPO 12.3 11.7 +5.0% +5.0% Corporate and others 0.7 1.0 -33.3% -33.3% Cegedim 129.2 122.5 +5.5% +5.0%Analysis of business trends by divisionSoftware & ServicesQ1 2022 division revenues came to €71.2 million  up 2.7% like for like compared with the same period in 2021.All of the division’s activities turned in solid performances with the exception of the healthcare professional computerization business in the UK which  as expected  is still gearing up for recovery.__________(1) At constant scope and exchange rates. The positive currency impact of 0.4% was mainly due to the pound sterling. The positive scope effect of 0.1% was attributable to the first-time consolidation (at June 30  2021) of Kobus Tech.Story continuesFlowQ1 2022 division revenues came to €22.6 million  up 7.3% like for like(1) compared with the same period in 2021.The process digitalization and digital data flow business experienced strong growth in France and posted clear recoveries in the UK and Germany. The healthcare flow business related to healthcare reimbursements in France also grew.Data & MarketingQ1 2022 division revenues came to €22.5 million  up 12.7% like for like(1) compared with the same period in 2021.Data activity in France and digital communication solutions in France still have good momentum  posting double-digit growth. Futuramedia  a digital communication solutions expert  continues to roll out its offering in UK pharmacies.BPOQ1 2022 division revenues came to €12.3 million  up 5.0% like for like(1) compared with the same period in 2021.The business of providing services for insurance companies and mutual insurance providers was stable. On the other hand  the division got a boost from strong demand for BPO services from HR departments.Corporate and othersQ1 2022 division revenues came to €0.7 million  down 33.3% like for like(1) compared with the same period in 2021.HighlightsApart from the items cited below  to the best of the company’s knowledge. there were no events or changes during Q1 2022 that would materially alter the Group’s financial situation.War in UkraineThe Group does not do business in Russia or Ukraine and has no assets exposed to those countries.Cegedim in exclusive talks with Malakoff Humanis  Groupe VYV  and PRO BTP regarding acquisition of an equity stake in Cegedim SantéOn March 1  2022  Cegedim and social protection groups Malakoff Humanis  Groupe VYV  and PRO BTP announced that they were in exclusive talks regarding acquisition of an equity stake in Cegedim Santé  the Group subsidiary specialized in digital solutions for healthcare professionals and patients. As part of the deal  Cegedim Santé will acquire Groupe VYV subsidiary MesDocteurs  which specializes in telehealth.It is expected that an investment agreement will be signed in May 2022. The €65 million reserved capital increase will likely take place before June 2022. The deal values Cegedim Santé post-deal at €360.9 million. Cegedim will continue to fully consolidate Cegedim Santé.Euris litigationCegedim  jointly with IQVIA (formerly IMS Health)  is being sued by Euris for unfair competition. Cegedim has asked the court to dismiss the case against the Group. On December 17  2018  the Paris Commercial Court granted Cegedim’s request  which IQVIA then appealed. On December 8  2021  the Court of Appeals upheld the judgement in favor of Cegedim. IQVIA filed another appeal on February 19  2022.After consulting its external legal counsel  the Group had decided not to set aside any provisions.Significant transactions and events post March 31  2022To the best of the company’s knowledge  there were no post-closing events or changes after March 31  2022  that would materially alter the Group’s financial situation.__________(1) At constant scope and exchange rates.OutlookBased on Q1 2022 revenues up 5.0% like for like(1)  and despite the public health  economic  geopolitical and monetary uncertainty facing the world  the Group is confident it can grow revenues.Thus  in 2022 Cegedim expects like-for-like revenue growth(1) of around 5%. Considering the inflationary risk stemming from the current geopolitical situation  particularly pertaining to wages  the Group is temporarily suspending its communication regarding its 2022 recurring operating income(2) target.The Group does not expect to make any significant acquisitions in 2022.WEBCAST ON APRIL 28  2022  AT 6:15 PM (PARIS TIME) The webcast is available at: www.cegedim.fr/webcast The Q1 2022 revenues presentation is available:On the website: https://www.cegedim.fr/finance/documentation/Pages/presentations.aspxAnd on the Cegedim IR smartphone app  available at https://www.cegedim.fr/finance/profil/Pages/CegedimIR.aspxThe Audit Committee met on April 27  2022. The Board of Directors  chaired by Jean-Claude Labrune  met on April 28  2022.2022 financial calendar2022 June 17 at 9:30 amJuly 28 after the closeSeptember 20 after the closeOctober 27 after the close Shareholders’ meetingSecond-quarter 2022 revenuesFirst-half 2022 resultsThird-quarter 2022 revenuesDisclaimerThis press release is available in French and in English. In the event of any difference between the two versions  the original French version takes precedence. This press release may contain inside information. It was sent to Cegedim’s authorized distributor on April 28  2022  no earlier than 5:45 pm Paris time.The figures cited in this press release include guidance on Cegedim's future financial performance targets. This forward-looking information is based on the opinions and assumptions of the Group’s senior management at the time this press release is issued and naturally entails risks and uncertainty. For more information on the risks facing Cegedim  please refer to Chapter 7  “Risk management”  section 7.2  “Risk factors and insurance”  and Chapter 3  “Overview of the financial year”  section 3.6  “Outlook”  of the 2021 Universal Registration Document filled with the AMF on April 1st  2022  under number D.22-0232.About Cegedim:Founded in 1969  Cegedim is an innovative technology and services company in the field of digital data flow management for healthcare ecosystems and B2B  and a business software publisher for healthcare and insurance professionals. Cegedim employs more than 5 600 people in more than 10 countries and generated revenue of €525 million in 2021.Cegedim SA is listed in Paris (EURONEXT: CGM).To learn more  please visit: www.cegedim.frAnd follow Cegedim on Twitter @CegedimGroup  LinkedIn and Facebook.__________(1) At constant scope and exchange rates.(2) See 2021 Universal Registration Document Chapter 4 “Consolidated Financial Statements” section 4.6 Note 2 on Alternative performance indicators.Aude BalleydierCegedimMedia Relationsand Communications ManagerTel.: +33 (0)1 49 09 68 81aude.balleydier@cegedim.frJan Eryk UmiastowskiCegedimChief Investment andInvestor Relations OfficerTel.: +33 (0)1 49 09 33 36janeryk.umiastowski@cegedim.comCéline Pardo.BecomingMedia RelationsTel.: +33 (0)6 52 08 13 66cegedim@becoming-group.comAnnexesBreakdown of revenue by quarter and divisionYear 2022in € thousands Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Total Software & services 71.2 71.2 Flow 22.6 22.6 Data & marketing 22.5 22.5 BPO 12.3 12.3 Corporate and others 0.7 0.7 Group revenue 129.2 129.2Year 2021in € thousands Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Total Software & services 68.8 71.4 71.3 80.4 292.0 Flow 21.0 20.7 19.8 22.7 84.2 Data & marketing 19.9 24.8 21.8 31.9 98.4 BPO 11.7 11.2 11.4 13.0 47.3 Corporate and others 1.0 0.5 0.5 0.7 2.7 Group revenue 122.5 128.7 124.8 148.7 524.7Breakdown of revenue by geographic zone  currency and division at March 31  2022as a % of consolidated revenuesGeographic zone Currency France EMEAex. France Americas Euro GBP Others Software & services 83.2% 16.7% 0.1% 86.1% 12.0% 1.9% Flow 92.5% 7.5% 0.0% 95.7% 4.3% 0.0% Data & marketing 97.5% 2.5% 0.0% 97.5% 0.0% 2.5% BPO 100.0% 0.0% 0.0% 100.0% 0.0% 0.0% Corporate and others 99.4% 0.6% 0.0% 100.0% 0.0% 0.0% Cegedim 89.0% 11.0% 0.1% 91.1% 7.4% 1.5%Revenue comparison  sector vs. divisionQ1 2022 in millions of euros Health insurance  HR and e-servicesHealthcareprofessionals Corporateand others Total Software & services 35.7 35.5 0.0 71.2 Flow 22.6 0.0 0.0 22.6 Data & Marketing 22.5 0.0 0.0 22.5 BPO 12.3 0.0 0.0 12.3 Corporate and others 0.0 0.0 0.7 0.7 Cegedim 93.1 35.5 0.7 129.2Attachment,positive,0.73,0.25,0.01,mixed,0.4,0.22,0.38,True,English,"['promising start', 'Cegedim', 'Three major social protection groups', 'resilient, relevant business model', 'digital communication solutions expert', '€65 million reserved capital increase', 'healthcare professional computerization business', 'Groupe VYV subsidiary MesDocteurs', 'digital data flow business', 'talented, motivated teams', 'R&D teams', 'Deputy Managing Director', 'First quarter Change', 'positive currency impact', 'external legal counsel', 'public health backdrop', 'positive scope effect', 'mutual insurance providers', 'Quarterly financial information', 'healthcare flow business', 'Paris Commercial Court', 'Q1 2022 division revenues', 'digital solutions', 'Q1 2022 revenues', '€65 million stake', 'healthcare reimbursements', 'healthcare professionals', 'business trends', 'Regulated information', 'constant scope', 'insurance companies', 'financial situation', 'Group subsidiary', 'IMS Health', 'promising start', 'operating divisions', 'final agreement', 'same period', 'first-quarter performance', 'solid foundations', 'current geopolitical', 'Laurent Labrune', 'solid performances', 'exchange rates', 'pound sterling', 'first-time consolidation', 'Kobus Tech', 'process digitalization', 'clear recoveries', 'Data activity', 'good momentum', 'other hand', 'strong demand', 'HR departments', 'exclusive talks', 'Malakoff Humanis', 'PRO BTP', 'investment agreement', 'unfair competition', 'Significant transactions', 'closing event', 'division Software', 'equity stake', 'Cegedim SA', 'The Group', 'Euris litigation', 'strong growth', 'double-digit growth', 'UK pharmacies', 'Cegedim Group', 'BPO services', 'March', 'IFRS', 'investors', 'May', 'Boulogne-Billancourt', 'France', 'April', 'market', 'line', 'expectations', 'fact', 'goals', 'deal', 'sales', 'millions', 'euros', 'Corporate', 'others', 'Analysis', 'activities', 'exception', 'recovery', 'June', 'Story', 'Germany', 'Futuramedia', 'offering', 'boost', 'Highlights', 'items', 'company', 'knowledge', 'events', 'changes', 'Ukraine', 'Russia', 'assets', 'countries', 'acquisition', 'patients', 'telehealth', 'place', 'IQVIA', 'case', 'December', 'request', 'Appeals', 'judgement', 'favor', 'February', 'provisions', 'post']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3848,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/geojunxion-nv-ticker-gojxn-formerly-060000007.html,GeoJunxion NV (ticker: GOJXN.AS) Formerly called AND International Publishers NV (AND.AS) - Financial & Business update Q3 (Jan-Mar) and YTD (Jul-Mar) 2021/22,Capelle aan den IJssel  The Netherlands  28 April 2022  GeoJunxion reports positive cash flow for the quarter and year to date  strong revenue growth and...,GeoJunxion N.V.Capelle aan den IJssel  The Netherlands  28 April 2022  GeoJunxion reports positive cash flow for the quarter and year to date  strong revenue growth and consistent improvements in the development of new data products and services towards safety on the road and environmental sustainability.The current financial year covers the 12 months period from 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022. The third quarter of this financial year covers the period from 1 January to 31 March 2022  corresponding to Q3 of the financial year 2021/22. The first nine months cover the period from 1 July 2021 to 31 March 2022.In the third quarter  GeoJunxion’s business continued to show resilience and good performances. Revenue grew by 76% compared to the same quarter of the previous financial year and order intake showed growth of about 81% again compared to the same period of last year. For the first nine months of 2021/22 (from June to March) the growth on the order intake is of about 57% compared with the same period of the previous year and revenue grew by a very encouraging 63% for the same period. It’s also worth remarking that the cash flow was positive for both the quarter and the accounting year to date  showing clear evidence of the on-going turnaround.The main driver for the growth realized in the current accounting year is coming from the Location Intelligence Services. These have attracted the attention of public and private companies in various industry sectors and resulted in the increased strength of our backlog and opportunity pipeline. It is also worth noticing that order intake continues the positive trend in the diversification across all our product lines and services. We also see a transition from one-off to recurring multi-year business opportunities.FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS Q3 (JANUARY - MARCH) 2022 and YTD (JULY 2021 – MARCH 2022) VERSUS THE SAME PERIODS IN THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2020/21Positive Cash Flow for Q3 2021/22 (+€228K). Positive Cash Flow for the 9 Months in 2021/22 (+€79K).76 % Revenue growth for Q3 2021/22 compared to the same period in 2020/21. 9 months growth + 63 % .Flat Operational expenses (OPEX) for Q3 2021/22 compared to the same period in 2020/21. 9 months OPEX up by 1% YoY.57% improvement in Operating result for Q3 2021/22. 67% improvement for the 9 months of 2021/22EBITDA was positive again in Q3 by €32 K. For the 9 months +€270 KConsolidated 31 March 2022 cash-position equals €902 K.Story continuesOUTLOOK FOR THE ACCOUNTING YEAR 2021-2022While Covid-19 is still hampering various businesses and a new threat is raising from the conflict in Ukraine we continue experiencing strong interest in our product portfolio. Based on the orders in hand  we confirm our expectation of revenue growth for the accounting year 2021/22  in the range of 40 to 50% compared to the 12-month period from July 2020 to June 2021. This means our revenue is expected to come in between €2.350 K and €2.550 K for the accounting year ending per 30 June 2022.OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS AND STRATEGY UPDATEStrategy UpdateGeoJunxion’s strategy remains focused on creating “map agnostic” data products: digital geo-localized content  designed to be fully integrated into or overlaid on any commercial or open-source maps  or to be utilised in developing smart solutions for a large variety of use cases  in different industries and market sectors.GeoJunxion’s activities are directed towards establishing long-term relationships with our customers  through the creation of recurring business models rather than one-off opportunities. Although the relationship with clients frequently starts with a proof-of-concept or a custom one-off project  most of the Company’s efforts go into building value-added  dynamic content  requiring continuous and frequent updates to maintain and increase their value over time. This means that most of our proof-of-concept and one-off projects are a launch-pad for establishing a service or license contract  converting the initial activities into a recurring  more predictable and sustainable business model.When executing projects  GeoJunxion typically also retains the Intellectual Property and ownership of the newly developed datasets and solutions  which can be subsequently resold to other customers. Thereby  leveraging the initial investment and creating a virtuous business cycle.Our mission remains focused on improving road safety and contributing to a more sustainable world  reducing the impact on the environment through intelligent solutions enabling more environmentally conscious decisions.Central to GeoJunxion’s strategy are:Cost effective sourcing  production  ingestion  and aggregation of geodata.Flexible licensing models at competitive pricing.Direct delivery of dynamic  up-to-date content via APIs.Highly customised solutions and content creation.Market DevelopmentsDespite the general situation improved significantly  COVID 19 still impacted the mentioned quarter. Most of the companies remained cautious in their investments delaying some scheduled activities. While clear signs of improvement were raising in some industry sectors  the new coming threat of the conflict in Ukraine has brought other concerns and forced existing and potential customers to pay even more attention in their expenditures. At the time of publishing this report  we had no material business exposure to the recent events in Ukraine. There are no active customers  or deliveries due to be received from Ukraine or Russia. GeoJunxion’s pipeline of opportunities has limited exposure towards both countries. GeoJunxion is however exposed to raising inflation rates  as any other Company  due to increased energy and other raw material prices  which may impact the salary & benefit expenses over time.In the Automotive and Autonomous driving sectors  GeoJunxion has issued a number of interesting proposals during this quarter. Some have turned into closed orders.Significant efforts have been put in expanding the existing relations with big Global Tech Companies. We continue to deliver unique data content to be utilized as geo-fences in a wide variety of use cases.Business DevelopmentIn the quarter from January to March 2022  GeoJunxion continued to maintain its attention on the High Alert Zones data suite. In this quarter the focus has been not only on the Eco Alert Zones  which continued to be developed and updated  but also on new algorithms which enabled the development of a new set of specialized Safety Alert Zones: the School Safety Zones  which were launched at the beginning of April.In addition to this new dataset  the Location Intelligence Services have played a primary role in the business development of the period. In fact  in February  we closed contracts for additional three tailor-made Location Intelligence Services with two large global Tech Companies. All the activities are planned to be completed within the mid of Q4 2021/22. Two of these contracts are Proofs of Concept  perfectly aligned with GeoJunxion’s strategy  focused on safety on the road and environmental sustainability. All these activities  in the near future  may lead to very interesting contracts extensions and additional opportunities.At the same time  we completed the renewal of an important annual service agreement with a public administration. This confirms the Company’s attitude to serve and satisfy existing customers at the largest possible extent  while generating recurring income.Our Outdoor Venue Plan and Location Intelligence Services continue receiving interest from existing and prospect customers. This interest comes from local Municipalities  engaged in their path to the digitalization of their services  but also from private organizations with the goal to improve their customers’ experience.Business development during the quarter has been primarily focused on the acquisition of a new significant Location Intelligence contract with an important Navigation and Infotainment Systems supplier in the Automotive industry. The verbal agreement was received  and contract details clarified during this extremely busy Q3 2021/22. The formal contract has been signed in the very first days of April. We embrace this opportunity as a long-term partnership with clear technical and commercial objectives in common with our client and partner and with the intent to establish a solid and fruitful relationship for the years to come.Product DevelopmentProduct development during the third quarter of the fiscal year 2021/22 (January-March ‘22) was focused on the creation of the School Safety Zones.School Safety Zones – the cover of the Product DatasheetThis dynamic dataset perfectly fits GeoJunxion’s mission to foster safety and sustainability through location-aware content. This creates added value to B2B clients operating in the Automotive  Transport & Logistics  Real Estate  Utilities & Services markets  as well as public organizations.The formal product launch was done in the first days of April  but the development has been entirely completed during the past quarter. Three countries have been fully deployed: The Netherlands  Germany  and Italy. Many other countries are scheduled in the product roadmap  starting with Belgium and France.School Safety Zones – over one hundred thousand school zones in three countriesThe School Safety Zones are smart polygons/areas created around the location of Schools and Kindergartens. The zones consider various parameters: the infrastructures in proximity of the schools utilized to commute to and from the school  such as zebra crossing  dangerous intersections  walking and bicycle paths  bus stops and metro stations. In addition  the opening and closing times and the holidays for each type of school. This data has been stored in the metadata to create a dynamic dataset  capable to inform when the areas are more crowded with vulnerable pedestrians. At the end of the quarter  we deployed over one hundred thousand school zones  and we expect at least to double them by the end of the summer.School Safety Zones – an example of areas developed utilizing GeoJunxion’s proprietary algorithmsThe development of the School Safety Zones is also relevant due to the proprietary algorithms and mathematical methods used to create the areas. These are fully customizable  enabling us to build new types of smart polygons around other potentially dangerous areas  such as Hospitals  Playgrounds  Stadiums crowded event areas and many more.ORDER INTAKEThe order intake for the quarter January-March 2022 showed an increase of +81% compare with the same period of the previous year. When we consider the nine months of the current financial year  from June 2021 till March 2022  the growth in the order intake is about +57%  compared with the same period of the previous year.REVENUEThe Q3 2021/22 revenue increased by +76% compared to the same quarter last year. Revenue increased  with +63% in the period June ‘21 - March ’22. GeoJunxion tracks its revenue by product type and by the nature of the underlying contract (recurring versus non-recurring). The main revenue growth has been realized in non-recurring services  but also the recurring revenue from licenses  royalties and recurring services had an increase. The recurring service revenue primarily includes the updating services of our Eco Alert Zones product. The non-recurring service revenue includes the tailor-made collection of data sets and creation of geo-located content.ORGANIZATIONDuring the past quarter  the Operations and R&D have been strengthened by recruiting new hires. This was necessary to serve new and existing customers  but also to develop new IP  content  and services in a more efficient manner. We strongly believe in automation and efficiency in delivering quality products. For this reason  we intend to invest more in advanced research in fields like image detection  deep-learning and  more in general  in artificial intelligence applied to our business.FINANCIAL POSITIONGeoJunxion progresses in turning its business around from a digital map supplier focused on one-off large deals  to a premium location content and location intelligence service provider with a subscription based  recurring “data as a service” revenue model. During the quarter GeoJunxion has continued to invest in product development  in strengthening its R&D and Operations teams. The results reported for Q3 and the first nine months of the 2021/22 financial year are the evidence of this progress. Based on our current outlook  the available cash on hand is estimated to be sufficient to cover our operational requirements for at least the next 12 months.APPOINTMENT OF EXTERNAL AUDITOR – Status updateGeoJunxion is one of 9 actively trading companies  quoted on Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange  that have been unable to present audited financial statements  because of unavailability of a PIE/OOB licensed auditor. The proposed legislation regarding the future of the Dutch Accountancy Sector (voorstel voor de Wet toekomst accountancy sector)  includes a proposed process whereby the NBA (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants)  at the request of the company  can assign a PIE/OOB licensed auditor and determine a reasonable fee for the auditing activities. The Management Board welcomes and supports this initiative and hopes that this proposal obtains the necessary support to be converted into legislation in a timely way.RISK MANAGEMENTRisk management is an integral managerial task. Our risk management and control procedures take into consideration the size of the company and the character of the business to identify the most significant risks which the company is exposed to. The risks identified are discussed on a periodical basis and mitigated or fully resolved  where possible. Such a system cannot provide absolute certainty that objectives will be realized. Neither can it guarantee prevention of potential cases of material mistakes  damage  fraud  or breaches of statutory laws.The 2020-21 annual report  as published in October 2021  describes the primary strategic  operational  and financial risks. The risks and uncertainties described in the annual report are relevant and are deemed incorporated and repeated by reference in this report. There were no cases of material damage  fraud or breaches of law detected since issuing the Annual Accounts.On the Social aspect  we continue to pay particular attention on preventive actions to limit exposure of our people to Covid-19  encouraging and supporting smart working from home  and establishing clear rules for those that need to be physically present in our offices. Our people are our key assets  and we do whatever we can to keep them safe and healthy.BOARD OF MANAGEMENT STATEMENTThe Board of Management hereby declares that  to the best of its knowledge  the summarized Q3 (January – March 2022) and the nine months period (July 2021– March 2022) interim consolidated financial statements  drawn up in accordance with IAS 34 “Interim financial reporting”  represents a faithful rendering of the assets  liabilities  financial position  profit and cash flow of GeoJunxion NV and its subsidiary as stated in the consolidated financial statements  and that the Board report  as included in this Interim Financial statements  represents a faithful rendering of the information required in relation to item 5:25d subs 8 and 9 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act.GROUP STRUCTURE SIMPLIFICATIONThe GeoJunxion group structure was significantly simplified in the past quarters:The AND Data India Private Ltd entity liquidation process was completed  with the approval of the NCLT court in Mumbai in November.The two Dutch dormant entities: AND Publishers B.V. and AND Holding B.V. were liquidated. The registration of both entities at the Chamber of Commerce (KVK) were removed  and the final tax declarations were completed.After this simplification  the group contains only 2 entities: GeoJunxion N.V. and its 100% subsidiary GeoJunxion B.V.FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS / IMPORTANT NOTICEThis document contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial position and results of GeoJunxion. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events  including assumptions regarding our present and future business strategies  operations  and the environment in which we will operate in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements  and you should not place undue reliance on them.Many of these risks and uncertainties relate to factors that are beyond the company’s ability to control or estimate precisely  such as timing of placement of orders of our customers  exchange-rate and interest-rate fluctuations  labor and other cost inflation  changes in tax rates  regulatory and legal changes  the rate of technological change  the competitive landscape  political developments in countries in which the company operates and the risk of a downturn in the market.The forward-looking statements contained herein speak only as of the date they are made. We do not assume any obligation to update any public information or forward-looking statement in this document to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document  except as may be required by applicable laws.Capelle aan den IJssel  28 April 2022 Ivo Vleeschouwers – CEO / CFOFrancesco Altamura - CBOThis is a public announcement by GeoJunxion N.V.  pursuant to article 17  paragraph 1 of the European Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014). This public announcement does not constitute an offer  or solicitation of an offer  to buy or offer securities in GeoJunxion N.V.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.58,0.15,0.26,True,English,"['Business update Q3', 'International Publishers NV', 'GeoJunxion NV', 'GOJXN.AS', 'AND.AS', 'ticker', 'Financial', 'Jan-Mar', 'YTD', 'Jul-Mar', 'Capelle aan den IJssel', 'map agnostic” data products', 'recurring multi-year business opportunities', 'STRATEGY UPDATE Strategy Update', 'new data products', 'recurring business models', 'environmentally conscious decisions', 'Cost effective sourcing', 'Flexible licensing models', 'virtuous business cycle', 'Flat Operational expenses', 'digital geo-localized content', 'value-added, dynamic content', 'sustainable business model', 'positive cash flow', 'various industry sectors', 'custom one-off project', 'first nine months', 'Location Intelligence Services', 'current financial year', 'GeoJunxion N.V.', 'current accounting year', 'previous financial year', 'strong revenue growth', 'off opportunities', 'positive trend', 'previous year', 'various businesses', 'new threat', 'strong interest', 'OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS', 'market sectors', 'sustainable world', 'FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS', 'last year', 'consistent improvements', 'environmental sustainability', 'good performances', 'order intake', 'clear evidence', 'going turnaround', 'main driver', 'opportunity pipeline', 'product lines', 'SAME PERIODS', 'Operating result', 'product portfolio', 'open-source maps', 'large variety', 'use cases', 'different industries', 'long-term relationships', 'frequent updates', 'license contract', 'Intellectual Property', 'initial investment', 'competitive pricing', 'Direct delivery', 'content creation', 'Market Developments', 'general situation', 'scheduled activit', 'date content', '12-month period', 'smart solutions', 'intelligent solutions', 'customised solutions', '12 months period', 'third quarter', 'same quarter', 'private companies', 'initial activities', 'other customers', '9 months growth', '76 % Revenue growth', 'The Netherlands', 'March 2022 cash-position', 'road safety', '31 March', '1 July', '30 June', '1 January', 'Q3', 'resilience', 'attention', 'public', 'strength', 'backlog', 'diversification', 'transition', 'YTD', 'OPEX', '57% improvement', '67% improvement', 'EBITDA', 'Story', 'OUTLOOK', 'Covid', 'conflict', 'Ukraine', 'orders', 'hand', 'expectation', 'range', '50 K', 'commercial', 'clients', 'proof', 'concept', 'Company', 'efforts', 'continuous', 'time', 'projects', 'launch-pad', 'predictable', 'ownership', 'datasets', 'mission', 'impact', 'production', 'ingestion', 'aggregation', 'geodata', 'APIs', 'investments', '28', '40']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3849,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-publishes-q1-2022-trading-050600161.html,VEON publishes Q1 2022 trading update,VEON Ltd. (VEON) announces a trading update for the first quarter ended 31 March 2022  including selected financial and operating results:,"Protecting stakeholder value delivering continued local currency growth across our operationsAMSTERDAM  April 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (VEON) announces a trading update for the first quarter ended 31 March 2022  including selected financial and operating results:VEON ended 1Q22 with revenue of USD 1 823 million  +9.8% YoY in local currency (-0.4% YoY in reported currency) and EBITDA of USD 775 million  +5.7% YoY in local currency (-4.0% YoY in reported currency). Group capex was USD 367 million (-6.2% YoY)  with capex intensity of 23.2%  -2.2 p.p. YoY. Group net debt/EBITDA was 2.4x.Commenting on results  Kaan Terzioğlu said:""I am proud of how our teams are tackling the current challenges and ensuring service and business continuity  keeping our 220 million customers across nine countries connected. Our commitment to provide access to information and other vital digital services is intact in these character-building times. The solid results we are reporting today illustrate our operational and financial discipline. We continue to enjoy high-single-digit growth and we have improved our capital structure.""1Q 2022 highlights:Revenue of USD 1 823 million  +9.8% YoY in local currency (-0.4% YoY reported currency)EBITDA of USD 775 million  +5.7% YoY in local currency (-4.0% YoY reported currency)Capex of USD 367 million  -6.2% YoY  capex intensity of 23.2%Total cash USD 1.904 million  with USD 1 304 million at Headquarters (additional USD 692 million in committed undrawn credit lines)206 million mobile subscribers  up 3.9% YoY100.8 million 4G users  up 24.3% YoYNet debt/EBITDA ratio of 2.4xCurrent ratio (Current assets/Current liabilities) of 1.11xGroup revenue increased by 9.8% in local currency terms (-0.4% in reported currency). All our operating companies delivered YoY revenue growth in local currency terms. Strong growth in data revenue  up 17.1% in local currency terms (+7.1% in reported currency)  was a key driver of strong Group revenue performance.Story continuesUkraine revenues increased 15.1% YoY in local currency (+12.7% in reported currency) a good result given the ongoing conflict in the country. For March 2022  Ukraine reported revenue of UAH 2.8 billion (+16.7% YoY)  with service revenue of UAH 2.7 billion (+16.7% YoY). This performance was driven once again by continued growth in Kyivstar's 4G customer base  which increased 30.7% YoY. Mobile revenue growth was also supported by higher roaming revenues  which increased 3.0x YoY.Russia reported 1Q22 revenue growth of 5.6% YoY in local currency (-6.9% YoY in reported currency). The average March exchange rate used for consolidation was 104.1 ruble per dollar  impacting reported numbers. 1Q22 mobile service revenue was up 3.3% YoY and fixed-line service revenue was up 8.2% YoY in local currency. For March 2022  Russia reported revenue of RUB 24.9 billion (+3.6% YoY)  with service revenue of RUB 22.2 billion (+3.7%).Pakistan revenue increased 9.1% YoY in local currency (-2.6% YoY in reported currency) driven by strong growth in data revenue  notwithstanding the increase in withholding tax from 10% to 15% on 16 January 2022 and the reduction in mobile termination rates.In Kazakhstan revenues increased 20% YoY in local currency (+10.6% in reported currency)  another excellent performance especially taking into account the unrest in January 2022. For January 2022  Kazakhstan reported revenue of KZT 20.4 billion (+15.6% YoY)  with service revenue of KZT 19.7 billion (+15.0% YoY).Group 1Q22 EBITDA rose by 5.7% in local currency terms (-4.0% in reported currency) and we reported positive local currency EBITDA performance across all markets. In Russia  EBITDA increased 2.8% YoY in local currency (-9.3% in reported currency)  marking the fourth consecutive quarter of growth. Excluding the impact of charitable donations and employee support  in Ukraine Kyivstar's EBITDA grew 9.3% YoY in local currency and in Kazakhstan  Beeline's EBITDA grew 16.5% in local currency. Excluding these extraordinary costs  Group EBITDA increased 7.3% YoY in local currency. We remain focused on implementing planned cost efficiency measures across the business.We reported healthy growth of 3.9% YoY in our 1Q22 subscriber base. The Group continued to focus on the overall customer experience on our 4G networks. This supported the growth in our 4G subscriber base  which reached 100.8 million  adding an additional 19.7 million users over the past 12 months. 4G subscribers now account for 48.8% of our total subscriber base  up 8.0 p.p. from a year ago.Our financial service business in Pakistan  JazzCash  ended the quarter with 15.7 million MAUs  a rise of 12.2% YoY. In Bangladesh  Toffee TV reached 6.3 million MAU (+86.9% YoY) in 1Q22. Our digital operator in Kazakhstan  'izi'  ended the quarter with 101 000 subscribers  an increase of 87% YoY.Group capex was USD 367 million with capex intensity of 23.2%  driven in particular by increased network investments in Bangladesh and Pakistan in line with our growth strategy.On 12 April 2022  Jazz signed a core 4G license renewal with the Pakistan Telecommunication Authority  for a fee of USD 486.2 million for a duration of 15 years  with 50% paid upfront and the balance over five years. Fifty percent of the fees (PKR 44.54 billion  equivalent to USD 243.1 million) was settled before signing in April 2022. On 31 March 2022  Banglalink acquired new spectrum in the 2300 MHz band for USD 205 million  payable in installments over 11 years  doubling the company's spectrum holding. We believe this investment will continue to support Banglalink's ambitious nation-wide 4G growth strategy.We closed the quarter with total cash of USD 1.9 billion  with a further USD 0.7 billion in undrawn revolving credit facilities. All our operations are in general self-funding.Following the exercise of the put option for our stake in Algeria on 1 July 2021  the Algerian business became  in line with the requirements of IFRS 5  a discontinued operation  and is accounted for as an ""asset held for sale"". The result is that the Algerian operations do not contribute to VEON's comparison base or actual reported numbers  without any change in the net economic value of this business. The final valuation for the put option was concluded at USD 682 million for VEON's stake in Djezzy.We further strengthened the management team with the appointment of Atyab Tahir as the CEO of JazzCash effective 1 May 2022. Michiel Soeting  former global lead partner at KPMG  joined the VEON Board as a non-executive director and Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee effective 16 March 2022.VEON is not the subject of any sanctions imposed by the European Union  the United States or the United Kingdom. We remain confident that the international community understands our industry's unique position as an essential service provider  with regulators outlining their support for sectors essential to humanitarian activities  including the flow of information and access to the internet.VEON has suspended all activities related to the previously proposed re-domiciliation of VEON Ltd. to the United Kingdom and will continue to consider the optimal corporate structure for the group.Key recent developments:Changes to the VEON Board . On 1 March 2022  VEON announced that Mikhail Fridman had resigned as a director of the VEON Board (the ""Board"") with effect from 28 February 2022. On 8 March 2022  VEON announced that Mr. Robert Jan van de Kraats had stepped down as a director from the VEON Board with effect from 7 March 2022. On 16 March 2022  VEON announced that Michiel Soeting  former global lead partner at KPMG  had joined the VEON Board as a non-executive director and Chairman of the Audit & Risk Committee.Bond repayment. On 28 February VEON utilized USD 430 million under its RCF and used these funds to repay its USD 417 million notes which matured on 1 March 2022  and to pay the accrued interest on these notes.VEON concludes repayment of VTB Bank loan. On 11 March 2022  VEON announced that its subsidiary had prepaid a RUB 30 billion (approximately USD 259 million  based on a USD-RUB exchange rate of 115.7) interest-bearing loan with VTB Bank (PJSC) (""VTB"") in accordance with its terms  and the facility has been cancelled. Following this payment to VTB  the VEON Group had no further loans outstanding with VTB.VEON credit rating update. On 14 March 2022  VEON announced that Fitch and S&P had downgraded the Company's credit ratings following the announcement of new country ceilings for Ukraine and the Russian Federation.VEON Holdings B.V. reiterates currency election on its Ruble-denominated notes. On 18 March 2022  VEON reiterated the currency election terms for the holders of the ruble denominated notes issued under VEON Holdings B.V.'s Global Medium Term Note Programme.Novation of loans. In April 2022  two group-level loans  with Sberbank and Alfa Bank respectively  and totaling RUB 90 billion (c.USD 1.070 billion  based on a USD-RUB exchange rate of 84.09)  were novated to PJSC VimpelCom  which resulted in the release of the former borrower (VEON Finance Ireland) and the former guarantor (VEON Holdings BV).Key increases in VEON shareholding in 1Q22. On 14 March 2022  Exor Capital (London  UK) filed a stock market notification that their VEON shareholding had increased to above 5%. On 31 March 2022  Shah Capital Management (Raleigh  NC  US) filed a stock market notification stating that their VEON shareholding had increased to 2.87%  or 50.1 million shares.Algeria put option. Following the exercise of the put option for our stake in Algeria on 1 July 2021  the Algerian business became  in line with the requirements of IFRS 5  a discontinued operation  and is accounted for as an ""asset held for sale"". The final valuation for the put option was concluded at USD 682 million for VEON's stake in Djezzy and the process is on track.Spectrum acquisition in Bangladesh and license renewal in Pakistan. On 1 April 2022  VEON announced that Banglalink has acquired new spectrum  doubling the company's spectrum holding. Banglalink acquired 40 MHz of spectrum from the 2300 GHz band  ensuring that Banglalink retains its position as the top private operator in Bangladesh in terms of spectrum per customer. On 12 April 2022  Jazz signed a 4G license renewal with the Pakistan Telecommunication Authority for a fee of USD 486.2 million for 15 years  50% of which (PKR 44.54 billion  equivalent to USD 243.1 million) was settled  before signing in April 2022  and the remaining amount will be paid in five equal annual instalments. Both transactions were funded in local currency facilities secured through domestic banking partners.Increased local currency debt funding. On 16 April 2022  Jazz in Pakistan signed a PKR 40 billion (c. USD 222 million) syndicated loan with a 10 year maturity. On 26 April 2022  Banglalink signed a BDT 12 billion (c. USD 135 million) syndicated loan with a 5 year maturity.Atyab Tahir appointed as CEO of JazzCash. On 14 March 2022  VEON announced the appointment of Atyab Tahir as Chief Executive Officer of JazzCash  the number one digital financial services provider in Pakistan and a division of Jazz  effective 1 May 2022.VEON not subject to sanctions. On 4 March 2022  VEON confirmed its conclusion that it is not the subject of sanctions  following the introduction of EU sanctions on LetterOne shareholders  Mr. Fridman and Mr. Aven on 28 February 2022.Group senior management shareholding. On 28 February 2022  VEON announced the details of management share awards following the finalization of the management incentive plan.VEON confirms notification from NASDAQ on minimum share price requirement. On 12 April 2022  VEON confirmed that it had received notification on 7 April 2022 VEON from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq Stock Market (""Nasdaq"") stating that VEON is not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq's Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). This does not impact current Nasdaq listing and trading  and VEON confirmed that it would evaluate options to return to compliance.Additional informationView the full 1Q22 trading updateView 1Q22 trading update presentationAbout VEONVEON is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-listed global provider of connectivity and digital services  headquartered in Amsterdam. Our vision is to empower customer ambitions through technology  acting as a digital concierge to guide their choices and connect them with resources that match their needs.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com.Notice to reader: impact of conflictVEON's results presented in this trading update are  unless otherwise stated  based on IFRS and have not been externally reviewed and audited. The financial information included in this trading update is preliminary and is based on a number of assumptions that are subject to inherent uncertainties and subject to change. The financial information presented herein is based on internal management accounts  is the responsibility of management and is subject to financial closing procedures which have not yet been completed and has not been audited  reviewed or verified. Although we believe the information to be reasonable  actual results may vary from the information contained above and such variations could be material. As such  you should not place undue reliance on this information. This information may not be indicative of the actual results for the quarter or any future period.The ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the sanctions imposed by the United States  member states of the European Union  the European Union itself  the United Kingdom  Ukraine and certain other nations  countermeasure sanctions by Russia and other legal and regulatory responses  as well as responses by our service providers  partners  suppliers and other counterparties  and the consequences of all of the foregoing have significantly impacted and will continue to significantly impact our results and operations in Russia and Ukraine  and may significantly affect our results and operations in the other countries in which we operate. We are closely monitoring events in Russia and Ukraine  as well as the possibility of the imposition of further sanctions in connection with the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and any resulting further rise in tensions between Russia  and the United States  the United Kingdom and/or the European Union. We hope that there will be a peaceful and amicable resolution and are doing everything we can to protect the safety of our employees  while continuing to ensure the uninterrupted operation of our communications  financial and digital services.The broad nature of the financial sanctions targeted at the Russian financial system  including several banks that have historically provided funding to the Company  the comprehensive sanctions on investment and vendors in Russia and the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine may have a material impact on the Company's operations and business plans in Russia and Ukraine. Over the next few months  we will be undertaking an assessment of the need for and amount of potential impairment charges  which is not as of yet determinable due to a number of factors  including the fluidity of the current situation and our ability to obtain relevant data required to build a business plan given the ongoing conflict and associated uncertainties. We anticipate that we will report material impairment charges with respect to assets in Ukraine and/or Russia during 2022  unless there is a significant improvement in the current underlying conditions  including a lasting resolution of the ongoing conflict. However  we are still gathering the necessary data and we are not able at this time to estimate the amount or range of this potential impairment charge to the profit and loss statement. Such an impairment charge  if any  would have no impact on the Company's cash flow.DisclaimerThis trading update contains ""forward-looking statements""  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. These forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as ""may "" ""might "" ""will "" ""could "" ""would "" ""should "" ""expect "" ""plan "" ""anticipate "" ""intend "" ""seek "" ""believe "" ""estimate "" ""predict "" ""potential "" ""continue "" ""contemplate "" ""possible"" and other similar words. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to  among other things  VEON's plans to implement its strategic priorities  including operating model and development plans; anticipated performance  including VEON's ability to generate sufficient cash flow; VEON's assessment of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its current and future operations and financial condition; VEON's assessment of the impact of the conflict surrounding Russia and Ukraine  including related sanctions and counter-sanctions  on its current and future operations and financial condition; future market developments and trends; operational and network development and network investment  including expectations regarding the roll-out and benefits of 3G/4G/LTE networks  as applicable; spectrum acquisitions and renewals; the effect of the acquisition of additional spectrum on customer experience; VEON's ability to realize the acquisition and disposition of any of its businesses and assets and to execute its strategic transactions in the timeframes anticipated  or at all; VEON's ability to realize financial improvements  including an expected reduction of net pro-forma leverage ratio following the successful completion of certain dispositions and acquisitions; our dividends; and VEON's ability to realize its targets and commercial initiatives in its various countries of operation.The forward-looking statements included in this trading update are based on management's best assessment of VEON's strategic and financial position and of future market conditions  trends and other potential developments. These discussions involve risks and uncertainties. The actual outcome may differ materially from these statements as a result of  among other things: further escalation in the conflict surrounding Russia and Ukraine  including further sanctions and counter-sanctions and any related involuntary deconsolidation of our Russian and/or Ukrainian operations; further unanticipated developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic  such as the effect on consumer spending  that has negatively affected VEON's operations and financial condition in the past; demand for and market acceptance of VEON's products and services; our plans regarding our dividend payments and policies  as well as our ability to receive dividends  distributions  loans  transfers or other payments or guarantees from our subsidiaries; continued volatility in the economies in VEON's markets; governmental regulation of the telecommunications industries; general political uncertainties in VEON's markets; government investigations or other regulatory actions; litigation or disputes with third parties or regulatory authorities or other negative developments regarding such parties; the impact of export controls and laws affecting trade and investment on our and important third-party suppliers' ability to procure goods  software or technology necessary for the services we provide to our customers; risks associated with data protection or cyber security  other risks beyond the parties' control or a failure to meet expectations regarding various strategic priorities  the effect of foreign currency fluctuations  increased competition in the markets in which VEON operates and the effect of consumer taxes on the purchasing activities of consumers of VEON's services.Certain other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in any forward-looking statements include the risk factors described in VEON's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2020 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the ""SEC"") on 15 March 2021 and other public filings made from time to time by VEON with the SEC  including VEON's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 to be filed with the SEC on 29 April 2022. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could harm our future results. New risk factors and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties  nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Under no circumstances should the inclusion of such forward-looking statements in this press release be regarded as a representation or warranty by us or any other person with respect to the achievement of results set out in such statements or that the underlying assumptions used will in fact be the case. Therefore  you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. We cannot assure you that any projected results or events will be achieved. Except to the extent required by law  we disclaim any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  after the date on which the statements are made  or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.In addition  we present certain information on a forward-looking basis. We are not able to  without unreasonable efforts  provide a full reconciliation to IFRS due to potentially high variability  complexity and low visibility as to the items that would be excluded from the comparable IFRS measure in the relevant future period  including  but not limited to  depreciation and amortization  impairment loss  loss on disposal of non-current assets  financial income and expenses  foreign currency exchange losses and gains  income tax expense and performance transformation costs  cash and cash equivalents  long-term and short-term deposits  interest accrued related to financial liabilities  other unamortized adjustments to financial liabilities  derivatives  and other financial liabilities.Contact InformationInvestor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com+31 20 79 77 200CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veon-publishes-q1-2022-trading-update-301534996.htmlSOURCE VEON Ltd",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,positive,0.73,0.22,0.05,True,English,"['Q1 2022 trading update', 'VEON', 'committed undrawn credit lines', 'other vital digital services', 'positive local currency EBITDA performance', 'average March exchange rate', '1Q22 mobile service revenue', 'strong Group revenue performance', 'continued local currency growth', 'mobile termination rates', 'Kaan Terzioğlu', 'cost efficiency measures', 'overall customer experience', '1Q22 subscriber base', '4G customer base', '4G subscriber base', 'Net debt/EBITDA ratio', 'total subscriber base', 'higher roaming revenues', 'fourth consecutive quarter', 'Mobile revenue growth', 'fixed-line service revenue', '206 million mobile subscribers', '100.8 million 4G users', 'local currency terms', '1Q22 revenue growth', 'Group 1Q22 EBITDA', 'financial service business', 'YoY revenue growth', 'continued growth', 'excellent performance', 'digital operator', 'Strong growth', '19.7 million users', '4G networks', '4G subscribers', 'Total cash', 'Current ratio', '220 million customers', '15.7 million MAUs', '6.3 million MAU', 'high-single-digit growth', 'healthy growth', 'The Group', 'growth strategy', 'data revenue', 'Group capex', 'Group EBITDA', 'stakeholder value', 'trading update', 'current challenges', 'business continuity', 'nine countries', 'character-building times', 'financial discipline', 'capital structure', '1Q 2022 highlights', 'Current assets', 'Current liabilities', 'operating companies', 'key driver', 'good result', 'ongoing conflict', 'withholding tax', 'charitable donations', 'employee support', 'extraordinary costs', 'past 12 months', 'Toffee TV', 'network investments', 'capex intensity', 'first quarter', 'operating results', 'solid results', 'Pakistan revenue', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Ukraine revenues', '101,000 subscribers', '4.0% YoY', '5.6% YoY', '3.9% YoY', 'operations', 'AMSTERDAM', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'USD', 'teams', 'commitment', 'access', 'information', 'operational', 'Headquarters', '2.4x', 'Story', 'country', 'UAH', 'Kyivstar', 'Russia', 'consolidation', '104.1 ruble', 'dollar', 'numbers', 'increase', '16 January', 'reduction', 'Kazakhstan', 'account', 'unrest', 'KZT', 'markets', 'impact', 'Beeline', 'JazzCash', 'rise', 'Bangladesh', '23.']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3850,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wendel-q1-2022-trading-good-053000261.html,WENDEL: Q1 2022 Trading update - Good start of the year across portfolio,Q1 2022 Trading update Good start of the year across portfolio Q1 2022 consolidated net sales: €2 007.2 million  up 14.9% overall and up 9.9% organically...,"WENDELQ1 2022 Trading updateGood start of the year across portfolioQ1 2022 consolidated net sales: €2 007.2 million  up 14.9% overall and up 9.9% organically year-on-year· Strong growth across portfolio in Q1 2022· Double digit organic growth for ACAMS  CPI  Constantia Flexibles and Tarkett· Strong organic growth for Bureau Veritas (+8.0%) and Stahl (+5.0%)· Positive FX impacts across the portfolio (+2.9% consolidated)Net asset value as of March 31  2022: €7 420 million or €165.8 per share  down 1% vs. March 31  2021 (€167.4 per share) and down 11.9% YTD (€188.1)  impacted by market fallActive portfolio rotation and capital deployment since the start of 2022Disposal of Cromology closed on January 21  2022  generating €896 million in proceeds for Wendelc.€304 1 million equity invested to acquire ACAMS on March 10  2022Wendel Lab: €30.5 million new commitments in Q1 2022 bringing the total to €145 million€15 million of Wendel shares bought back in Q1 2022Strong financial structureSuccessful issue of €300 million 12-year bond at 1.375% coupon on January 16  2022LTV ratio of 5.8% as of March 31  2022Further optimization of the cost and maturity of Wendel’s debt: exercise on April 19  2022  of the make-whole redemption of bonds maturing in October 2024  resulting in an average maturity extended to 7.1 2 years and an average weighted cost lowered to 1.7%Pro forma total liquidity of €1.7 billion3 as of March 31  2022  including €960 million of cash and €750 million available under the committed credit facility (fully undrawn)Return to shareholders and 2021 DividendWendel to cancel 377 323 of its treasury shares (0.84% of the share capital) on April 29  2022. Cancellation of these shares will have a pro forma positive impact of +€0.7/share on the March 31  2022’s NAV due to the current significant share discount to NAV. Following the cancellation  the number of outstanding shares will be 44 370 620.· Ordinary dividend of €3.0 per share for 2021  up 3.4%  to be proposed at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on June 16  2022  representing a yield of 2.85%4 .Story continuesAndré François-Poncet  Wendel Group CEO  commented:“The first quarter of 2022 confirmed the overall organic trends observed at the end of last year in sales across our portfolio. This strong growth comes with challenging conditions regarding raw materials availability and price  but our companies have clearly shown their ability to adapt to fast changing environments. Our net asset value has been quite resilient  despite the first quarter stock market turmoil  and we opportunistically took advantage of the sizeable discount to NAV to buy back some Wendel shares.We have continued our objective of capital redeployment in line with our roadmap with the acquisition of ACAMS which further enhances the growth profile of our portfolio  following the acquisition of CPI. This transaction was creative  illustrating our team’s ability to carry out complex projects as the buyer of choice.As we look forward  our robust balance sheet with relatively little corporate and portfolio company leverage overall and our long-term perspective should allow us to continue to execute our roadmap capitalizing on acquisition opportunities which will likely result from current volatile circumstances.”Q1 2022 sales of Group companiesQ1 2022 consolidated sales(in millions of euros) Q1 2021 Q1 2022 Δ Organic Δ Bureau Veritas 1 154.7 1 290.1 +11.7% +8.0% Constantia Flexibles 366.7 464.2 +26.6% +17.8% Stahl 210.1 224.9 +7.0% +5.0% Crisis Prevention Institute 15.3 20.8 +35.8% +27.2% ACAMS(1) n.a 7.2 n.a n.a Consolidated net sales(2) 1 746.9 2 007.2 +14.9% +9.9%ACAMS accounts have been consolidated since March 11  2022. Comparable sales for Q1 2021 represent €1 746.9m vs. 2021 published sales of €1 912.8m. The difference of c. €166.0m corresponds to Cromology group  classified as asset held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5. The contribution of this portfolio company has been reclassified in ""Net income from discontinued operations and operations held for sale” since November 2021. Cromology was sold by the Group beginning of 2022.Q1 2022 sales of equity accounted companies(in millions of euros) Q1 2021 Q1 2022 Δ Organic Δ Tarkett 558.8 684.7 +22.5% +19.2%Sales of Group companiesBureau Veritas – Strong organic revenue growth in the first quarter of 2022; Solid 2022 outlook confirmed(full consolidation)Bureau Veritas’ revenue in the first quarter of 2022 amounted to €1 290.1 million  a 11.7% increase compared with Q1 2021. Organic growth was 8.0%  compared to a 2.5% increase in the last quarter of 2021 and benefited from a catch-up effect following the cyber-attack which occurred in Q4 2021.Three businesses delivered strong organic growth  Industry 11.9%  Agri-Food & Commodities 9.5%  and Buildings & Infrastructure 7.1%. The rest of the portfolio saw mid-single-digit growth  with Marine & Offshore  up 6.5% organically  Consumer Products up 4.6% and Certification up 4.0%.By geography  activities in Americas strongly outperformed the rest of Bureau Veritas (26% of revenue; up 17.1% organically)  led by a 10.0% increase in North America (Buildings & Infrastructure driven) and by a 29.7% increase in Latin America (led by Brazil notably). The activity in Asia Pacific (29% of revenue; up 4.5% organically) benefited from robust growth in China and in Australia as well as strong growth in India. Europe (36% of revenue; up 3.9% organically) was led by robust performance in France  strong growth in Italy and the Netherlands. Finally  in Africa and the Middle East (9% of revenue)  business increased by 13.9% on an organic basis  essentially driven by Buildings & Infrastructure and energy projects in the Middle East.The scope effect was a positive 0.5%  reflecting bolt-on acquisitions realized in the past few quarters. Currency fluctuations had a positive impact of 3.2%  mainly due to the appreciation of the USD and pegged currencies against the euro  which was partly offset by the depreciation of some emerging countries' currencies.2022 outlook confirmed:Based on a healthy sales pipeline and the significant growth opportunities related to Sustainability  and assuming there are no severe lockdowns in its main countries of operation due to Covid-19  for the full year 2022  Bureau Veritas still expects to:Achieve strong organic revenue growth; mid-single-digit organic revenue growth;Improve the adjusted operating margin;Generate sustained strong cash flow with a cash conversion5 above 90%.For more information: https://group.bureauveritas.comConstantia Flexibles –Record organic growth of 17.8% mostly driven by price increases  to compensate input cost inflation  as well as robust volume growth(full consolidation)Q1 2022 sales totaled €464.2 million  up 26.6% compared with Q1 2021 (€366.7 million). Constantia’s sales were up by 17.8% organically over the period  driven mostly by waves of price increases to compensate for the inflationary pressure input costs  notably raw materials and energy. It is worth noting that Q1 2022 has marked an encouraging return to organic volume growth  confirming the good momentum instilled by the new management team’s commercial initiatives. However  the market in India remains very challenging and management is reviewing several options for this division in order to address the challenges there.Consumer market revenues grew organically by 20.0% driven by price increases and volume growth  notably in snacks and baked goods. The Pharma division posted +11.5% organic growth driven mainly by prices. Q1 2022 is not completely comparable with Q1 2021  benefiting from the acquisition of Propak in June 2021 (impact of +6.8%). The quarter is also positively impacted by favorable FX (+2.0%).Constantia is carefully managing the inflationary cost environment as well as the availability of raw materials  particularly aluminum  focusing its efforts on preserving the profitability of the company working both on the passthrough of input costs as well as pursuing its cost control program.On the sustainability front  Constantia is actively developing and promoting its Ecolutions portfolio in line with the industry transformation towards recyclable packaging. With the above-mentioned Propak acquisition  Constantia has resumed acquisitions in the fragmented and consolidating flexible packaging market and is actively reviewing a number of bolt-on opportunities.Stahl – Sales up 7.0 % in Q1 2022  with organic growth of 5.0%(full consolidation)Stahl  the world leader in coating layers and surface treatments for flexible materials  posted total sales of €224.9 million in Q1 2022  representing an increase of +7.0% versus Q1 2021. Organic growth stood at +5.0% over the quarter while FX was positive (+2.0%).Activity over the first quarter of the year was above expectations at group level  with a strong performance in Performance Coatings offsetting lower than expected volumes in Leather Chemicals. Across all segments  price increases were implemented at the beginning of the year to mitigate the strong impact of rising input costs. Management continues to closely monitor the inflationary environment and is ready to take additional measures to protect its margin where needed.Orderbook increased in Q1 2022  and is close to the all-time high  as new intakes remained solid in volumes and benefited from price increases measures. This gives good visibility on the topline performance in Q2 2022.Crisis Prevention Institute – Revenue growth of +26.4% as compared with Q1 2021  a result of ongoing demand for new Certified Instructors and successful new programs(full consolidation)Crisis Prevention Institute recorded first quarter 2022 revenue of $23.4 million  up +26.4% vs. Q1 2021. Of this increase  +27.2% was organic growth  offset by -0.8% impact from FX movements. Despite the Omicron COVID surge in early 2022  CPI continued to see volume growth in new Certified Instructors (CIs) and uptake of new program launches  like Special Topics. Growth was tempered by COVID-related delays of onsite programs (which were rescheduled into Q2 2022)  but compared to Q1 2021  the number of affected programs were less  as the previous year’s Q1 experienced more widespread COVID restrictions.CPI continues to enjoy a mix shift toward digital solutions for both new CIs and renewals  with programs retaining the required in-person components. Virtual Learner Materials continued to expand in the share of delivery representing 45% of Learner Materials sales and 34% of total Learner Material volumes  above the 30% and 11% volume levels in 2020 and 2019.ACAMS – Strong start to the year for ACAMS  with year-to-date revenue growth of +31.2%(full consolidation since March 11  2022)ACAMS  the global leader in training and certifications for anti-money laundering and financial-crime prevention professionals  generated total revenue of $24.8 million  up 31.2% vs. Q1 2021. Certifications  Memberships  and Training sales each grew at double-digit rates vs. Q1 2021. Conferences generated the highest growth of any segment as a result of both a return to in-person events with growing attendance and also a timing benefit as ACAMS’ second-largest conference took place in Q1 2022  while the previous year’s event was held in Q2 2021. Organic growth for the quarter ending in March was 31.0%  and the impact of foreign exchange was 0.2%.Wendel completed the acquisition of ACAMS on March 10  2022.Tarkett – Solid performance driven by sustained activity and the acceleration in selling price increases(Mise en équivalence depuis le 07/07/2021)Net revenue was €685 million  up by +22.5% compared to the first quarter of 2021. Organic growth reached +19.2% including selling price increases in the CIS countries implemented to offset the inflation in purchasing costs and the devaluation of the rouble6. The total effect of the selling price increases implemented across all segments is +12.9% on average compared to the first quarter of 2021.The EMEA segment achieved revenue of €238 million  an increase of +8.1% compared to the first quarter of 2021 due to the acceleration of selling price increases.The North America segment reported revenue of €204 million  an increase of +27.3% compared to the first quarter of 2021  reflecting solid like-for-like growth of +18.1% and a positive exchange rate effect.Revenue in the CIS  APAC and Latin America segment was €134 million  an increase of +18.7% compared to the first quarter in 2021 despite a negative foreign exchange effect linked to the rouble  partially offset by the appreciation of the Brazilian real.In Russia  Tarkett has been producing flooring for the Residential market for over 20 years. Aware of its responsibility as an employer  particularly to its 1 550 local employees  the company continues to operate in the country in full compliance with local and international regulations. However  Tarkett has frozen all significant new investments in Russia. Anticipating a fall in demand and increase in supply restrictions  the company expects a marked slowdown in the second quarter  although it is currently impossible to quantify.As expected  business grew strongly in the Sports segment. Revenue was €109 million  up by +66.0% and including +55.7% organic growth compared to the first quarter of 2021. North America is the strongest geographical region thanks to sustained demand and success of the Tarkett range. Backlog remains at a particularly high level.Actions to reduce the cost structure are well underway and Tarkett is forecasting around €30 million of annual structural savings in 2022.The significant increase in oil and energy prices will contribute to the increase in purchasing costs now valued at €250 million compared to 2021 (against an estimated €220 million at the beginning of the year).Tarkett continues to implement selling price increases across all its geographies to offset the effect of increased purchasing costs over the year. At the current level of purchasing prices  the company is targeting a neutral inflation balance over the year (selling price effect compared to 2021 minus purchasing price effect).For more information: https://www.tarkett-group.com/en/investors/IHS Towers – IHS Towers will report its Q1 2022 consolidated sales in May.Wendel’s net asset value: €165.8 per share as of March 31  2022NAV as of March 31  2022  was prepared by Wendel in compliance with its methodology7.Net Asset Value was €7 420 million or €165.8 per share as of March 31  2022 (see detail in Appendix 1 below)  vs. €167.4 on March 31  2021  representing a decrease of 1.0%. Since December 31  2021  Net Asset Value is down 11.9%  following markets fall over the period.The discount to NAV was 46.4% as of March 31  2022.Wendel further improves its debt profile and structureGross debt as of the end of March 31  2022  stood at €1 950 million  with  net cash position of €1 498 million resulting in a net debt of €452 million. LTV ratio was 5.8%.On January 16  2022  Wendel successfully issued a €300 million 12-year bonds at 1.375% coupon.On April 19  2022  Wendel achieved the exercise of the make-whole redemption of its bonds maturing in October 2024 with outstanding principal of €500 million and bearing interest at 2.750% at a price determined in accordance with the terms and conditions of the bonds. This initiative further optimized the cost and the maturity of Wendel’s debt. Wendel average maturity was extended to 7.1 years8 and its average weighted cost of debt lowered to 1.7%.As of March 31  2022  Wendel’s total liquidity was €1.7 billion9  including €960 million of cash and a €750 million committed credit facility (fully undrawn).2022 other significant events:Wendel acquires ACAMS  the world’s largest membership organization dedicated to fighting financial crimeAnnounced on January 24  2022  Wendel has completed the acquisition of the Association of Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialists (“ACAMS” or the “Company”) from Adtalem Global Education (NYSE: ATGE) on March 10  2022. Wendel invested c.$338 million of equity for a c. 98% interest in the Company  alongside ACAMS’ management and a minority investor.ACAMS is the global leader in training and certifications for anti-money laundering (“AML”) and financial crime prevention professionals. ACAMS has a large  global membership base with more than 90 000 members in 175 jurisdictions  including over 50 000 professionals who have obtained their CAMS certification-an industry-recognized AML qualification- that promotes ongoing education through participation in conferences  webinars  and other training opportunities.The Company has approximately 275 employees primarily located in the U.S.  London and Hong Kong that serve its global customers.Sale of Cromology completedAfter obtaining the necessary authorizations  Wendel announced on January 21  2022  the completion of the sale of Cromology to DuluxGroup  a subsidiary of Nippon Paint Holdings Co.  Ltd. For Wendel  the transaction generated net proceeds of €896 million or €358 million above Cromology’s valuation in Wendel’s net asset value published before the transaction announcement  i.e.  as of June 30  2021.This transaction is a milestone in Wendel’s 2021-24 roadmap  and its target to accelerate the redeployment of its capital toward growth companies.Return to shareholders and DividendAn ordinary dividend of €3.0 per share for 2021  up 3.4%  will be proposed at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on June 16  2022  representing a yield of 2.85%10. Ex-date will be on June 20  2022  and payment date will be on June 22  2022.€15 million of Wendel shares were repurchased in Q1 2022.Wendel will cancel 377 323 of its treasury shares (0.84% of the share capital) on April 29  2022. The cancellation of these shares will have a pro forma positive impact of +€0.7/share on the March 31  2022’s NAV due to the current significant share discount to NAV. Following the cancellation  the number of outstanding shares will be 44 370 620.Agenda06/16/2022Shareholders’ Meeting07/29/2022H1 2022 results – Publication of NAV as of June 30  2022 (pre-market release)08/03/2022Publication of consolidated first-half financials (pre-market release)10/28/2022Q3 2022 trading update – Publication of NAV as of September 30  2022 (pre-market release)12/01/2022Investor Day 2022About WendelWendel is one of Europe’s leading listed investment firms. The Group invests in Europe and North America in companies which are leaders in their field  such as Bureau Veritas  ACAMS  Constantia Flexibles  Crisis Prevention Institute  IHS Towers  Stahl and Tarkett. Wendel often plays an active role as a controlling or significant shareholder in its portfolio companies. Wendel seeks to implement long-term development strategies  which involve boosting growth and margins of companies so as to enhance their leading market positions.Wendel is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris.Standard & Poor’s ratings: Long-term: BBB  stable outlook – Short-term: A-2 since January 25  2019Moody’s ratings: Long-term: Baa2  stable outlook – Short-term: P-2 since September 5  2018Wendel is the Founding Sponsor of Centre Pompidou-Metz. In recognition of its long-term patronage of the arts  Wendel received the distinction of “Grand Mécène de la Culture” in 2012.For more information: wendelgroup.comFollow us on Twitter @WendelGroupAppendix 1: NAV as of March 31  2022: €165.8 per share(in millions of euros) 03/31/2022 12/31/2021 Listed equity investments Number of shares Share price (1) 4 864 5 559 Bureau Veritas 160.8/160.8 m €25.9/€28.7 4 162 4 616 IHS 63.0/63.0m $10.4/$13.5 592 748 Tarkett €13.2/€18.6 110 195 Investment in unlisted assets (2) 2 901 3 732 Other assets and liabilities of Wendel and holding companies(3) 108 97 Net cash position & financial assets (4) 1 498 650 Gross asset value 9 370 10 038 Wendel bond debt -1 950 -1 619 Net Asset Value 7 420 8 419 Of which net debt -453 -969 Number of shares 44 747 943 44 747 943 Net Asset Value per share €165.8 €188.1 Wendel’s 20 days share price average €88.9 €102.3 Premium (discount) on NAV -46.4% -45.6%Last 20 trading days average as of December 31  2021  and March 31  2022 Investments in non-publicly traded companies (Cromology (as of December 31  2021)  Stahl  Constantia Flexibles  Crisis Prevention Institute  ACAMS (as of March 31  2022)  Wendel Lab). Aggregates retained for the calculation exclude the impact of IFRS 16. ACAMS investment being valued for the first time in the Net Asset Value  calculation is weighted at 100% on acquisition multiple and 0% on listed peer-group multiples  as per methodology. Of which 1 116 456 treasury shares as of December 31  2021  and 1 278 422 treasury shares as of March 31  2022 Cash position and financial assets of Wendel & holdings. As of March 31  2022  this comprises €1.2 bn of cash and cash equivalents and €0.3 bn short term financial investment.Assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the euro have been converted at exchange rates prevailing on the date of the NAV calculation.If co-investment and managements LTIP conditions are realized  subsequent dilutive effects on Wendel’s economic ownership are accounted for in NAV calculations. See page 374 of the 2021 Universal Registration Document.1 c. $338 million at 1.112 EURUSD2 As of March 31  20223 Proforma the early repayment in whole of the bond maturing in October 2024  achieved on April 19  20224 Based on Wendel’s share price of €105.4 as of December 31  20215 Net cash generated from operating activities/Adjusted Operating Profit6 Price adjustments in the CIS are historically implemented to offset currency fluctuations and therefore excluded from organic growth. Excluding those price adjustments  organic growth reached +15.2% (please refer to the company’s press release).7 See page 332 of the 2021 Universal Registration Document for the NAV methodology.8 As of March 31  20229 Proforma the early repayment in whole of the bond maturing in October 2024  achieved on April 19  202210 Based on Wendel’s share price of €105.4 as of December 31  2021Attachment",positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,mixed,0.51,0.18,0.32,True,English,"['Q1 2022 Trading update', 'Good start', 'WENDEL', 'year', 'portfolio', 'first quarter stock market turmoil', 'pro forma positive impact', 'Pro forma total liquidity', 'Double digit organic growth', 'current significant share discount', 'Strong organic revenue growth', 'Positive FX impacts', 'current volatile circumstances', 'André François-Poncet', 'overall organic trends', 'raw materials availability', 'robust balance sheet', 'Crisis Prevention Institute', 'Strong financial structure', 'Strong organic growth', '€300 million 12-year bond', 'Bureau Veritas’ revenue', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Δ Organic Δ Bureau Veritas', 'Net asset value', 'equity accounted companies', 'Active portfolio rotation', 'Q1 2022 Trading update', 'Consolidated net sales', 'portfolio company leverage', 'Wendel Group CEO', 'Group companies Q1', 'Strong growth', 'market fall', '1 million equity', 'sizeable discount', 'growth profile', 'mid-single-digit growth', 'Net income', 'last quarter', 'Δ Organic Δ Tarkett', 'Constantia Flexibles', 'capital deployment', 'Successful issue', 'LTV ratio', 'Further optimization', 'whole redemption', 'average weighted', 'credit facility', 'challenging conditions', 'changing environments', 'capital redeployment', 'complex projects', 'little corporate', 'long-term perspective', 'Solid 2022 outlook', 'full consolidation', 'catch-up effect', 'Three businesses', 'Consumer Products', 'treasury shares', 'share capital', 'outstanding shares', 'Comparable sales', 'Wendel Lab', 'Cromology group', 'Good start', 'average maturity', 'Ordinary dividend', 'Wendel shares', 'last year', 'acquisition opportunities', 'ACAMS accounts', 'portfolio Q1', 'Q1 2022 sales', '2021 Dividend', 'CPI', 'Stahl', 'March', 'Disposal', 'January', 'proceeds', '1.375% coupon', 'cost', 'debt', 'exercise', 'April', 'bonds', 'October', '7.1 2 years', 'cash', 'Return', 'Cancellation', '0.7/share', 'NAV', 'number', 'June', 'yield', 'Story', 'price', 'fast', 'advantage', 'objective', 'line', 'roadmap', 'transaction', 'team', 'buyer', 'choice', 'millions', 'euros', 'difference', 'accordance', 'IFRS', 'contribution', 'operations', 'November', '11.7% increase', '2.5% increase', 'cyber-attack', 'Q4', 'Industry', 'Agri-Food', 'Commodities', 'Buildings', 'Infrastructure', 'rest', 'Marine', 'Offshore', 'Certification', 'geography', 'activities', 'Americas']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3851,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coface-records-strong-start-net-153600020.html,Coface records a strong start to the year with a net income of €66.2m,Coface records a strong start to the year with a net income of €66.2m Paris  28 April 2022 – 17.35 Turnover: €431m  up 12.8% at constant FX and perimeter...,Coface SACoface records a strong start to the year with a net income of €66.2mParis  28 April 2022 – 17.35Turnover : € 431 m   up 12.8 % at constant FX and perimeter Trade Credit Insurance premiums growing by 14.7% at constant FX driven by high client activity Client retention at record highs (94.8%); pricing impact negative (-2.7%) Information services continued to grow (+11.0% at constant FX)Net loss ratio at 40.7% and net combined ratio at 67.3% (respectively 30.4% and 55.3 % excluding government schemes) Gross loss ratio at 28.9%  improved by 0.6 ppt Net cost ratio down by -1.7 ppt at 26.6% reflecting operating leverage and higher reinsurance commissions Government schemes have lowered pre-tax profit by €33m for the quarter (€199m cumulated); no further material impact expected going forwardNet income (group share) at €66.2m  up by +17.5% vs Q1-2021Annualised RoATE1 at 13.2% ; a dividend of €1.502 for the 2021 financial year will be proposed to the Shareholders’ Meeting on 17 May 2022Unless otherwise indicated  change comparisons refer to the results as at 31 March 2021.Xavier Durand  Coface’s Chief Executive Officer  commented: “While the beginning of 2022 was encouraging for the global economy  Russia’s invasion of Ukraine  sanctions imposed against Russia and retaliatory sanctions have caused the global economic outlook to be revised down. Beyond the substantial human cost  this invasion has triggered another increase in commodity prices  especially energy and food. This crisis is causing repercussions across all regions and sectors. Many importer countries are being particularly affected and are seeing the risk of social unrest increase.In this increasingly uncertain world  Coface has continued to support its clients and to implement its strategic plan.The strong economic growth in 2021 and our solid operating performance led to double-digit growth in trade credit insurance and information services  where we are continuing our proactive investment policy.Coface’s net income increased 17.5% to €66.2m. This figure is all the more impressive given that we booked the remaining cost of the government schemes (€33m  bringing the total to €199m). It corresponds to an annualised return on tangible equity of 13.2%  which is above our mid-cycle targets.Finally  we are pleased to confirm that a dividend per share of €1.50 will be proposed at our next Shareholders’ Meeting  which represents 100% of our 2021 income.”Story continuesKey figures at 31 March 2022The Board of Directors of COFACE SA examined the summary consolidated financial statements for the first three months (non-audited) during its meeting on 28 April 2022. The Audit Committee had previously reviewed them at its meeting on 27 April 2022.Income statements items in €m Q1-21 Q1-22 % %ex. FX* Gross earned premiums 312.1 361.3 +15.8% +14.7% Services revenue 65.9 69.5 +5.4% +3.8% REVENUE 377.9 430.8 +14.0% +12.8% UNDERWRITING INCOME/LOSS AFTER REINSURANCE 74.3 84.9 +14.2% +12.3% Investment income  net of management expenses 5.7 12.3 +115.4% +125.6% CURRENT OPERATING INCOME 80.0 97.2 +21.5% +20.4% Other operating income / expenses (0.4) (1.2) +201.6% +203.4% OPERATING INCOME 79.6 96.1 +20.6% +19.5% NET INCOME 56.4 66.2 +17.5% +17.2% Key ratios Q1-21 Q1-22 % %ex. FX* Loss ratio net of reinsurance 24.5% 40.7% +16.1 ppts Cost ratio net of reinsurance 28.3% 26.6% (1.7) ppt COMBINED RATIO NET OF REINSURANCE 52.8% 67.3% +14.5 ppts Balance sheet items in €m Q1-21 Q1-22 % %ex. FX* Total Equity (group share) 2 049.3 2 135.5 +4.2%* Also excludes scope impact1. TurnoverCoface recorded a consolidated turnover of €430.8m  up +12.8% at constant FX and perimeter compared to Q1-21. On a reported basis (at current FX and perimeter)  turnover was up +14.0%.Revenues from insurance activities (including bonding and Single Risk) increased by +14.7% at constant FX and perimeter (and by +15.8% at current FX). Growth benefited from an increase in client activity.The retention rate reached a record level of 94.8%  up +1.0% compared to Q1-21 (and up +0.5% compared to the previous record from Q1-20). New business totalled €35m  down €5m compared to Q1-21 but in line with pre-pandemic levels.The growth in Coface’s client activity had a positive impact of +4.4% during Q1-22. This record increase for a first quarter reflects the scale of the economic recovery and the rise in the cost of commodities. The price effect reversed  coming in at -2.7% in Q1-22 compared to +2.9% in Q1-21. This is largely due to past very low loss experience.Revenues from other activities were up +3.8% compared to Q1-21  with ongoing contrasting trends in the different businesses. Turnover from factoring rose +8.2%  mainly due to the increase in volumes refinanced in Poland. Revenues from information service continued to grow  rising +11.0% (vs. +9.0% in Q1-21). Fee and commission income (collection fees) was impacted by the decline in claims to be recovered and dropped - 38.7%  while commissions were up slightly by +2.4%.Total revenue - in €m(by country of invoicing) Q1-21 Q1-22 % % ex. FX3 Northern Europe 82.2 93.0 +13.1% +13.0% Western Europe 75.5 80.8 +7.1% +6.0% Central & Eastern Europe 36.6 44.6 +22.0% +21.8% Mediterranean & Africa 106.5 116.7 +9.5% +10.9% North America 32.7 38.8 +18.5% +10.2% Latin America 16.0 22.6 +41.2% +34.8% Asia Pacific 28.3 34.3 +21.0% +15.7% Total Group 377.9 430.8 +14.0% +12.8%In Northern Europe  turnover increased by +13.0% at constant FX (+13.1% at current FX). Trade credit insurance benefited from the increase in client activity and solid levels of new business. Factoring turnover increased by +2.0%.In Western Europe  turnover was up by +6.0% at constant FX (+7.1% at current FX) thanks to a high retention rate and the recovery in client activities  which were partially offset by premium refunds.In Central and Eastern Europe  turnover was up by +21.8% and by +22.0% at constant FX  due to high retention  growth in trade credit insurance driven by client activity and service revenues. Factoring turnover increased significantly by +34%.In Mediterranean and Africa  a region driven by Italy and Spain  turnover grew by +10.9% and by +9.5% at current FX. This was due to the recovery of activity  high levels of new business  high retention and expansion in services.In North America  turnover increased +10.2% at constant FX and +18.5% as reported  driven by increased client activity and new business gains  which were partially offset by premium refunds.In Latin America  turnover was up +34.8% at constant FX and +41.2% at current FX  driven by high retention and the increase in new business bolstered by the rise in commodity prices.In Asia-Pacific  turnover increased +15.7% at constant FX and +21.0% at current FX. This growth was driven by high retention and increased client activity.2. ResultCombined ratioThe combined ratio  net of reinsurance  stood at 67.3% for Q1-22 (an improvement of 14.5 ppts compared to Q1- 21). Excluding the effect of government schemes  the net combined ratio was 55.3%  an improvement of 5.8 ppts.(i) Loss ratioThe gross loss ratio stood at 28.9%  an improvement of 0.6 ppt compared to the previous year. This improvement reflects a lack of major claims  low claims frequency and a limited number of claims related to the crisis in Ukraine so far.The Group’s reserving policy remains unchanged. Strict management of past claims enabled the Group to record 49.1 ppts of recoveries. The loss ratio for the 2022 underwriting year is still high at 75.4%  signalling that Coface anticipates an increase in the number of bankruptcies in the coming quarters.The loss ratio net of reinsurance came out at 40.7%  up by 16.2 ppts compared to Q1-21. Excluding the impact of government schemes  the net loss ratio would have been 30.4%.(ii) Cost ratioCoface is following its strict policy of cost management. In the first quarter of 2022  Coface maintained its discipline  with costs growing by +10.6% at constant FX and perimeter  and +12.2% at current FX. This increase in costs is lower than the growth in turnover  even though Coface continued to invest. The gross reinsurance cost ratio was 31.6%  an improvement of 0.4 ppt year-on-year.The cost ratio  net of reinsurance was 26.6% in Q1-22  an improvement of 1.7 ppt year-on-year.Financial resultNet financial income for Q1-22 was €12.3m  up by €6.6m compared to Q1-21. This figure includes realized capital gains and positive hedging results for €4.4m as well as a currency effect of €2.0m.The portfolio’s current yield (i.e. excluding capital gains  depreciation and FX impact) is €7.2m (compared to €7.9m in Q1-21). The accounting yield4  excluding capital gains and depreciation  stood at 0.4% in Q1-21  and was slightly higher than the previous year (0.3%).Operating income and net incomeOperating income for Q1-22 was €96.1m  up +20.7% compared to the previous year  mainly due to increased growth and a still low loss ratio.The effective tax rate was 27%  compared to 25% for Q1-21.In total  net income (group share) was €66.2m  up +17.5% compared to Q1-21.3. Shareholders’ equityAt 31 March 2022  Group shareholders’ equity stood at €2 135.5m  down €5.6m  or -0.3% (compared to €2 141.0m at 31 December 2021).These changes are mainly due to the positive net income of €66.2m  offset by negative adjustments to the fair value of investments (€77.7m) against a backdrop of rising interest rates.The annualised return on average tangible equity (RoATE) was 13.2% in Q1-22.4. OutlookGlobal growth was expected to be strong in 2022  however  Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has hit the economy from all sides. Energy  commodities and food prices have risen further  certain supply chains have been disrupted  and some international trade has been halted due to sanctions on Russia and Russia’s own retaliatory sanctions.In addition  the spread of the Omicron variant in China has led to widespread lockdowns that are also having a negative impact on growth. Finally  in light of inflation  central banks – especially the Fed – have announced that they intend to continue tightening their monetary policy.Faced with these pressures  the global economy has held up well until now  even though leading indicators are pricing in at least a temporary slowdown.While in several countries  the number of bankruptcies has already returned to above pre-pandemic levels  Coface has continued to experience moderate claims levels  which is a testament to the quality of its underwriting in recent years.The government reinsurance schemes cost Coface €33m in the first quarter and €199m since the beginning of 2020. Coface is not anticipating any additional material impact on its accounts.Coface will propose to the Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on 17 May 2022 a dividend per share of €1.50  which represents a pay-out ratio of 100% of 2021 income.Conference call for financial analystsCoface’s results for 3M-2022 will be discussed with financial analysts during the conference call on 28 April at 18.00 (Paris time). Dial one of the following numbers:The presentation will be available (in English only) at the following address:http://www.coface.com/Investors/financial-results-and-reportsAppendixQuarterly resultsIncome statements items in €mquarterly figures Q1-21 Q2-21 Q3-21 Q4-21 Q1-22 % % ex. FX* Gross earned premiums 312.1 326.7 330.7 343.2 361.3 +15.8% +14.7% Services revenue 65.9 63.4 59.6 66.3 69.5 +5.4% +3.8% REVENUE 377.9 390.1 390.4 409.5 430.8 +14.0% +12.8% UNDERWRITING INCOME(LOSS)AFTER REINSURANCE 74.3 81.5 79.4 38.7 84.9 +14.2% +12.3% Investment income net of management expenses 5.7 10.1 15.0 11.3 12.3 +115.4% +125.6% CURRENT OPERATING INCOME 80.0 91.6 94.5 49.9 97.2 +21.5% +20.4% Other operating income / expenses (0.4) 0.8 (1.3) (2.3) (1.2) +201.6% +203.4% OPERATING INCOME 79.6 92.4 93.2 47.6 96.1 +20.6% +19.5% NET INCOME 56.4 66.9 67.7 32.9 66.2 +17.5% +17.2% Income tax rate 24.6% 23.0% 23.3% 20.6% 27.2%Cumulated resultsIncome statements items in €mcumulated figures Q1-21 H1-21 9M-21 FY-21 Q1-22 % % ex. FX* Gross earned premiums 312.1 638.7 969.5 1 312.6 361.3 +15.8% +14.7% Services revenue 65.9 129.3 188.9 255.2 69.5 +5.4% +3.8% REVENUE 377.9 768.0 1 158.4 1 567.9 430.8 +14.0% +12.8% UNDERWRITING INCOME(LOSS)AFTER REINSURANCE 74.3 155.8 235.2 273.9 84.9 +14.2% +12.3% Investment income net of management expenses 5.7 15.9 30.9 42.2 12.3 +115.4% +125.6% CURRENT OPERATING INCOME 80.0 171.6 266.1 316.0 97.2 +21.5% +20.4% Other operating income / expenses (0.4) 0.4 (0.8) (3.2) (1.2) +201.6% +203.4% OPERATING INCOME 79.6 172.1 265.3 312.9 96.1 +20.6% +19.5% NET INCOME 56.4 123.2 190.9 223.8 66.2 +17.5% +17.2% Income tax rate 24.6% 23.8% 23.6% 23.2% 27.2%* Also excludes scope impactCONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comBenoît CHASTEL: +33 1 49 02 22 28 – benoit.chastel@coface.comMEDIA RELATIONSSaphia GAOUAOUI: +33 1 49 02 14 91 – saphia.gaouaoui@coface.comCorentin HENRY: +33 1 49 02 23 94 - corentin.henry@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2021/2022(subject to change)Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting 2021: 17 May 2022H1-2022 results: 28 July 2022 (after market close)9M-2022 results: 27 October 2022 (after market close)FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website:http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for S1-2021 and our 2021 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”).COFACE: FOR TRADEWith more than 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is one of the leader in trade credit insurance and adjacent specialty services  including Factoring  Single Risk insurance  Bonding and Information services. Coface’s experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping ~50 000 clients build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses across the world. Coface helps companies in their credit decisions. The Group's services and solutions strengthen their ability to sell by protecting them against the risks of non-payment in their domestic and export markets. In 2021  Coface employed ~4 538 people and registered a turnover of €1.57 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Mnémonique : COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 “Main risk factors and their management within the Group” of the Coface Group's 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 6 April 2022 under the number D.22-0244 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.1 Return on average tangible equity2 The distribution proposal will be submitted to the Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on 17 May 2022.3 Also excludes scope impact4 Book yield calculated on the average of the investment portfolio excluding non-consolidated subsidiaries.Attachment,neutral,0.3,0.63,0.07,mixed,0.1,0.21,0.7,True,English,"['strong start', 'net income', 'Coface', 'year', 'past very low loss experience', 'perimeter Trade Credit Insurance premiums', 'UNDERWRITING INCOME/LOSS AFTER REINSURANCE', 'summary consolidated financial statements', 'Net loss ratio', 'Loss ratio net', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Many importer countries', 'The Audit Committee', 'Balance sheet items', 'ongoing contrasting trends', 'Income statements items', 'net combined ratio', 'solid operating performance', 'COMBINED RATIO NET', 'Gross loss ratio', 'proactive investment policy', 'first three months', 'substantial human cost', 'global economic outlook', 'Net cost ratio', 'Cost ratio net', 'social unrest increase', 'high client activity', 'Other operating income', 'next Shareholders’ Meeting', 'CURRENT OPERATING INCOME', 'higher reinsurance commissions', 'strong economic growth', 'insurance activities', 'net income', 'Investment income', 'economic recovery', 'operating leverage', 'strong start', '2021 financial year', 'global economy', 'other activities', 'remaining cost', 'current FX', 'Client retention', 'consolidated turnover', 'commission income', 'constant FX', 'record highs', 'Information services', 'government schemes', 'pre-tax profit', 'change comparisons', 'Xavier Durand', 'commodity prices', 'uncertain world', 'strategic plan', 'annualised return', 'tangible equity', 'mid-cycle targets', 'Key figures', 'Key ratios', 'retention rate', 'record level', 'previous record', 'New business', 'pre-pandemic levels', 'first quarter', 'price effect', 'different businesses', 'collection fees', 'double-digit growth', 'material impact', 'group share', 'Services revenue', 'Total Equity', 'positive impact', 'record increase', 'retaliatory sanctions', 'management expenses', 'Single Risk', 'Total revenue', 'Coface SA', '2021 income', '28 April', 'pricing', '0.6 ppt', 'RoATE1', 'dividend', '17 May', 'results', '31 March', 'beginning', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'energy', 'food', 'crisis', 'repercussions', 'regions', 'sectors', 'clients', 'Story', 'Board', 'Directors', '27 April', 'scope', 'basis', 'Revenues', 'bonding', 'Q1', 'line', 'scale', 'rise', 'commodities', 'volumes', 'Poland', 'claims', 'country', 'invoicin', '30.', '€']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3852,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/budweiser-debuts-global-creative-tomorrow-is-yours-to-take-featuring-visionary-artist-anderson-paak-and-new-generation-of-creators-in-worldwide-collab-301535025.html,"Budweiser Debuts Global Creative ""Tomorrow Is Yours to Take"" Featuring Visionary Artist Anderson .Paak and New Generation of Creators in Worldwide Collab","Budweiser unveils ""rallying cry for relentless creators  dreamers  and go-getters hell-bent on making their mark"" LEUVEN  Belgium  April 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Budweiser  an AB InBev global brand  today unveiled a new global platform and creative campaign w…","The Tomorrow is Yours to Take campaign launches today with a music video entitled ""Yours to Take"" featuring an original song produced and performed by .Paak. The video tells the story of creators and aspiring talents overcoming naysayers and skeptics worldwide  with Budweiser alongside each step of the journey. The video is a collaboration on a global scale  featuring French freestyler soccer player Sean Garnier  Brazilian rapper Xamã  Swedish fashion designer Julia Dang  Colombian graffiti artist Wanda Pot  Argentinian singer Lara91K  Brazilian graphic artist Gabriel Massan and British drummer Louise Bartle.""Budweiser is a rallying cry for relentless creators  dreamers  and go-getters hell-bent on making their mark. While today marks the launch of Tomorrow is Yours to Take  it's the creators  the dreamers and the risk-takers who take center stage with this new evolution "" said Todd Allen  Vice President of Global Marketing  Budweiser. ""As someone who defied the naysayers to follow his dreams  .Paak embodies the spirit of Tomorrow is Yours to Take and its meaning.""Wieden+Kennedy led the creative concept of the campaign in partnership with Budweiser  .Paak and a team of creators around the globe. ""Yours To Take"" celebrates the power of an independent generation that does what they believe in  no matter what others say. With an original track by .Paak and real stories from real creators to deliver the message  the campaign had to be more than an ad. And that was when the music video was born: an entertainment piece that helped become a part of the culture in an authentic way with a cinematic feel.By partnering with .Paak to produce the soundtrack to this global campaign  Budweiser is laying the groundwork for future efforts supporting up-and-coming creatives. This is just the beginning.""My new music for the campaign isn't just a song  it's an anthem! The way I see it  it's like a rallying cry to those who are DONE listening to all the reasons why their dreams are impossible "" says Anderson .Paak. ""Trust me  I heard all those naysayers too  but I kept myself motivated and did my best to ignore the haters every step of the way. My hope is that Budweiser and I can reach artists  designers  athletes and creatives – everyone! – all over the world who are ready to take the first step on their own path to greatness.""Each up-and-coming creator featured in the video embodies one of the Budweiser audience's passion points  including music  arts  fashion  and sports.Séan Garnier is football's first ever World Freestyle Champion  based in France .. Julia Dang   based Sweden   co-founded TheLineUp channel and created her own inclusive label  DANG STHLM.  based   co-founded TheLineUp channel and created her own inclusive label  DANG STHLM. Gabriel Massan is a Brazilian-born digital artist based in Germany who works with multiple mediums such as sculpture  video  design  and print.is a Brazilian-born digital artist based in who works with multiple mediums such as sculpture  video  design  and print. Louise Bartle is a drummer based in the UK  who began playing at the age of 13.is a drummer based in the UK  who began playing at the age of 13. Xamã is a Brazilian rapper  singer  composer  and poet who recently went viral and broke streaming records.Wanda Pot is a Colombia -based designer who specializes in mural graffiti  art direction  branding and calligraphy.-based designer who specializes in mural graffiti  art direction  branding and calligraphy. Lara91K is an Argentina -based singer whose genre-defiant music is reshaping the trap music scene.To view the film  find more information on each up-and-coming creator  and more  click HERE. Behind-the-scenes footage from the creation of the campaign can be seen on Budweiser and Anderson .Paak's social channels.About Anheuser-Busch InBev and BudweiserAnheuser-Busch InBev is a publicly traded company (Euronext: ABI) based in Leuven  Belgium  with secondary listings on the Mexico (MEXBOL: ANB) and South Africa (JSE: ANH) stock exchanges and with American Depositary Receipts on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BUD). As a company  we dream big to create a future with more cheers. We are always looking to serve up new ways to meet life's moments  move our industry forward and make a meaningful impact in the world. We are committed to building great brands that stand the test of time and to brewing the best beers using the finest ingredients. Our diverse portfolio of well over 500 beer brands includes global brands Budweiser®  Corona® and Stella Artois®; multi-country brands Beck's®  Hoegaarden®  Leffe® and Michelob ULTRA®; and local champions such as Aguila®  Antarctica®  Bud Light®  Brahma®  Cass®  Castle®  Castle Lite®  Cristal®  Harbin®  Jupiler®  Modelo Especial®  Quilmes®  Victoria®  Sedrin®  and Skol®. Our brewing heritage dates back more than 600 years  spanning continents and generations. From our European roots at the Den Hoorn brewery in Leuven  Belgium. To the pioneering spirit of the Anheuser & Co brewery in St. Louis  US. To the creation of the Castle Brewery in South Africa during the Johannesburg gold rush. To Bohemia  the first brewery in Brazil. Geographically diversified with a balanced exposure to developed and developing markets  we leverage the collective strengths of approximately 169 000 colleagues based in nearly 50 countries worldwide. For 2021  AB InBev's reported revenue was 54.3 billion USD (excluding JVs and associates).Budweiser is a medium-bodied  flavorful  crisp American-style lager. Brewed with the best barley mallet and a blend of premium hop varieties  Budweiser is an icon of optimism and celebration which is enjoyed in over 60 countries around the world and is committed to brewing every Budweiser with 100% renewable energy by 2025.SOURCE Budweiser",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.52,0.19,0.29,True,English,"['Visionary Artist Anderson', 'Global Creative', 'New Generation', 'Worldwide Collab', 'Budweiser', 'Tomorrow', 'Paak', 'Creators', 'French freestyler soccer player', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'British drummer Louise Bartle', 'Brazilian-born digital artist', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'Brazilian graphic artist', 'Colombia -based designer', 'Séan Garnier', 'Den Hoorn brewery', 'Colombian graffiti artist', 'Argentina -based singer', 'trap music scene', 'World Freestyle Champion', 'Swedish fashion designer', 'Argentinian singer Lara91K', 'Brazilian rapper Xamã', 'stock exchanges', 'Sean Garnier', 'new evolution', 'new music', 'new ways', 'Co brewery', 'mural graffiti', 'aspiring talents', 'global scale', 'Julia Dang', 'Wanda Pot', 'Gabriel Massan', 'rallying cry', 'center stage', 'Todd Allen', 'Vice President', 'Global Marketing', 'creative concept', 'independent generation', 'original track', 'real stories', 'entertainment piece', 'cinematic feel', 'coming creator', 'passion points', 'TheLineUp channel', 'inclusive label', 'DANG STHLM', 'multiple mediums', 'streaming records', 'art direction', 'genre-defiant music', 'scenes footage', 'social channels', 'Anheuser-Busch InBev', 'secondary listings', 'South Africa', 'meaningful impact', 'great brands', 'best beers', 'finest ingredients', 'diverse portfolio', '500 beer brands', 'global brands', 'Stella Artois', 'multi-country brands', 'Michelob ULTRA', 'local champions', 'Modelo Especial®', 'brewing heritage', 'European roots', 'St. Louis', 'Castle Lite', 'Castle Brewe', 'original song', 'authentic way', 'future efforts', 'first step', 'Bud Light®', 'pioneering spirit', 'relentless creators', 'real creators', 'The Tomorrow', 'campaign launches', 'global campaign', 'music video', 'Budweiser audience', 'Castle®', 'Budweiser®', 'Paak', 'story', 'naysayers', 'skeptics', 'journey', 'collaboration', 'dreamers', 'getters', 'risk-takers', 'someone', 'dreams', 'Wieden+Kennedy', 'partnership', 'team', 'globe', 'power', 'others', 'message', 'ad', 'culture', 'soundtrack', 'groundwork', 'creatives', 'beginning', 'anthem', 'DONE', 'reasons', 'Anderson', 'haters', 'hope', 'artists', 'designers', 'athletes', 'everyone', 'path', 'greatness', 'arts', 'sports', 'football', 'France', 'Sweden', 'Germany', 'sculpture', 'print', 'UK', 'composer', 'poet', 'branding', 'calligraphy', 'film', 'information', 'creation', 'company', 'Euronext', 'ABI', 'Leuven', 'Belgium', 'Mexico', 'MEXBOL', 'ANB', 'JSE', 'NYSE', 'cheers', 'life', 'moments', 'industry', 'test', 'time', 'Corona®', 'Beck', 'Hoegaarden', 'Leffe', 'Aguila®', 'Antarctica®', 'Brahma®', 'Cass®', 'Cristal', 'Harbin', 'Jupiler', 'Quilmes', 'Victoria®', 'Sedrin', 'Skol', '600 years', 'continents', 'generations']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,prnewswire.com
3853,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lands-end-chooses-centric-solution-suite-as-the-foundation-for-future-growth-301535226.html,Lands' End Chooses Centric Solution Suite as the Foundation for Future Growth,Iconic apparel company seeks to streamline workflows by connecting systems and teams with Centric PLM™ including 3D Enablement and Centric's Visual Planning Board CAMPBELL  Calif.  April 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Lands' End  the classic American lifestyle bran…,"Lands' End was founded in 1963 as a retailer of sailing equipment before evolving its focus to apparel and accessories for men  women  children  and the home. In 1978 the company began migrating to Dodgeville  Wisconsin where the headquarters still remain. Lands' End has become synonymous with legendary quality and honest value.Lands' End is looking to improve its end-to-end business processes across the enterprise  with the goal of improving transparency  communication  integration and the elimination of manually re-entering data into disparate systems.Having monitored tech development in the market over the past several years  Lands' End launched a search for a new PLM solution  going through an extensive selection process. Lands' End sought a partner and a solution that would align system with business strategy goals  leverage industry best practices  eliminate customizations  and islands of information with the ability to easily upgrade  taking advantage of potential future developments.Ultimately  it was Centric PLM that fulfilled their requirements. Chieh Tsai  Chief Product Officer of Lands' End  stated  ""Centric was the clear choice for all selection process participants  from both a process and a functional coverage aspect. We were also convinced by their innovations in the area of 3D enablement and the Visual Planning Board  which go well beyond traditional PLM solutions. Rounding out our decision for Centric were their references and reputation in the industry  as well as the experience of their consulting team.""The company has high expectations for their new suite of Centric solutions  Tsai says  ""We anticipate seamless integration between PLM and connecting systems  automated and consistent data flows  standardized cross-team processes  clear communication and fully enabled process and system functionality across business models.""Lands' End is looking forward to end-to-end transparency  providing a higher degree of efficiency in developing product  connecting 3D across system platforms to gain workflow productivity and thus continuing to reduce physical sampling and waste. With one source for all product development data  everyone will have access to the latest information  invigorating collaboration across departments. Adds Tsai  ""Centric PLM will also support the pursuit of our sustainability goals.""President and CEO of Centric Software  Chris Groves  says  ""We are delighted that Lands' End  an iconic American company  has placed their trust in Centric. Our suite of solutions work in concert to deliver one unified experience for users  boosting efficiency and future-proofing against further market disruptions while driving growth.""Learn more about Centric PLMRequest a DemoAbout Lands' End  Inc. (www.landsend.com)Lands' End  Inc. (NASDAQ:LE) is a leading uni-channel retailer of casual clothing  accessories  footwear and home products. We offer products online at www.landsend.com  on third party online marketplaces and through our own Company Operated stores  as well as  third-party retail locations. We are a classic American lifestyle brand with a passion for quality  legendary service and real value  and seek to deliver timeless style for women  men  kids and the home.Centric Software (www.centricsoftware.com)From its headquarters in Silicon Valley  Centric Software® provides a Product Concept to Consumer Digital Transformation Platform for fashion  retail  footwear  luxury  outdoor  consumer electronics and consumer goods including cosmetics and personal care and food and beverage. Centric's flagship Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) platform  Centric PLMTM  delivers enterprise-class merchandise planning  product development  sourcing  quality and product portfolio optimization innovations specifically for fast-moving consumer industries. Centric Visual Innovation Platform (CVIP) offers highly visual digital board experiences for collaboration and decision-making. Centric Retail Planning is an innovative  cloud-native solution powered by Armonica Retail S.R.L.  that delivers an end-to-end retail planning process designed to maximize retail business performance. Centric Software pioneered mobility  introducing the first mobile apps for PLM  and is widely known for connectivity to dozens of other enterprise systems including ERP  DAM  PIM  e-com  planning and more as well as creative tools such as Adobe® Illustrator and a host of 3D CAD connectors. Centric's innovations are 100% market-driven with the highest user adoption rate and fastest time to value in the industry. All Centric innovations shorten time to market  boost product innovation and reduce costs.Centric Software is majority-owned by Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: #13065  DSY.PA)  the world leader in 3D design software  3D digital mock-up and PLM solutions.Centric Software has received multiple industry awards and recognition  including being named by Red Herring to its Top 100 Global list in 2013  2015 and 2016. Centric also received various excellence awards from Frost & Sullivan in 2012  2016  2018 and 2021.Centric Software is a registered trademark of Centric Software Inc. All other brands and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including statements regarding the expected benefits to be realized by Lands' End as a result of the system implementation and operation  and execution of its growth strategy. The following important factors and uncertainties  among others  could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements: System implementations are complex and may be more costly or longer in duration than initially anticipated; Lands' End may be unsuccessful in implementing its strategic initiatives  or its strategic initiatives  including the implementation of the new system  may not have their desired impact on its business; and other risks  uncertainties and factors discussed in the ""Risk Factors"" section of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28  2022. Lands' End intends the forward-looking statements to speak only as of the time made and does not undertake to update or revise them as more information becomes available  except as required by law.SOURCE Centric Software",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,positive,0.7,0.25,0.04,True,English,"['Centric Solution Suite', ""Lands' End"", 'Future Growth', 'Foundation', 'Armonica Retail S.R.L.', 'third party online marketplaces', 'highest user adoption rate', 'classic American lifestyle brand', 'visual digital board experiences', 'flagship Product Lifecycle Management', 'Consumer Digital Transformation Platform', 'product portfolio optimization innovations', 'Centric Visual Innovation Platform', 'Visual Planning Board', '3D digital mock-up', 'past several years', 'potential future developments', 'functional coverage aspect', 'standardized cross-team processes', 'third-party retail locations', 'first mobile apps', 'Dassault Systèmes', 'Top 100 Global list', 'various excellence awards', 'moving consumer industries', 'retail business performance', 'Chief Product Officer', 'enterprise-class merchandise planning', 'iconic American company', '3D CAD connectors', 'consistent data flows', 'innovative, cloud-native solution', 'business strategy goals', 'extensive selection process', 'selection process participants', 'industry best practices', 'leading uni-channel retailer', 'Company Operated stores', 'multiple industry awards', 'retail planning process', 'end business processes', '3D design software', 'one unified experience', 'Centric Retail Planning', 'other enterprise systems', 'product development data', 'All Centric innovations', 'traditional PLM solutions', 'new PLM solution', 'product innovation', 'PLM) platform', 'business models', 'consumer electronics', 'consumer goods', 'Product Concept', 'one source', 'sustainability goals', '3D enablement', 'disparate systems', 'tech development', 'connecting systems', 'Centric Software', 'sailing equipment', 'honest value', 'clear choice', 'consulting team', 'high expectations', 'new suite', 'higher degree', 'workflow productivity', 'physical sampling', 'Chris Groves', 'casual clothing', 'legendary service', 'real value', 'timeless style', 'Silicon Valley', 'personal care', 'creative tools', 'Euronext Paris', 'world leader', 'Red Herring', ""Lands' End"", 'Centric PLM', 'Centric solutions', 'system functionality', 'system platforms', 'legendary quality', 'seamless integration', 'clear communication', 'latest information', 'fastest time', 'end transparency', 'Chieh Tsai', 'market disruptions', 'home products', 'focus', 'apparel', 'accessories', 'women', 'children', 'Dodgeville', 'Wisconsin', 'headquarters', 'elimination', 'search', 'partner', 'customizations', 'islands', 'advantage', 'requirements', 'area', 'decision', 'references', 'reputation', 'automated', 'efficiency', 'waste', 'everyone', 'collaboration', 'departments', 'pursuit', 'President', 'CEO', 'trust', 'concert', 'users', 'future-proofing', 'growth', 'Demo', 'landsend', 'NASDAQ', 'footwear', 'passion', 'kids', 'centricsoftware', 'fashion', 'luxury', 'cosmetics', 'food', 'beverage', 'sourcing', 'CVIP', 'mobility', 'connectivity', 'dozens', 'DAM', 'PIM', 'Adobe', '® Illustrator', 'host', 'costs', 'DSY', 'recognition', 'Frost', 'Sullivan']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,prnewswire.com
3854,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lytix-biopharma-to-present-at-the-american-society-of-clinical-oncology-asco-annual-meeting-301535183.html,Lytix Biopharma to present at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting,OSLO  Norway  April 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Lytix Biopharma AS (Lytix)  a clinical-stage company with an in situ vaccination technology platform targeting cancer indications  today announces that its abstract has been accepted for poster presentation at the …,"OSLO  Norway  April 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Lytix Biopharma AS (Lytix)  a clinical-stage company with an in situ vaccination technology platform targeting cancer indications  today announces that its abstract has been accepted for poster presentation at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in Chicago June 3-7  2022.Title: LTX-315 and adoptive cell therapy using tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes in patients with metastatic soft tissue sarcoma.Presenter: Morten Nielsen  MD | National Center for Cancer Immune Therapy  Department of Oncology  Copenhagen University Hospital  Herlev  DenmarkPoster Session: SarcomaAbstract: 11567Poster: 471For further information please contact:Øystein Rekdal (CEO)Telephone: +47 975 73 358E-mail: [email protected]Ole Peter Norby (Head of Investor Relations)Phone: +47 412 87 179Email: [email protected]About Lytix Biopharma ASBased in Oslo  Norway  Lytix Biopharma is a clinical-stage biotech company developing novel cancer immunotherapies  an area within cancer therapy that is aimed at activating the patient's immune system to fight cancer. The Company's technology is based on pioneering research in ""host defense peptides"" – nature's first line of defense towards foreign pathogens. Lytix Biopharma's lead product  LTX-315  is a first-in-class oncolytic molecule representing a new and superior in situ therapeutic vaccination principle to boost anti-cancer immunity  with the potential to be the ideal combination partner with other types of immunotherapies. LTX-315 target cancer cells and disintegrate their cell membranes  causing immunogenic cell death and release of a patient's tumor specific antigens. This mode of action allows cytotoxic T cells to recognize  infiltrate  and attack cancer cells. The Company was listed on Euronext Growth in Oslo in June 2021  following a private placement covered by investors such as PBM Capital  a U.S. based  healthcare-focused investment firm. For more information  visit www.lytixbiopharma.com.About LTX-315LTX-315 is a potential first-in-class oncolytic molecule administered directly into a tumor to induce immunogenic cell death. The technology is based on pioneering research in ""host defense peptides"" – nature's first line of defense towards foreign pathogens. LTX-315 has demonstrated positive tumor-specific immune cell responses in multi-indication Phase I/II oncology trials.About in situ vaccinationIn situ vaccination stimulates a patient's immune system by injecting drugs with the ability to kill cancer cells straight into the tumor environment. Lytix Biopharma has applied this approach with its first-in-class oncolytic molecules  representing an alternative and unique approach to cancer vaccination. Importantly  this approach generates an immune response against a broad antigen repertoire without pre-identifying the antigens  which in turn can save considerable costs and valuable time.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/lytix-biopharma-as/r/lytix-biopharma-to-present-at-the-american-society-of-clinical-oncology--asco--annual-meeting c3555789SOURCE Lytix Biopharma AS",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.22,0.27,0.52,True,English,"['ASCO) Annual Meeting', 'Lytix Biopharma', 'American Society', 'Clinical Oncology', 'U.S. based, healthcare-focused investment firm', 'multi-indication Phase I/II oncology trials', 'positive tumor-specific immune cell responses', 'metastatic soft tissue sarcoma', 'situ therapeutic vaccination principle', 'SOURCE Lytix Biopharma AS', 'LTX-315 target cancer cells', 'situ vaccination technology platform', 'immunogenic cell death', 'ASCO) Annual Meeting', 'Copenhagen University Hospital', 'Ole Peter Norby', 'class oncolytic molecule', 'ideal combination partner', 'broad antigen repertoire', 'adoptive cell therapy', 'cytotoxic T cells', 'Denmark Poster Session', 'host defense peptides', 'Cancer Immune Therapy', 'clinical-stage biotech company', 'novel cancer immunotherapies', 'tumor specific antigens', 'cell membranes', 'cancer therapy', 'cancer vaccination', 'immune system', 'immune response', 'Clinical Oncology', 'clinical-stage company', 'cancer indications', 'poster presentation', 'American Society', 'tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes', 'Morten Nielsen', 'National Center', 'Øystein Rekdal', 'Investor Relations', 'pioneering research', 'first line', 'foreign pathogens', 'lead product', 'anti-cancer immunity', 'other types', 'Euronext Growth', 'private placement', 'PBM Capital', 'tumor environment', 'considerable costs', 'valuable time', 'The Company', 'unique approach', 'news.cision', 'OSLO', 'Norway', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'abstract', 'Chicago', 'June', 'Title', 'patients', 'Presenter', 'MD', 'Department', 'Herlev', 'information', 'CEO', 'Telephone', 'mail', 'Head', 'area', 'nature', 'superior', 'potential', 'release', 'mode', 'action', 'investors', 'lytixbiopharma', 'drugs', 'ability', 'alternative', 'turn', 'lytix-biopharma', 'american-society', 'clinical-oncology--asco', 'annual-meeting']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,prnewswire.com
3855,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veon-publishes-q1-2022-trading-update-301534996.html,VEON publishes Q1 2022 trading update,Protecting stakeholder value delivering continued local currency growth across our operations AMSTERDAM  April 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (VEON) announces a trading update for the first quarter ended 31 March 2022  including selected financial and ope…,"Protecting stakeholder value delivering continued local currency growth across our operationsAMSTERDAM  April 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (VEON) announces a trading update for the first quarter ended 31 March 2022  including selected financial and operating results:VEON ended 1Q22 with revenue of USD 1 823 million  +9.8% YoY in local currency (-0.4% YoY in reported currency) and EBITDA of USD 775 million  +5.7% YoY in local currency (-4.0% YoY in reported currency). Group capex was USD 367 million (-6.2% YoY)  with capex intensity of 23.2%  -2.2 p.p. YoY. Group net debt/EBITDA was 2.4x.Commenting on results  Kaan Terzioğlu said:""I am proud of how our teams are tackling the current challenges and ensuring service and business continuity  keeping our 220 million customers across nine countries connected. Our commitment to provide access to information and other vital digital services is intact in these character-building times. The solid results we are reporting today illustrate our operational and financial discipline. We continue to enjoy high-single-digit growth and we have improved our capital structure.""1Q 2022 highlights:Revenue of USD 1 823 million   +9.8% YoY in local currency (-0.4% YoY reported currency)  +9.8% YoY in local currency (-0.4% YoY reported currency) EBITDA of USD 775 million   +5.7% YoY in local currency (-4.0% YoY reported currency)  +5.7% YoY in local currency (-4.0% YoY reported currency) Capex of USD 367 million   -6.2% YoY  capex intensity of 23.2%  -6.2% YoY  capex intensity of 23.2% Total cash USD 1.904 million   with USD 1 304 million at Headquarters (additional USD 692 million in committed undrawn credit lines)  with at Headquarters (additional in committed undrawn credit lines) 206 million mobile subscribers  up 3.9% YoY100.8 million 4G users  up 24.3% YoYNet debt/EBITDA ratio of 2.4xCurrent ratio (Current assets/Current liabilities) of 1.11xGroup revenue increased by 9.8% in local currency terms (-0.4% in reported currency). All our operating companies delivered YoY revenue growth in local currency terms. Strong growth in data revenue  up 17.1% in local currency terms (+7.1% in reported currency)  was a key driver of strong Group revenue performance.Ukraine revenues increased 15.1% YoY in local currency (+12.7% in reported currency) a good result given the ongoing conflict in the country. For March 2022  Ukraine reported revenue of UAH 2.8 billion (+16.7% YoY)  with service revenue of UAH 2.7 billion (+16.7% YoY). This performance was driven once again by continued growth in Kyivstar's 4G customer base  which increased 30.7% YoY. Mobile revenue growth was also supported by higher roaming revenues  which increased 3.0x YoY.Russia reported 1Q22 revenue growth of 5.6% YoY in local currency (-6.9% YoY in reported currency). The average March exchange rate used for consolidation was 104.1 ruble per dollar  impacting reported numbers. 1Q22 mobile service revenue was up 3.3% YoY and fixed-line service revenue was up 8.2% YoY in local currency. For March 2022  Russia reported revenue of RUB 24.9 billion (+3.6% YoY)  with service revenue of RUB 22.2 billion (+3.7%).Pakistan revenue increased 9.1% YoY in local currency (-2.6% YoY in reported currency) driven by strong growth in data revenue  notwithstanding the increase in withholding tax from 10% to 15% on 16 January 2022 and the reduction in mobile termination rates.In Kazakhstan revenues increased 20% YoY in local currency (+10.6% in reported currency)  another excellent performance especially taking into account the unrest in January 2022. For January 2022  Kazakhstan reported revenue of KZT 20.4 billion (+15.6% YoY)  with service revenue of KZT 19.7 billion (+15.0% YoY).Group 1Q22 EBITDA rose by 5.7% in local currency terms (-4.0% in reported currency) and we reported positive local currency EBITDA performance across all markets. In Russia  EBITDA increased 2.8% YoY in local currency (-9.3% in reported currency)  marking the fourth consecutive quarter of growth. Excluding the impact of charitable donations and employee support  in Ukraine Kyivstar's EBITDA grew 9.3% YoY in local currency and in Kazakhstan  Beeline's EBITDA grew 16.5% in local currency. Excluding these extraordinary costs  Group EBITDA increased 7.3% YoY in local currency. We remain focused on implementing planned cost efficiency measures across the business.We reported healthy growth of 3.9% YoY in our 1Q22 subscriber base. The Group continued to focus on the overall customer experience on our 4G networks. This supported the growth in our 4G subscriber base  which reached 100.8 million  adding an additional 19.7 million users over the past 12 months. 4G subscribers now account for 48.8% of our total subscriber base  up 8.0 p.p. from a year ago.Our financial service business in Pakistan  JazzCash  ended the quarter with 15.7 million MAUs  a rise of 12.2% YoY. In Bangladesh  Toffee TV reached 6.3 million MAU (+86.9% YoY) in 1Q22. Our digital operator in Kazakhstan  'izi'  ended the quarter with 101 000 subscribers  an increase of 87% YoY.Group capex was USD 367 million with capex intensity of 23.2%  driven in particular by increased network investments in Bangladesh and Pakistan in line with our growth strategy.On 12 April 2022  Jazz signed a core 4G license renewal with the Pakistan Telecommunication Authority  for a fee of USD 486.2 million for a duration of 15 years  with 50% paid upfront and the balance over five years. Fifty percent of the fees (PKR 44.54 billion  equivalent to USD 243.1 million) was settled before signing in April 2022. On 31 March 2022  Banglalink acquired new spectrum in the 2300 MHz band for USD 205 million  payable in installments over 11 years  doubling the company's spectrum holding. We believe this investment will continue to support Banglalink's ambitious nation-wide 4G growth strategy.We closed the quarter with total cash of USD 1.9 billion  with a further USD 0.7 billion in undrawn revolving credit facilities. All our operations are in general self-funding.Following the exercise of the put option for our stake in Algeria on 1 July 2021  the Algerian business became  in line with the requirements of IFRS 5  a discontinued operation  and is accounted for as an ""asset held for sale"". The result is that the Algerian operations do not contribute to VEON's comparison base or actual reported numbers  without any change in the net economic value of this business. The final valuation for the put option was concluded at USD 682 million for VEON's stake in Djezzy.We further strengthened the management team with the appointment of Atyab Tahir as the CEO of JazzCash effective 1 May 2022. Michiel Soeting  former global lead partner at KPMG  joined the VEON Board as a non-executive director and Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee effective 16 March 2022.VEON is not the subject of any sanctions imposed by the European Union  the United States or the United Kingdom. We remain confident that the international community understands our industry's unique position as an essential service provider  with regulators outlining their support for sectors essential to humanitarian activities  including the flow of information and access to the internet.VEON has suspended all activities related to the previously proposed re-domiciliation of VEON Ltd. to the United Kingdom and will continue to consider the optimal corporate structure for the group.Key recent developments:Changes to the VEON Board . On 1 March 2022   VEON announced that Mikhail Fridman had resigned as a director of the VEON Board (the ""Board"") with effect from 28 February 2022 . On 8 March 2022   VEON announced that Mr. Robert Jan van de Kraats had stepped down as a director from the VEON Board with effect from 7 March 2022 . On 16 March 2022   VEON announced that Michiel Soeting   former global lead partner at KPMG  had joined the VEON Board as a non-executive director and Chairman of the Audit & Risk Committee.. On   VEON announced that had resigned as a director of the VEON Board (the ""Board"") with effect from . On   VEON announced that Mr. had stepped down as a director from the VEON Board with effect from . On   VEON announced that   former global lead partner at KPMG  had joined the VEON Board as a non-executive director and Chairman of the Audit & Risk Committee. Bond repayment. On 28 February VEON utilized USD 430 million under its RCF and used these funds to repay its USD 417 million notes which matured on 1 March 2022   and to pay the accrued interest on these notes.On 28 February VEON utilized under its RCF and used these funds to repay its notes which matured on   and to pay the accrued interest on these notes. VEON concludes repayment of VTB Bank loan. On 11 March 2022   VEON announced that its subsidiary had prepaid a RUB 30 billion (approximately USD 259 million   based on a USD-RUB exchange rate of 115.7) interest-bearing loan with VTB Bank (PJSC) (""VTB"") in accordance with its terms  and the facility has been cancelled. Following this payment to VTB  the VEON Group had no further loans outstanding with VTB.On   VEON announced that its subsidiary had prepaid a (approximately   based on a USD-RUB exchange rate of 115.7) interest-bearing loan with VTB Bank (PJSC) (""VTB"") in accordance with its terms  and the facility has been cancelled. Following this payment to VTB  the VEON Group had no further loans outstanding with VTB. VEON credit rating update. On 14 March 2022   VEON announced that Fitch and S&P had downgraded the Company's credit ratings following the announcement of new country ceilings for Ukraine and the Russian Federation .On   VEON announced that Fitch and S&P had downgraded the Company's credit ratings following the announcement of new country ceilings for and the . VEON Holdings B.V. reiterates currency election on its Ruble-denominated notes. On 18 March 2022   VEON reiterated the currency election terms for the holders of the ruble denominated notes issued under VEON Holdings B.V.'s Global Medium Term Note Programme.On   VEON reiterated the currency election terms for the holders of the ruble denominated notes issued under VEON Holdings B.V.'s Global Medium Term Note Programme. Novation of loans. In April 2022   two group-level loans  with Sberbank and Alfa Bank respectively  and totaling RUB 90 billion (c. USD 1.070 billion   based on a USD-RUB exchange rate of 84.09)  were novated to PJSC VimpelCom  which resulted in the release of the former borrower (VEON Finance Ireland) and the former guarantor (VEON Holdings BV).In   two group-level loans  with Sberbank and Alfa Bank respectively  and totaling (c.   based on a USD-RUB exchange rate of 84.09)  were novated to PJSC VimpelCom  which resulted in the release of the former borrower (VEON Finance Ireland) and the former guarantor (VEON Holdings BV). Key increases in VEON shareholding in 1Q22. On 14 March 2022   Exor Capital ( London  UK ) filed a stock market notification that their VEON shareholding had increased to above 5%. On 31 March 2022   Shah Capital Management ( Raleigh  NC   US) filed a stock market notification stating that their VEON shareholding had increased to 2.87%  or 50.1 million shares.On   Exor Capital ( ) filed a stock market notification that their VEON shareholding had increased to above 5%. On   Shah Capital Management (   US) filed a stock market notification stating that their VEON shareholding had increased to 2.87%  or 50.1 million shares. Algeria put option. Following the exercise of the put option for our stake in Algeria on 1 July 2021   the Algerian business became  in line with the requirements of IFRS 5  a discontinued operation  and is accounted for as an ""asset held for sale"". The final valuation for the put option was concluded at USD 682 million for VEON's stake in Djezzy and the process is on track.Following the exercise of the put option for our stake in on   the Algerian business became  in line with the requirements of IFRS 5  a discontinued operation  and is accounted for as an ""asset held for sale"". The final valuation for the put option was concluded at for VEON's stake in Djezzy and the process is on track. Spectrum acquisition in Bangladesh and license renewal in Pakistan . On 1 April 2022   VEON announced that Banglalink has acquired new spectrum  doubling the company's spectrum holding. Banglalink acquired 40 MHz of spectrum from the 2300 GHz band  ensuring that Banglalink retains its position as the top private operator in Bangladesh in terms of spectrum per customer. On 12 April 2022   Jazz signed a 4G license renewal with the Pakistan Telecommunication Authority for a fee of USD 486.2 million for 15 years  50% of which ( PKR 44.54 billion   equivalent to USD 243.1 million ) was settled  before signing in April 2022   and the remaining amount will be paid in five equal annual instalments. Both transactions were funded in local currency facilities secured through domestic banking partners.On   VEON announced that Banglalink has acquired new spectrum  doubling the company's spectrum holding. Banglalink acquired 40 MHz of spectrum from the 2300 GHz band  ensuring that Banglalink retains its position as the top private operator in in terms of spectrum per customer. On   Jazz signed a 4G license renewal with the Pakistan Telecommunication Authority for a fee of for 15 years  50% of which (   equivalent to ) was settled  before signing in   and the remaining amount will be paid in five equal annual instalments. Both transactions were funded in local currency facilities secured through domestic banking partners. Increased local currency debt funding. On 16 April 2022   Jazz in Pakistan signed a PKR 40 billion (c. USD 222 million ) syndicated loan with a 10 year maturity. On 26 April 2022   Banglalink signed a BDT 12 billion (c. USD 135 million ) syndicated loan with a 5 year maturity.On   Jazz in signed a (c. ) syndicated loan with a 10 year maturity. On   Banglalink signed a (c. ) syndicated loan with a 5 year maturity. Atyab Tahir appointed as CEO of JazzCash. On 14 March 2022   VEON announced the appointment of Atyab Tahir as Chief Executive Officer of JazzCash  the number one digital financial services provider in Pakistan and a division of Jazz  effective 1 May 2022 .On   VEON announced the appointment of Atyab Tahir as Chief Executive Officer of JazzCash  the number one digital financial services provider in and a division of Jazz  effective . VEON not subject to sanctions. On 4 March 2022   VEON confirmed its conclusion that it is not the subject of sanctions  following the introduction of EU sanctions on LetterOne shareholders  Mr. Fridman and Mr. Aven on 28 February 2022 .On   VEON confirmed its conclusion that it is not the subject of sanctions  following the introduction of EU sanctions on LetterOne shareholders  Mr. Fridman and Mr. Aven on . Group senior management shareholding. On 28 February 2022   VEON announced the details of management share awards following the finalization of the management incentive plan.On   VEON announced the details of management share awards following the finalization of the management incentive plan. VEON confirms notification from NASDAQ on minimum share price requirement. On 12 April 2022   VEON confirmed that it had received notification on 7 April 2022 VEON from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq Stock Market (""Nasdaq"") stating that VEON is not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq's Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). This does not impact current Nasdaq listing and trading  and VEON confirmed that it would evaluate options to return to compliance.Additional informationView the full 1Q22 trading updateView 1Q22 trading update presentationAbout VEONVEON is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-listed global provider of connectivity and digital services  headquartered in Amsterdam. Our vision is to empower customer ambitions through technology  acting as a digital concierge to guide their choices and connect them with resources that match their needs.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com.Notice to reader: impact of conflictVEON's results presented in this trading update are  unless otherwise stated  based on IFRS and have not been externally reviewed and audited. The financial information included in this trading update is preliminary and is based on a number of assumptions that are subject to inherent uncertainties and subject to change. The financial information presented herein is based on internal management accounts  is the responsibility of management and is subject to financial closing procedures which have not yet been completed and has not been audited  reviewed or verified. Although we believe the information to be reasonable  actual results may vary from the information contained above and such variations could be material. As such  you should not place undue reliance on this information. This information may not be indicative of the actual results for the quarter or any future period.The ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the sanctions imposed by the United States  member states of the European Union  the European Union itself  the United Kingdom  Ukraine and certain other nations  countermeasure sanctions by Russia and other legal and regulatory responses  as well as responses by our service providers  partners  suppliers and other counterparties  and the consequences of all of the foregoing have significantly impacted and will continue to significantly impact our results and operations in Russia and Ukraine  and may significantly affect our results and operations in the other countries in which we operate. We are closely monitoring events in Russia and Ukraine  as well as the possibility of the imposition of further sanctions in connection with the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and any resulting further rise in tensions between Russia  and the United States  the United Kingdom and/or the European Union. We hope that there will be a peaceful and amicable resolution and are doing everything we can to protect the safety of our employees  while continuing to ensure the uninterrupted operation of our communications  financial and digital services.The broad nature of the financial sanctions targeted at the Russian financial system  including several banks that have historically provided funding to the Company  the comprehensive sanctions on investment and vendors in Russia and the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine may have a material impact on the Company's operations and business plans in Russia and Ukraine. Over the next few months  we will be undertaking an assessment of the need for and amount of potential impairment charges  which is not as of yet determinable due to a number of factors  including the fluidity of the current situation and our ability to obtain relevant data required to build a business plan given the ongoing conflict and associated uncertainties. We anticipate that we will report material impairment charges with respect to assets in Ukraine and/or Russia during 2022  unless there is a significant improvement in the current underlying conditions  including a lasting resolution of the ongoing conflict. However  we are still gathering the necessary data and we are not able at this time to estimate the amount or range of this potential impairment charge to the profit and loss statement. Such an impairment charge  if any  would have no impact on the Company's cash flow.DisclaimerThis trading update contains ""forward-looking statements""  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. These forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as ""may "" ""might "" ""will "" ""could "" ""would "" ""should "" ""expect "" ""plan "" ""anticipate "" ""intend "" ""seek "" ""believe "" ""estimate "" ""predict "" ""potential "" ""continue "" ""contemplate "" ""possible"" and other similar words. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to  among other things  VEON's plans to implement its strategic priorities  including operating model and development plans; anticipated performance  including VEON's ability to generate sufficient cash flow; VEON's assessment of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its current and future operations and financial condition; VEON's assessment of the impact of the conflict surrounding Russia and Ukraine  including related sanctions and counter-sanctions  on its current and future operations and financial condition; future market developments and trends; operational and network development and network investment  including expectations regarding the roll-out and benefits of 3G/4G/LTE networks  as applicable; spectrum acquisitions and renewals; the effect of the acquisition of additional spectrum on customer experience; VEON's ability to realize the acquisition and disposition of any of its businesses and assets and to execute its strategic transactions in the timeframes anticipated  or at all; VEON's ability to realize financial improvements  including an expected reduction of net pro-forma leverage ratio following the successful completion of certain dispositions and acquisitions; our dividends; and VEON's ability to realize its targets and commercial initiatives in its various countries of operation.The forward-looking statements included in this trading update are based on management's best assessment of VEON's strategic and financial position and of future market conditions  trends and other potential developments. These discussions involve risks and uncertainties. The actual outcome may differ materially from these statements as a result of  among other things: further escalation in the conflict surrounding Russia and Ukraine  including further sanctions and counter-sanctions and any related involuntary deconsolidation of our Russian and/or Ukrainian operations; further unanticipated developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic  such as the effect on consumer spending  that has negatively affected VEON's operations and financial condition in the past; demand for and market acceptance of VEON's products and services; our plans regarding our dividend payments and policies  as well as our ability to receive dividends  distributions  loans  transfers or other payments or guarantees from our subsidiaries; continued volatility in the economies in VEON's markets; governmental regulation of the telecommunications industries; general political uncertainties in VEON's markets; government investigations or other regulatory actions; litigation or disputes with third parties or regulatory authorities or other negative developments regarding such parties; the impact of export controls and laws affecting trade and investment on our and important third-party suppliers' ability to procure goods  software or technology necessary for the services we provide to our customers; risks associated with data protection or cyber security  other risks beyond the parties' control or a failure to meet expectations regarding various strategic priorities  the effect of foreign currency fluctuations  increased competition in the markets in which VEON operates and the effect of consumer taxes on the purchasing activities of consumers of VEON's services.Certain other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in any forward-looking statements include the risk factors described in VEON's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2020 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the ""SEC"") on 15 March 2021 and other public filings made from time to time by VEON with the SEC  including VEON's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 to be filed with the SEC on 29 April 2022. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could harm our future results. New risk factors and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties  nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Under no circumstances should the inclusion of such forward-looking statements in this press release be regarded as a representation or warranty by us or any other person with respect to the achievement of results set out in such statements or that the underlying assumptions used will in fact be the case. Therefore  you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. We cannot assure you that any projected results or events will be achieved. Except to the extent required by law  we disclaim any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  after the date on which the statements are made  or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.In addition  we present certain information on a forward-looking basis. We are not able to  without unreasonable efforts  provide a full reconciliation to IFRS due to potentially high variability  complexity and low visibility as to the items that would be excluded from the comparable IFRS measure in the relevant future period  including  but not limited to  depreciation and amortization  impairment loss  loss on disposal of non-current assets  financial income and expenses  foreign currency exchange losses and gains  income tax expense and performance transformation costs  cash and cash equivalents  long-term and short-term deposits  interest accrued related to financial liabilities  other unamortized adjustments to financial liabilities  derivatives  and other financial liabilities.Contact InformationInvestor RelationsNik Kershaw[email protected]+31 20 79 77 200SOURCE VEON Ltd",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,positive,0.76,0.2,0.04,True,English,"['Q1 2022 trading update', 'VEON', 'other vital digital services', 'positive local currency EBITDA performance', 'average March exchange rate', 'committed undrawn credit lines', '1Q22 mobile service revenue', 'strong Group revenue performance', 'continued local currency growth', 'mobile termination rates', 'Kaan Terzioğlu', 'cost efficiency measures', 'overall customer experience', '1Q22 subscriber base', '4G customer base', '4G subscriber base', 'Net debt/EBITDA ratio', 'additional 19.7 million users', 'total subscriber base', '100.8 million 4G users', 'higher roaming revenues', '206 million mobile subscribers', 'fourth consecutive quarter', 'Mobile revenue growth', 'fixed-line service revenue', 'local currency terms', '1Q22 revenue growth', 'Group 1Q22 EBITDA', 'financial service business', 'YoY revenue growth', 'continued growth', 'excellent performance', 'digital operator', 'Strong growth', '4G networks', '4G subscribers', '220 million customers', 'Total cash', 'Current ratio', '15.7 million MAUs', '6.3 million MAU', 'The Group', 'high-single-digit growth', 'healthy growth', 'data revenue', 'Group capex', 'Group EBITDA', 'stakeholder value', 'trading update', 'current challenges', 'business continuity', 'nine countries', 'character-building times', 'financial discipline', 'capital structure', '1Q 2022 highlights', 'Current assets', 'Current liabilities', 'operating companies', 'key driver', 'good result', 'ongoing conflict', 'withholding tax', 'charitable donations', 'employee support', 'extraordinary costs', 'past 12 months', 'Toffee TV', 'capex intensity', 'first quarter', 'operating results', 'solid results', 'Pakistan revenue', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Ukraine revenues', '101,000 subscribers', '7% YoY', '4.0% YoY', '5.6% YoY', '12.2% YoY', '9% YoY', 'operations', 'AMSTERDAM', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'USD', 'teams', 'commitment', 'access', 'information', 'operational', 'Headquarters', '2.4x', 'country', 'UAH', 'Kyivstar', 'Russia', 'consolidation', '104.1 ruble', 'dollar', 'numbers', 'increase', '16 January', 'reduction', 'Kazakhstan', 'account', 'unrest', 'KZT', 'markets', 'impact', 'Beeline', 'JazzCash', 'rise', 'Bangladesh', '87% Y']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,prnewswire.com
3856,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4504707-telenet-group-holding-nv-tlghf-ceo-john-porter-on-q1-2022-results-earnings-call-transcript,Telenet Group Holding NV. (TLGHF) CEO John Porter on Q1 2022 Results - Earnings Call Transcript,Telenet Group Holding NV. (OTCPK:TLGHF) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call April 28  2022 9:30 AM ETCompany ParticipantsJohn Porter – Chief Executive Officer & Managing DirectorErik Van...,"Telenet Group Holding NV. (OTCPK:TLGHF) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call April 28  2022 9:30 AM ETCompany ParticipantsJohn Porter – Chief Executive Officer & Managing DirectorErik Van den Enden – Chief Financial OfficerRob Goyens – Vice President Treasury & Investor RelationsConference Call ParticipantsJoshua Mills – Exane BNP ParibasBenjamin Lyons – Credit SuisseRoshan Ranjit – Deutsche BankRuben Devos – KBC SecuritiesNicolas Cote Colisson – HSBC BankCarl Murdock Smith – BerenbergLaura Humvee – MFS Investment ManagementJames Ratzer – New Street ResearchOperatorHello  and welcome to the Telenet Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Bert  and I will be your coordinator for today's events. For the duration of the call your lines will be on listen-only. However  there will be the opportunity to ask questions. [Operator instructions]. I will now hand over to your host Rob Goyens  VP Treasury and Investors Relations to begin today's call. Thank you.Rob GoyensThanks Operator  and welcome everyone to our First Quarter earnings webcast and Conference Call. As always all earnings materials  including this presentation  can be found in the results section of our Investor Relations website. And after this call  as per usual  we will also provide a replay and transcript for those having missed this call. We'll start today with an overview of the main trends and achievements in the quarter that will be presented by John Porter  our CEO. Immediately thereafter  Erik Van den Enden  our CFO  will guide you through our operational and financial results. And finally  after this  we'll open it up for Q&A.Given the number of participants to this call  and in order to allow an equal treatment  we're limiting to two questions each. Any follow-up questions can be directed to the talent Investor Relations team afterwards. Before we start this presentation however  I would like to remind you that certain statements in this earnings presentation contains forward-looking statements. More information on these statements can be found in the Safe Harbor disclaimer at the beginning of our presentation  with that  let me hand now over to John.John PorterThanks  Rob  and good afternoon or morning to all of you. Thanks for joining the call. First of all  delighted that yesterday's AGM approved the appointment of four new directors to our board  of which three are new independent directors. Ms. Lieve Creten  Mr. John Gilbert and Mr. Dirk Van den Berghe have been appointed for a four-year term as new independent directors of the Company and Ms. Madalina Suceveanu as a new non-executive director. At the same time  the director mandates of both Ms. Amy Blair and Ms. Sabrina Pascu have been extended by a similar four-year period.The new Telenet Board of Directors consists of 11 members  including for independent directors  as opposed to nine members and three independent directors previously. A revamp board is well placed to help promote further growth for Telenet  given its wide breadth of experience and background. In addition  Andre Sorence will continue to serve as an independent observer. The new board will have four women embody five different cultures and bring a wide range of expertise  including technology  media  and telecom experience  e-commerce  digital transformation  data platform management  and finance and technology.The mandate of Mr. Bert De Graeve  Chairman of the Board until now  and independent director has come to an end. I would personally like to thank Bert for his great leadership and vision  leveraging his experience in the telecom and media business  inspired the SLT  and supported Telenet's bold expansion into the media sector  and to become a full-fledged fmc operator. I'm pleased that Mr. Diovan [Indiscernible] has accepted to share the Board for a one-year term. He has always been a well valued independent director and Chairman of the audit remuneration committee since 2015. After that one-year term  he will be succeeded by Mr. Dirk Funderburg(ph).Finally  Christiana Frank has stepped down from the Board as Independent Director  as she reached the maximum permitted age as stipulated in our corporate governance charter. Christiana has also been a key contributor to our board for over six years  providing season advice on variety of topics. I hereby also want to thank her for her expertise and engagement. At the end of October last year  we announced that the Board has started a strategic review of our tower business. In five months later  we are entered into a binding agreement with digital bridge regarding the full sale of this business  which owns all of Telenet's passive infrastructure assets. The transaction values are tower business at €745 million  on a debt and cash-free basis. Equivalent to a multiple of just over 25 times on EBITDA after leases basis. We expect this transaction to close in Q2  2022. And as mentioned  we intend to initially hold on to the net proceeds awaiting the outcome of certain transactions  on our leverage profile.As a reminder  we continue to actively target a four times net total leverage structure  which is exactly where we were at the end of March. Having successfully completed the strategic review of our tele -portfolio  remain fully committed to evolve on the Fluvius transaction. Both companies target to enter into final legal agreements by the time we announced our H1 results  which represents a slightly delayed timing from the spring initially. We will reach out to you on a new timing for our Capital Markets Day  to provide more clarity on the growth outlook for both our retail and infrastructure businesses. Unfortunately  we live in unprecedented times with a war ongoing in Europe causing the casualties of many innocent people.The situation in Ukraine has deeply touched us all. Since the outbreak of the war  we have taken our corporate social responsibility to provide free mobile connectivity access to Ukraine refugees in Belgium  allowing them to stay connected with family and friends in the home country. In addition  we support local governments with Internet access in the temporary refugee centers and took many other initiatives to support the Ukrainian people  such as the provision of the Ukraine 24 TV channel. Moving on to our results now  when we look back at our operational performance in the first quarter  we managed to organically grow our business. However  at a slightly slower pace  as we observed less flux in the market.This can also be seen through our annualized Churn rates which remain at historically low levels. We added nearly 23 000 net new FMC subscribers in the quarter  bringing the total to just over 772 000 subscribers at the end of Q1 up 17% year-on-year. We also managed to expand both our broadband and mobile customer basis  with 2 900 and 8 800 net additions respectively. The weighted average data download speed across our broadband subscriber base continue to increase  reaching 241 megabits per second at March 31st  2022  up 12% from 250 megabits per second  in Q1 last year. This underlines our leading network infrastructure position in fixed. I'm also proud about the performance of our mobile network  offering the highest download speed on mobile in Belgium at 93.5 megabits per second  based on the latest BIPT test drive results. And finally  our commercial broadcasting subsidiary  SBS  launched another very successful edition of The Mall  with a record-breaking over one million viewers for the first episode  which equaled a 50% market share. As you all know  we will be participating in a spectrum auction in June  which we are very intensively preparing for.It concerns both the renewal of existing spectrum licenses  which have been temporarily renewed until mid-September of this year  and also new capacity for 5G  as you see in the illustration above. At the end of March 2022  the BIPT informed the participants of the auction  that one new comer had exercised its option to acquire reserves spectrum in the 700 megahertz  900 megahertz  1821 megahertz brands. Also  existing operators have exercised their option to obtain 30 megahertz duplex reserve spectrum  in the 900  1800  and 2100 bands. The remaining non-reserved spectrum lots will be auctioned as of early June 2022  in total  640 megahertz of spectrum will be auctioned. As previously discussed  we continue to question the viability of a potential fourth mobile player in the Belgium B2C market.In light of the high conversion rate of over 60% today  already in the residential segment. And the already very competitive standalone mobile market with many brands  MVNOs  MNOs  and low priced offers. Having completed the first three months of the year  we confirm our full-year 2022 outlook as presented mid-February. In line with our FY 2022 outlook  we anticipate an improved trend in our revenue profile and adjusted EBITDA in the second half of the year  driven by certain price adjustments coming into effect as of mid-June 2022  as announced yesterday  as well as the continued focus on our operating expenses and tight cost control. With that  let me now hand over to Erik.Erik Van den EndenThanks John  and welcome everybody. Let's first take a look at our operational results in the first quarter of this year. We ended nearly 23 000 net fully converged subscribers in the first quarter  which represented a softer growth trend compared to preceding quarters. This reflected seasonality and a less active market environment characterized by less flux and a continued decrease in our annualized Churn. The expansion of our broadband Internet customer base continued  albeit at a slower pace. Over the first three months of the year  we added almost 3 000 net broadband subscribers  which was primarily driven by the business segments. We also added 8 800 net new mobile post-paid subscribers in the quarter  again driven by a softer market dynamic.Our monthly fixed ARPU per customer relationship reached €58.7  representing a decrease of nearly 2% compared to the prior year period when our ARPU was favorably impacted by certain one-offs. At the same time  we continue to see a shift from cable revenue to mobile revenue as a result of our new 1 and 1 Up bundles. This effect  however  should annualize as of the second quarter as we've launched these bundles about a yearago. Let's now have a look at our top line performance in the first quarter. We generated revenue of nearly $645 million in the first quarter  which was broadly flat versus the first quarter of last year  which included certain one-offs in our video revenue. Excluding this impact  our underlying growth would have been around 1%. Turning to the cost side  our operating expenses increased just over 1% year-on-year in the first quarter. This was mainly driven by higher outsourced labor and professional service costs  as a result of certain strategic and digital transformation projects. We also incurred a $1.7 million increase in staff leave expenses  due to the mandatory wage indexation of 3.6% at the beginning of this year.And finally  we recorded higher network operating expenses  reflecting amongst others  a $3.5 million year-on-year increase in our energy costs. Turning to the next slide  you can see that we achieved an adjusted EBITDA of nearly $329 million in the first quarter  which marked a decline of 1.7% versus the first quarter of last year. The decline in our adjusted EBITDA was driven both by a tough comparison base compared to last year because of certain one off effects in Q1. And the impact of higher inflation on both for structuring expenses and network operating costs.In line with our full-year outlook for 2022  we anticipate an improved trend in our adjusted EBITDA in the second half of the year. Driven by certain price adjustments coming into effect as of mid-June  as well as continued focused on our operating expenses and tight cost control. Let's now have look at our accrued capital expenditures. Excluding the recognition of certain football broadcasting rights  mobile spectrum licenses  and certain lease related capital additions. Our Q1 accrued capital expenditures were nearly €140 million  equivalent to approximately 22% of revenue  and representing a more moderate 4% year-on-year increase. In line with our full-year outlook  we expect our investment intensity to pick up in the remaining quarters.Turning to adjusted EBITDA  less property and equipment additions  or operating free cash flow as we used to call it  we yielded an adjusted EBITDA less property and equipment additions of nearly a $189 million  in the first quarter. A 6% year-on-year decrease  mainly driven by the 2% contraction in our adjusted EBITDA  as explained earlier. And secondly  by modestly higher accrued capital expenditure versus the first quarter of last year. In line with our full-year outlook  we expect a further contraction in our adjusted EBITDA  less property and equipment additions for the remainder of the year as higher investments will more than offset to projected recovery in our adjusted EBITDA. Turning to the next slide  you can see that our adjusted free cash flow was €61 million. This represented a 49% year-on-year decrease  which is mainly driven by a different phasing in the payment of our annual cash taxes  which were paid in Q1 of this year  whereas they were paid in Q2 in 2021.We also had a $9 million lower contribution from our vendor financing program compared to last year. Finally  as we already settled our annual cash taxes in the first quarter  we expect a much stronger adjusted free cash flow performance in the second quarter and in the remainder of the year. Turning to the overview of our debt position  we continue to enjoy a very strong liquidity and long-term debt maturity profile. At the end of March  the weighted average maturity of our depths  excluding short-dated commitments under our vendor financing program  was 6.3 years and we faced no depth amortization prior to March 2028. Including our cash balance we have a total undrawn available liquidity of almost €720 million. Moreover  all of our floating debt has been swapped into fixed  limiting the exposure to future interest rate swings.The Board of Directors remains highly committed to deliver on the company's shareholder remuneration policy. As detailed during the December 2018 Capital Markets Day  and as tightened in October 2022. In the absence of any material acquisitions and or significant changes in our business or regulatory environment  we intend to maintain net total leverage around 4.0times  through an attractive and sustainable level of shareholder disbursements. This includes a fixed dividend per share floor of 2.75 Euros per-share. Remainder of our adjusted free cash flow may still be considered for treating acquisitions  extraordinary dividends  incremental share buybacks  deleveraging  or any combination thereof. At the end of March 2022  our net total leverage was at 4.0 times exactly in the middle of our range  and unchanged compared to the end of last year.Having completed the first three months of the year  we reconfirm our full-year outlook as presented mid-February. Relative to the first quarter  we expect an improved trends in both our revenue and adjusted EBITDA in the second half of the year. Driven by certain price adjustments coming into effect as of mid-June  as well as continuous focus  on our operating expenses and tight cost control. Yesterday  the agent approved the proposed final gross dividend of 1.375 per share.The dividend will be paid next week on May the 4th from our existing cash balances  with a Telenet share trading ex dividend on Euronext Brussels as of the 2nd of May. In addition  the AGM approved the cancellation of 1.1 million treasury shares  which we repurchased under the share repurchase program of 2021. As a result  the total number of shares will be lowered by an equivalent amount of shares. As such  Telenet continues to execute against its shareholder remuneration policy as announced in December 2018 and tightened in October 2020. With that  I hand over to the Operator for the Q&A session.Question-and-Answer SessionOperatorThank you. If you would like to ask a question  [Operator instruction]. Please ensure your line is unmuted locally  as you will be advised when to ask your question. And once again  [Operator Instruction] if you'd like to ask a question. And the first question comes from the line of Joshua Mills from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.Joshua MillsHi  guys. Thank you for the two questions. The first one for me would just be on your guidance and you've talked in the first quarter about the impact to inflation. Since you gave the guidance  the Belgian help in that sense. And you had mentioned it had picked up quite materially. And if I look at your price increase  that's coming through in June on 4.7%  that's still below the 8% inflation rate which we are currently seeing. My question is  what gives you the confidence that despite those bigger cost headwinds you're actually able to deliver 1% EBITDA on gross this year  have you found more customer base with the initial guidance as conservative  just give more detail about what it would take that would be very helpful.And then secondly  John  you touched on the upcoming spectrum option and I think before you've always talked about the limited consumer opportunity given like emergencies. And perhaps this might be more of a B2B focus products  but given that the new entry is reserving spectrum across multiple different bands and since we're looking for a Nationwide's potentially consumer focused offer  what do you think they might be looking at the opportunity here and have your thought prices there is about. You will need to respond to the drop to that change though. Thank you.John PorterOkay. Thanks  Josh. First of all  of the health index relative to the increase  first of all  we're not exposed to the full force of the health index. The major things that impact our P&L are certainly labor  which we've already indicated the increase is 3.6 and we do not need to -- unlike some of our competitors in the industry and other corporates  we do not need to revisit that until 2023. That is probably the biggest impact and I think Eric and his introduction articulated that in Q1 that was $1.7 million impact on our labor.The other -- the second largest impact is energy of course  and we also pointed out that the impact in Q1 was about $3 million and we're anticipating probably a likely case scenario potentially being up to $10 million for the full yea. Beyond that  operating costs are well within the span of our control. We have quite a bit of confidence that we can manage. And the other thing is that when you look at our price increase  it is something that has been developed in the context certainly of the inflationary pressures  but also with extensive quantitative and qualitative research with our customers.Telenet position as having incumbent like market share means we have a very precious I would say relationship with the consumer  and we don't want to abuse that position. Now obviously our competitors have also raised their prices in a range of 5%. That obviously gives us a headroom to go up to where we are  but it was quite clear in the research that we did that there is a bit of a cliff in terms of your NPS or relationship with the consumer. They will ware up to 5%  but it falls off pretty spectacularly after that. The other thing to point out is that a rate increase is not a rate increase or a rate increase  because when you look at these rate increases that others in our industry are proposing  they are either on back book or front book or no front book and no back book or certain segments  a lot of exclusions.I'd say that in the context of the industry announcements on price increases that ours is probably one of the most extensive because  we don't really play the front book  back book game for quite straightforward on our pricing  and what's good for the front book is good for the back book. So when we take a price increase  we're actually taking it against a very broad spectrum of our subscription revenue. The subscription revenue that of our 2.5 billion of total revenue ish  we're applying this rate increase to 1.6 billion of the total revenue  and there's some more specifics on that that we can give you later. But that is quite a broad range of the revenue. So you can see on a full-year basis  it will have a substantial impact. And even on the half-year basis  it will provide against cost a very nice acceleration in our EBITDA. So that's giving us the confidence to say that this is more than enough for us to retain good relationships with our customers  as well as cover the increase in their costs.When it comes to the spectrum auction and the idea of a fourth operator  I mean  obviously  we won't know the full story until well after the auction probably  but I will certainly speak by my thesis that the companies that are behind the purchasing of reserve spectrum are really not in a position to launch an extensive above the line B2C strategy. The return on capital for the B2C strategy given the certain aspects of the legislation  which are what I would call anti-arbitrage provisions of having to get 20% population coverage before you can get a national roaming agreement and other aspects mean that in addition to the $83 million they've already committed  that you're probably talking about at least another $100 million to really get in the game.The profiles of these companies are not really to put themselves in a position to do that. There's nothing about their business model today that suggests they have any experience in B2C. They don't have the cash flow profiles to invest in a long-term payback. I would say that a more likely scenario is that they are basing that providing broader coverage could be an element of their industrial enterprise strategy. They certainly target businesses and the public sector where there are tens of thousands of employees. This might be something a benefit that they would extend to some of their large enterprise customers. The only complete unknown is whether there's a scale international player potentially sitting behind them.But I would suggest to you that there is no reason to believe that going from a standing start in this market  where you have over 50% FMC customers  you have over 60% attachment rate  you have pricing all over the board  you have at least 15 MVNOs including some scale ones in like a mobile and mobile banking’s that have carved out some interesting segments in the market  that there is a real place for a disruptive B2C player to get a real toehold in the market. Even if we would say  this fourth operator could over say three or four years get to the penetration levels of the largest MVNO  which is Mobile Vikings  we like it as the largest  but that includes prepaid. But the largest post-paid MVNO  which is Mobile Vikings with 300 000ish plus a little bit over 300 000 postpaid sims.That's not a disruptive profile in a market where  you have kind of a 90% SIM to Pulp ratio. So that's the short version of why I don't think this is going to be a substantial threat  but we ask  could I be proven wrong? I guess so. But also  there is just no intelligence in the market to suggest that there's any movement on that front. And it would be one of the most well kept secrets in the European Telco industry if there was a major player behind them. So those are the answers to your question  Josh.Joshua MillsGreat. Thanks very much.OperatorThe next question comes from the line of Benjamin Lyons from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.Benjamin LyonsThanks for taking my question. If I could just stick on pricing. I was wondering if you were looking to do anything on the mobile side. And as you've seen  one of your peers do a bit of a more-for-more type strategy going through June. So I was wondering if you're still -- what you were looking at that. And if I could also ask on residential broadband  it just seemed like a significant slowdown. You said that Churn was down in the market  and that means you got a bit of a pull forward in broadband anyway. But are you seeing any share loss or is it being compensated on the wholesale side. If you could just give your take on what you're saying from a market share standpoint. Thanks.John PorterI think it's -- Personally  I don't think there's a lot of shift in the share going on. We're experiencing  I think in something we put out already  we said that there's the least amount of flux in the market that we've seen basically. So in other words  our Churn rate is extremely low. So we're  we're probably  obviously we're not going to see all these numbers and we'll see Proximus is  but I don't think this is the biggest issue. I think the bigger although approximates has been aggressive with hardware offers and these kinds of things through the holiday period et cetera. So I'm sure they'll present some decent results  but I don't think it's the -- I think it's the main driver. I think what we're doing  what's happening is we're two things. One is we're coming out of  we're coming out of the pandemic period where  we had real market expansion  we added over 50 000 broadband subs during the pandemic.So it was -- it was a really back to the good old day’s period as  all the operators gains something pretty close to their fair share during that period. I think maybe coming out of that  a lot of that absolute necessity to have fixed broadband everywhere  we aren't seeing the same need for that or if we had the same need for that  it was already satisfied during the heavier days of the lock-downs  etc. Where we saw the weakness it was not in shifting share  it was on the acquisition side. We just didn't see -- there wasn't really a lot of opportunity there. On the mobile front  we are increasing Telenet mobile by the 4.7%. We're not shying away from that. As you know  Telenet mobile is predominantly in an FMC package or at the very least  attached to a 1P or a 2P customer  but not in what we define as an FMC. The market is a bit here and there on the definition of FMC. We define FMC as somebody who's in a data - centric platform agnostic package with a fixed price.And then the price it's not you buy mobile  you buy some to the extent and then we give you free HBO  that's not FMC in our minds. So we think the overall 4.7% will be applied to all of the FMC bundles  and all of the standalone products in Telenet. We're not raising the price on base. Embrace base has been positioned as  as a value product. It's primarily impacting our success in Brussels  and in the south of the country. And the only other thing that we're not raising is our premium entertainment products. And that's it  I mean  pretty much everything else except large enterprise and SME in to be everything else. SOHO is getting raised 4.7% as well  so it's a broad reach on the rate increase.Benjamin LyonsPerfect. Thanks for the color.OperatorThe next question comes from the line of Roshan Ranjit from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.Roshan RanjitGood afternoon  everyone. Thank you for the questions from me  please. Firstly  on previous more so I appreciate the long and a complex situation. Is it possible just to give us some color on what the reason for these delays are. Is it say the same situation which is just dragging or are there new developments which are causing the situation just to be pushed out? Any details you can give there will be super-helpful please. And secondly  just moving back to the KPIs. If I look at the digital TV split  I think that saw a sharp decline. And I think you've now completed the migration from analog to digital. Are we now seeing the effects of a pretty mature digital TV market which as you have pointed out  there is very limited movement within the market? There isn't this increase in digital TV base or do you think that there is still a bit more to extract there  because again  if we break down within the digital TV ads  I think this was the climate we've seen for the last two years. Again  any details there will be super helpful. Thank you.John PorterWell  just a couple of comments on the TV base. One is  yes. We completed the analog switch off  but I believe that was in the middle of last year. So  we might have expected to see the impact from that  not having the benefit of moving people over in Q3 or Q4. Although potentially it took that long. I think we also are really probably -- I can tell you anecdotally coming from our call center agents and our retail folks  that a lot of calls we're getting we're not -- as I said  we're not seeing much Churn  nobody saying  ""Hey  I'm paying too much to you guys and I'm going to go [Indiscernible] or to Orange or whatever it's about. "" ""I love the service. I love the products the broadband is working great. How can I say these are tough times?How can I save some money? "" And I think the direction of course is potential [Indiscernible] on the basic TV product. So we're seeing that both in retention and to some extent in acquisition  and it's not surprising that it's  well  we couldn't expect to be immune from this phenomenon forever. So  yes  we will see how it goes. We do have some strategies in place to mitigate that and turn that situation  back around more positively. But as more and more D2C services launch  I mean  etc. it's going to get increasingly challenging  so we have to replace that  that revenue  that customer relationship with somebody else. But we still have very high TV penetration compared to  the rest of the Western World's Markets.Erik Van den EndenSo we'd be also an issue in regards to discuss so into boss prior to the analyst which have been dealing this analog switch-off process. There was of course  a very strong migration from basic video to enhanced video  so it's why underlying there was still a positive trend on the video side. Now of course  hedging completed that migration that still is relatively small proportion of basic TV customers left  as we showed into Q4. We will keep 14 definitely decided to no longer split it out because it does not give any particular color  so when you look at the total video churn  which is the most important factor to focus on  is the combination of the basic and the enhanced video.The trends are still relatively similar compared to what we saw previously. So yet they just going a bit more from digital  but that's also because end of migration has not been completed  it's logical that if your base has been fully converted  you've stays relatively the same that you've done  lose those digital subscribers. As to Fluvius saw again  the question was  does it just take longer or do you have your own count of new roadblocks. If it's clearly the fact that we -- I mean  there are no new roadblocks  so it's not that all of a sudden  you know  we entered into a huge issue and that we're stalled there. You didn't need very much the case that the process that we have to go through  which is very detailed and very tedious in terms of producing the carve-out accounts  doing the due diligence  that this take longer.It's incredibly complex a file. And also one that of course  where I can get an agreement which bind till Nextel gets to lead for the next 20 years. So we're taking that very serious. And it does just take more time than we expected. It's also so that there are some elements as well that are not necessarily knowing under our control  nor Fluvius control in terms of the timeline so I mean  to give one example  of course we both want to have full clarity on the tax implications of this carve-out  and these things are still underway. Now  at the same time  we have been making quite a bit of prowess  [Indiscernible] of progress. So we do feel comfortable that we will  at both sides be able to land the file with a final signature by the time we'll be fully buy it  or before the time we publish H1 results. But it is indeed  more time consuming and more lengthy than we anticipated.Roshan RanjitOkay great. That's really helpful  thank you.OperatorThe next question comes from the line of Ruben Devos  KBC Securities. Please go ahead.Ruben DevosGood afternoon. Just my first question is on what you said in the outlook. It talks about being a pivotal year with reported strategic projects. You are talking about reviews and a set up mobile towers that apart from these  I was wondering whether you could talk a bit about your commercial strategy in Vilonia. It will likely take the entire year for your competitors before they will be approved  you've been active there on the mobile side  have been experimenting with the dam. Are there some thoughts you could share on what type of possibilities there are now that the landscape is changing in the south  that's the first question?And the second one is just on share buybacks really. You initiated one in October  finalized in February. It was about $1.1 million shares  relative to $110 million shares overall. So relatively small let's say  that consumers hasn't been banking on any buybacks really. But given that you sort of indicated before that you'd like to signal your confidence in the company's prospects in the relatively low valuation. Yes  I was wondering whether more share buybacks could be an interesting way in your view  to use excess cash in the company. Thank you.Erik Van den EndenI will take the question on the buybacks  Ruben. So buybacks has obviously something that we have been using many times in the past. It's true that the last one was relatively small  one that's backing 2019. We did the $300 million share buyback and also before that  it's a tool that we have been using the regularly and is also fully part of our toolbox. I think at this point in time  obviously we are expecting to proceed from the tower sale. Important to understand is that the cash is not yet on our bank account. We expect that to happen by the end of Q2. I think what we have  what the Board has decided for now is to retain that cash until we get more clarity on two important files  it is at the one hand  the spectrum auction and at the other hand the Fluvius transaction.And when there is clarity around those deals  we will apply the shareholder program  as we always do and definitely assess whether a buyback is a good use of proceeds there  but it's been part of our tool -- it will continue to be part of our tool box. It is just that on the short-term and that is probably again  I mean  the auction is going to be in June. We plan to land the deal with Fluvius before we published H1 results with relatively short timeframe  but we want to get the clarity first before we take any decision on biolinks.John PorterAnd then also given  I think we are pleased as the company that yesterday  the shareholders approved to the new share of buyback resolution  which actually states that we can buy back shares over the next five-year periods up to the legal maximum threshold. And as you maybe have seen from the competing notice  the conditions for the buyback have become more flexible. Of course  that does not yet give the company the mandate  that which needs to be granted by the board  as Erik just mentioned. But at least for our shareholder's resolution perspective  we have been able to renew it for another five years  yesterday as part of the AGM. Yeah.And then maybe on Vilonia  there's not much we can say for now  I think we're all aware that the -- I mean  the regulatory process for the VOO transaction is still fully in progress  and it's expected to take probably until the end of the year or maybe longer. That's of course for us difficult to see  but that's a typical timeline for an approval process. In the meantime  I mean  we are active in Vilonia  we always have been  and continue to be with the base brands  and we will continue to be active there. But in terms of further concrete plans  it's not something that -- we can either communicate but also  put together at this stage  we will first have to understand what is the outcome of the regulatory in view.Ruben DevosAlright  thank you.OperatorNext question comes from the line of Nicolas Cote Colisson from HSBC. Please go ahead.Nicolas Cote ColissonThank you  John's. Two questions  please. Just to follow up on the new entrants thing. As an operator yourself  do you think it would take a -- how long it would take sorry  to beat the 20% footprint and start accessing or roaming agreement. And also what would be your appetite to offer such a running agreements to the new entrants. And my second question is on Fluvuis(ph) transaction. So I understand you should get back to us before end of July. Should we then expect to knew about the final Sheldon structure  including the financial parties of these would come at a later stage. Thank you.John PorterNo  I think it's our intention -- one of the reasons that we've delayed Capital Markets Day and the end-to-end discussion of the Fluvius transaction and its implications for our capital allocation going forward is that we want to have a completely comprehensive agreement in place so that there's going to be no outstanding issues  no outstanding discussions other than the fact of probably who's going to be the wholesale access seekers on the network. We know  obviously  that on day one  Orange is going to be on the NetCo  100%. We expect that there is a lot of good reasons for them to follow along with us  but those things won't be finalized until after the agreement's in place.But once we do finalize the outstanding issues on the agreement  and  as Erik said  they're more a matter of administration than commercial discussion  we will share very comprehensively the details of the agreement and the implications. On the new -- on the potential new entrants. Look  it's considering  once again  they're going from a standing start. I would guess that and what we know certainly about ramping up for 5G ourselves  and we have insurance key agreement with Ericsson  Nokia  and Google on the core that yes  it can take it up to a year to even get started  and the supply chain for this stuff is also under pressure. We've had some delays from Ericsson because of the lack of chipsets for transmission equipment  etc. So not an easy thing to get  get off this thing off the ground from a standing start. Although  20% of the population could probably be covered with just a few 100 towers  but it's not like you'd need thousand  but lot to do for a company once again that really isn't in this business.Erik Van den EndenGetting permits is not an easy thing  right? I mean  if they were just to build new towers  of course there will be regulated taxes as well  but then the network means they're on towers. So just getting permits to build new towers in itself is also very lengthy and cumbersome process. And in terms of our own appetite for a roaming agreement  I mean TBD. We need to see what their plans are and what the strategy is  and whether it's compatible with what we're doing. I mean  I think we've pretty much positioned ourselves as an open architecture  as a company that's supportive on the right terms and conditions of an open architecture  both on fixed and mobile. And I think there are a lot of complexities for a new entrant to access the M-wings partnership because they're pretty much already locked and loaded on that. So  we would be a logical person for them to talk to about this  but we'll see when we see the whites in their eyes.Nicolas Cote ColissonOkay. Thank you. Thanks for the positions.OperatorThe next question comes from the line of Carl Murdock Smith from Berenberg. Please go ahead.Carl Murdock SmithHi. Thank you for the questions. Firstly  I just wanted to ask on the transition of revenue away from cable towards the mobile  due to the new convergence bundles. You talk through how that will annualize in Q2. I was just wondering  can you provide a bit more color in terms of the annualization. Is it a hard annualization or soft annualization? So basically did impact the entire base all at once in Q2  or is it more soft annualization as people moved on to that  so that impacts of revenue transitioning happens over time  and therefore  as we annualize the trunk we'll  slow down overtime as well.Hopefully that's clear. And then my second question is  obviously yesterday you announced the price increase we've talked about the 4.7% increase  and you've touched on the fact that you're not moving prices up in base  or on the premium entertainment products  but more in the other revenue lines of other business services  to what extent do you feel like you are able to offset the inflationary cost pressures with changing the revenue line and price increases? Thank you.John PorterMaybe I'll take the first question on the annualization. The effect of this growth in our release is  in April of 2021  there was a moment when we launched our ONE and ONE(Up) bundles and they were replacing the WIGO bundles. Now  of course  customers pay an all-in price  and so the portion of the total bundle price that is allocated to fixed versus mobile is slightly different in the ONE and ONE(Up) bundles as it was versus WIGO simply also because the proposition of those two bundles was different. So that is indeed something. So if you think about Q1  it means we did not have yet ONE and ONE(Up). It was a full WIGO basis. And so as we allocated more revenue in ONE and ONE(Up) to mobile versus WIGO  that had an adverse effect on the fixed ARPU. So that effect is going to fade out as of April  essentially.Now  of course  we did not -- people moved over time  although it was a fast transition from WIGO into ONE. So you will be seeing definitely already big shift in the next quarter  but there's going to be some residual effects in the second part of it. But that's essentially what it is. It will play out over the next eight months or nine months  but with the first month up in Q2. So you should see the bulk of it coming through  definitely  in the first part of the year. And on your other question on the other revenues and this is service to revenues and potential impact of the rate increase.The other revenues are primarily in a bucket  including hardware  interconnect  certain transactional fees like Box swaps  upgrading to our IOS platform  installation fees  etc. They are very transactional fees although we will pass through any increases in hardware cost on handsets  obviously in the transaction with our customers. We think we can recover any increases there  but it’s pretty much anything with a chip in it  it’s going up in price. We will pass through where we can  but transactionally  it won't be the 4.7% applied to it.In terms of business services  we do have a strategy in place on the back of our acquisition of Nextel  it's almost through as we go now  to increase our share of wallet on ICT services to our SME and LE customers. That is a business from which we expect a fair bit of growth. The mix of revenue within SME and LE has obviously skewed very heavily towards just connectivity. And we're now focusing much more on ICT services like SDN and cloud  and security. I mean  other business IP switches and these kind of things. So we do hope that the share of wallet will increase  and we've got a reinvigorated management team there at our TB talent business group and so that's where we expect to drive more revenue  in business services.Carl Murdock SmithThanks very much.OperatorNext question comes from the line of Laura Homsy  from MFS. Please go ahead.Laura HomsyThank you so much for taking my question. Maybe a bit premature  but  just in terms of capital structure going forward  given that you obviously planning on sort of firm separating the NetCo business  and bearing in mind that you bonds become callable at the end of this year. Is there anything that you can share in terms of plans of some capital structure going forward  whether you're going to have separate capital structures  and any plans with regards to the bonds given they become callable later this year. Thank you.Erik Van den EndenLaura. I cannot take the question. We will definitely have different capital structures for what we call the ServCo and the NetCo simply because the business and the risk profile is very different. So we do expect a relatively high level  for the leverage on the NetCo to very stable  very long-term wholesale business would is strong Tenants  anchor tenants behind it  being a doughnut cervical. So there will be a higher leverage. And at the same time  the leverage for ServCo is expected to come down. So that is a shift that we expect and that we will implement. The exact mechanics of how we do that  what the mix of financing looks like and whether bonds will be called or not. That is indeed a little bit premature  but definitely it's really important for the medical  for the value creation that sufficient depth can be put on it and also that the cost of capital is really optimized. And that is something that we definitely focus on as we set up these new ventures.Laura HomsyUnderstood. Thanks for the color. I appreciate that.John PorterYou're welcome.OperatorThe next question comes from the line of Martin Jaime Schmidt from Citi. Please go ahead.Unidentified AnalystThanks for taking my questions. Regarding the EBITDA guidance  so when you basically thought about how to guide into 2022  how much of  so that's 4.7% price increase was factored in and maybe more importantly how much of the energy costs were affected in when you issued the guidance. I think because you mentioned a 10 million  is that 10 million based on today's energy prices or on the energy prices the back when you issued the guidance? That's the first question. And the second one is on the fixed ARPU growth. And could you give us some color on what the underlying ARPU growth is for the quarter excluding the one of in last year and also excluding the fixed-to-mobile effect. Thank you very much.Erik Van den EndenMaybe first on the guidance. So obviously the world has moved a lot over the last couple of months  especially given of course the events in Ukraine. So we had certain assumptions when we meet a full-year guidance. Of course  every quarter or almost on a constant basis  we revised that guidance. And so  the fact that we reconfirm it today is really based on the latest insights  both in terms of what we'll be doing on the price increase  and we have confirmed that yesterday it's 4.7%. We're also taking into account the latest use on energy. Just also maybe to remind you that on the unity side  we have a hedging program in place  which means that around 50% of our total energy exposure is hedged  and we did that last year still at favorable rates.Of course for the remaining 50%  we are exposed and already one fourth of the year behind us. So the latest few confirms the fact that the external guidance is still viable and relevant. And then the second question I guess was on the ARPU yeah  sorry. So I mean  indeed  there is a one-off that we have in Q1 in our video revenue. More specifically  you will see if you look at the detailed reporting  that especially the PGO revenue is impact versus last year. If we would not have hit that one-off  the total revenue would have grown actually 0.7% or close to 1%. I do not have the exact evolution here on the ARPU  but it would also have meant that the ARPU on apples-to-apples basis would have slightly grown versus the Q1 of last year. I will send the exact number afterwards. Yeah. We'll do that  Martin.Unidentified AnalystThank you.OperatorThe next question comes from the line of James Ratzer from New Street Research. Please go ahead.James RatzerYes  thanks very much  and good afternoon. I had two questions  please. The first one was just regarding your change of accounting that you've talked about  where you're going to be moving to an EBITDA basis. I was wondering if you could just let us know what your four times leverage that you report now on drive for a 16 will become under the new basis and or else being equal if you could then give us an indication of what it will go to following the tower transaction and taking into account the new lease costs you'll be paying to DigitalBridge.And on the second question  just so that so just sticking on the theme of towers  so could you remind us on under Belgian rules what tower access you would have to give to any new entrants on your mobile towers. Does actually selling the asset now to DigitalBridge make it easier for a new entrant to build out a network and get tower excess space or would you have had to offer space on your towers even if you had not sold those towers to a third-party. Thank you.Rob GoyensOkay. James  Rob here. I'm happy to have a go at it and Erik has agreed to chip in. Yeah. We indicated this morning that as part of the tower transaction which we anticipate to close in the second quarter  so in June more precisely  that we intend to move to EBITDA after this reporting. We think  having spoken to a lot of stakeholders  it's probably a better reflection of how  in financial perspective at least  it should be -- have a better reflection of the impact of the tower transaction and also on the lease cost more generally. This actually means that we will -- the foremost operating leases but also capital leases  we will basically correct for them in our EBITDA results. This will also impact  of course  the leverage because today those leases are still included in that leverage profile. So today  when you look at our net total leverage  yes  leases are included in the depth numbers and they are excluded from the EBITDA.So that will also change. Our intention is to provide  between now and the moment we report our results at the end of July  re-based financials. And apologies again to come up with re-based financials  but the idea of the re-based financials is two-fold. First of all  to give you a like-for-like comparison on the impact of EBITDA to EBITDA of this reporting but secondly also to show the impact of the tower transaction  so that you have a clean comparison base for the FY '21  but also the first quarter of 2022. We are actually doing the loss checks and balances here on these numbers. And then we can share them with you  also so we can update them on our website as well.With regards to the tower transaction and so as I mentioned  we will look to close this in the second quarter  so in June. This will be an important moment of coarse for Telenet. Today  when you look at it on the group reporting  it will have a decrease in leverage of around 0.2  0.3 times. This is arguably assuming that the depths of the -- so we have to recognize the lease until the first break date  and that's communicated  this first tenure period is 15 years. If we were to move to EBITDA after this reporting  the leveraging impact is going to be closer to 0.4 times most likely.And then on the tower access to an essence there is  from our perspective  no deal change here  in the sense that the propagators of the tower companies has been actually judged by the BIPD as part of this tower disposal process  the need to provide access to So that can be existing MNOs  but it can also be other the Open Acres. So biscuit data is a medical excite chatting taking place. So on existing filings  but also new built filings  you basically need to open it up for your competitors. And that goes against regulators prices  which upset to buy the risks and the HYSYS actually in association of the mobile operators. There is like a [Indiscernible] for the [Indiscernible] ensure that the prices are having checks and balances. And as you know  those prices are regulated in Belgium. So that such having mechanism is not changing because the obligation to offer them access was previously only with MVNOs  but as part of the tower transaction it will now also be with tower companies. So I guess then there is no change from a regulatory perspective.James RatzerThat's clear  thanks Rob.John PorterAll right  you're welcome.OperatorWe have now reached the end of the questions  so that completes today's events. Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.68,0.17,0.15,True,English,"['Telenet Group Holding NV', 'CEO John Porter', 'Earnings Call Transcript', 'Q1 2022 Results', 'TLGHF', 'Mr. Dirk Van den Berghe', 'Erik Van den Enden', 'Telenet Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call', 'Telenet Group Holding NV', 'First Quarter earnings webcast', 'Mr. Bert De Graeve', 'New Street Research Operator', 'Mr. Dirk Funderburg', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Exane BNP Paribas', 'Nicolas Cote Colisson', 'Carl Murdock Smith', 'MFS Investment Management', 'Safe Harbor disclaimer', 'Ms. Lieve Creten', 'Ms. Madalina Suceveanu', 'Ms. Amy Blair', 'Ms. Sabrina Pascu', 'five different cultures', 'data platform management', 'audit remuneration committee', 'maximum permitted age', 'corporate governance charter', 'passive infrastructure assets', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Vice President Treasury', 'similar four-year period', 'Mr. John Gilbert', 'Investor Relations website', 'Investor Relations team', 'new non-executive director', 'four new directors', 'new independent directors', 'three independent directors', 'Conference Call Participants', 'host Rob Goyens', 'new Telenet Board', 'earnings materials', 'Mr. Diovan', 'earnings presentation', 'VP Treasury', 'Investors Relations', 'financial results', 'four-year term', 'four women', 'new board', 'independent observer', 'Operator instructions', 'fmc operator', 'Managing Director', 'director mandates', 'John Porter', 'Joshua Mills', 'Benjamin Lyons', 'Credit Suisse', 'Roshan Ranjit', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Ruben Devos', 'KBC Securities', 'HSBC Bank', 'Laura Humvee', 'James Ratzer', 'results section', 'main trends', 'Q&A', 'equal treatment', 'More information', 'good afternoon', 'same time', 'wide breadth', 'Andre Sorence', 'wide range', 'digital transformation', 'great leadership', 'bold expansion', 'one-year term', 'key contributor', 'six years', 'season advice', 'strategic review', 'binding agreement', 'digital bridge', 'full sale', 'cash-free basis', 'leases basis', 'net proceeds', 'leverage profile', 'tower business', 'two questions', 'follow-up questions', 'media sector', 'Company Participants', 'nine members', 'Christiana Frank', 'transaction values', 'revamp board', 'media business', 'looking statements', 'telecom experience', '11 members', 'OTCPK', 'TLGHF', 'April', 'Berenberg', 'name', 'coordinator', 'today', 'events', 'duration', 'lines', 'opportunity', 'everyone', 'replay', 'transcript', 'overview', 'achievements', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'operational', 'number', 'order', 'talent', 'forward', 'beginning', 'morning', 'AGM', 'appointment', 'growth', 'background', 'addition', 'expertise', 'technology', 'finance', 'Chairman', 'vision', 'SLT', 'fledged', 'variety', 'topics', 'engagement', 'October', 'debt', 'multiple', '25 times', 'EBITDA', 'outcome', 'transactions', 'reminder']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,seekingalpha.com
3857,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.uppermichiganssource.com/prnewswire/2022/04/28/sdrl-seadrill-limited-commences-trading-euronext-expand/,SDRL: Seadrill Limited commences trading on Euronext Expand,,"HAMILTON  Bermuda  April 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Seadrill Limited (""Seadrill"" or ""the Company"") (OSE ticker: SDRL) announces that it has commenced trading today of Seadrill's common shares on Euronext Expand.Simon Johnson  Seadrill's Chief Executive Officer  commented  ""Seadrill's proven record of delivering safe and efficient operations to our customers globally is fundamental to our value proposition. We have the youngest  most technologically-advanced fleet in the industry operated by highly experienced crews. Our clean balance sheet  industry-leading backlog  and strategic partnerships across markets position Seadrill to create unique value in an offshore drilling industry undergoing transformation. I extend my gratitude to Seadrill's employees  customers  shareholders  and suppliers for their combined contributions in achieving this listing milestone.""To view the OSE opening bell with Øivind Amundsen  CEO Oslo Børs  and a message from Simon Johnson  CEO Seadrill  marking the event of Seadrill's listing  visit www.euronext.com.Seadrill is expected to uplist to the main market of the Oslo Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange later this year.About SeadrillSeadrill is a leading offshore drilling contractor utilizing advanced technology to unlock oil and gas resources for clients across harsh and benign locations around the globe. Seadrill's high-quality  technologically-advanced fleet spans all asset classes allowing its experienced crews to conduct operations from shallow to ultra-deep-water environments. The Company owns and/or operates 30 rigs  which includes drillships  semi-submersibles  and jack-ups.FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis news release includes forward-looking statements. Such statements are generally not historical in nature  and specifically include statements about the Company's plans  strategies  business prospects  changes and trends in its business and the markets in which it operates. These statements are made based upon management's current plans  expectations  assumptions and beliefs concerning future events impacting the Company and therefore involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this news release. Consequently  no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. When considering these forward-looking statements  you should keep in mind the risks described from time to time in the Company's regulatory filings and periodical reporting. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time  and it is not possible for the Company to predict all of these factors. Further  the Company cannot assess the impact of each such factor on its business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to be materially different from those contained in any forward looking statement.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comMedia questions should be directed to:Sara DunneDirector of Communicationscommunications@seadrill.com+ 1 281 630 7064Analyst questions should be directed to:Hawthorn Advisorsseadrill@hawthornadvisors.com+44 (0) 203 7454960View original content:SOURCE Seadrill Limited",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.14,0.27,0.59,True,English,"['Seadrill Limited', 'SDRL', 'trading', 'Euronext', 'leading offshore drilling contractor', 'CEO Oslo Børs', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'clean balance sheet', 'offshore drilling industry', 'OSE opening bell', 'high-quality, technologically-advanced fleet', 'forward looking statements', 'SOURCE Seadrill Limited', 'OSE ticker', 'New factors', 'CEO Seadrill', 'common shares', 'Simon Johnson', 'proven record', 'value proposition', 'experienced crews', 'industry-leading backlog', 'strategic partnerships', 'unique value', 'Øivind Amundsen', 'main market', 'advanced technology', 'gas resources', 'benign locations', 'asset classes', 'ultra-deep-water environments', 'actual results', 'regulatory filings', 'periodical reporting', 'disclosure requirements', 'Media questions', 'Sara Dunne', 'Analyst questions', 'Hawthorn Advisors', 'original content', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Such statements', 'news release', 'future events', 'unanticipated events', 'Euronext Expand', 'efficient operations', 'listing milestone', 'current plans', 'business prospects', 'The Company', 'HAMILTON', 'Bermuda', 'April', 'SDRL', 'safe', 'customers', 'markets', 'transformation', 'gratitude', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'suppliers', 'contributions', 'message', 'oil', 'clients', 'harsh', 'globe', 'shallow', '30 rigs', 'drillships', 'semi-submersibles', 'jack-ups', 'historical', 'nature', 'strategies', 'changes', 'trends', 'management', 'expectations', 'assumptions', 'beliefs', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'date', 'mind', 'time', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'impact', 'extent', 'combination', 'information', 'section', 'Cision', 'Director', 'Communications', 'hawthornadvisors']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,uppermichiganssource.com
3859,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.agricensus.com/Article/Euronext-milling-wheat-futures-surge-on-bullish-sentiment-21894.html,Euronext milling wheat futures surge on bullish sentiment,1 day ago,To read this article and see the full service  register now for a 14 day trialEnjoy access to live news  prices assessments  forecasts and much moreRegister now for your 14 day free trial which gives you:Live news : full coverage of the wheat  corn  soy and barley markets: full coverage of the wheat  corn  soy and barley markets Price assessments : daily spot and forward prices: daily spot and forward prices Tender dashboard : see who has won each tender and at what price: see who has won each tender and at what price Export trade dashboard : track all the latest data: track all the latest data Crop forecast table : all the key analysts and organisations: all the key analysts and organisations News archive: fully searchable  full historySign up today and someone in our team will be in touch with you shortly,neutral,0.03,0.82,0.15,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext milling wheat futures', 'bullish sentiment', 'latest data Crop forecast table', 'price Export trade dashboard', '14 day free trial', 'organisations News archive', '14 day trial', 'live news', 'Price assessments', 'Tender dashboard', 'full service', 'prices assessments', 'full coverage', 'barley markets', 'daily spot', 'forward prices', 'key analysts', 'full history', 'article', 'access', 'forecasts', 'wheat', 'corn', 'soy', 'searchable', 'someone', 'team', 'touch']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,agricensus.com
3860,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sdrl-seadrill-limited-commences-trading-on-euronext-expand-301535059.html,SDRL: Seadrill Limited commences trading on Euronext Expand,1 day ago,"HAMILTON  Bermuda  April 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Seadrill Limited (""Seadrill"" or ""the Company"") (OSE ticker: SDRL) announces that it has commenced trading today of Seadrill's common shares on Euronext Expand.Simon Johnson  Seadrill's Chief Executive Officer  commented  ""Seadrill's proven record of delivering safe and efficient operations to our customers globally is fundamental to our value proposition. We have the youngest  most technologically-advanced fleet in the industry operated by highly experienced crews. Our clean balance sheet  industry-leading backlog  and strategic partnerships across markets position Seadrill to create unique value in an offshore drilling industry undergoing transformation. I extend my gratitude to Seadrill's employees  customers  shareholders  and suppliers for their combined contributions in achieving this listing milestone.""To view the OSE opening bell with Øivind Amundsen  CEO Oslo Børs  and a message from Simon Johnson  CEO Seadrill  marking the event of Seadrill's listing  visit www.euronext.com.Seadrill is expected to uplist to the main market of the Oslo Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange later this year.About SeadrillSeadrill is a leading offshore drilling contractor utilizing advanced technology to unlock oil and gas resources for clients across harsh and benign locations around the globe. Seadrill's high-quality  technologically-advanced fleet spans all asset classes allowing its experienced crews to conduct operations from shallow to ultra-deep-water environments. The Company owns and/or operates 30 rigs  which includes drillships  semi-submersibles  and jack-ups.FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis news release includes forward-looking statements. Such statements are generally not historical in nature  and specifically include statements about the Company's plans  strategies  business prospects  changes and trends in its business and the markets in which it operates. These statements are made based upon management's current plans  expectations  assumptions and beliefs concerning future events impacting the Company and therefore involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this news release. Consequently  no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. When considering these forward-looking statements  you should keep in mind the risks described from time to time in the Company's regulatory filings and periodical reporting. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time  and it is not possible for the Company to predict all of these factors. Further  the Company cannot assess the impact of each such factor on its business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to be materially different from those contained in any forward looking statement.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comMedia questions should be directed to:Sara DunneDirector of Communications[email protected]+ 1 281 630 7064Analyst questions should be directed to:Hawthorn Advisors[email protected]+44 (0) 203 7454960SOURCE Seadrill Limited",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.14,0.27,0.59,True,English,"['Seadrill Limited', 'SDRL', 'trading', 'Euronext', 'leading offshore drilling contractor', 'CEO Oslo Børs', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'clean balance sheet', 'offshore drilling industry', 'OSE opening bell', 'high-quality, technologically-advanced fleet', 'forward looking statements', 'SOURCE Seadrill Limited', 'OSE ticker', 'New factors', 'CEO Seadrill', 'common shares', 'Simon Johnson', 'proven record', 'value proposition', 'experienced crews', 'industry-leading backlog', 'strategic partnerships', 'unique value', 'Øivind Amundsen', 'main market', 'advanced technology', 'gas resources', 'benign locations', 'asset classes', 'ultra-deep-water environments', 'actual results', 'regulatory filings', 'periodical reporting', 'disclosure requirements', 'Media questions', 'Sara Dunne', 'Analyst questions', 'Hawthorn Advisors', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Such statements', 'news release', 'future events', 'unanticipated events', 'Euronext Expand', 'efficient operations', 'listing milestone', 'current plans', 'business prospects', 'The Company', 'HAMILTON', 'Bermuda', 'April', 'SDRL', 'safe', 'customers', 'markets', 'transformation', 'gratitude', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'suppliers', 'contributions', 'message', 'oil', 'clients', 'harsh', 'globe', 'shallow', '30 rigs', 'drillships', 'semi-submersibles', 'jack-ups', 'historical', 'nature', 'strategies', 'changes', 'trends', 'management', 'expectations', 'assumptions', 'beliefs', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'date', 'mind', 'time', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'impact', 'extent', 'combination', 'information', 'section', 'Cision', 'Director', 'Communications']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,prnewswire.com
3882,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/us-dollar-dominance-unsustainable-international-financial-reform-by-andrew-sheng-and-xiao-geng-2022-04,The International Monetary System Is More Unfit than Ever by Andrew Sheng & Xiao Geng,After World War II  the world was promised a neutral international monetary system secured by a stable reserve currency issued by a global hegemon. But  with the US dollar being weaponized through sanctions against Russia and others  it is clear that the curr…,After World War II  the world was promised a neutral international monetary system secured by a stable reserve currency issued by a global hegemon. But  with the US dollar being weaponized through sanctions against Russia and others  it is clear that the current system is far from neutral – or sustainable.HONG KONG – After the 2008 global financial crisis  the world seemed ready to undertake meaningful reform of the international monetary system. But the promised structural changes never happened. And the recent spring meetings of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank indicated that the current bout of global economic upheaval will similarly fail to spur transformation.When the 2008 crisis rocked the global financial system  policymakers took radical action to stabilize it. Beyond government bailouts of distressed banks in the United States  the epicenter of the crisis  liquidity was expanded substantially through large-scale quantitative easing and foreign-currency swaps by central banks. The international monetary system’s legitimacy was bolstered by the expansion of decision-making from the G7 to the G20.The obvious next step was regulatory reform  aimed at preventing future crises. To this end  more power was delegated to the Financial Stability Board  an international body focused on identifying and promoting strong regulatory  supervisory  and other financial-sector policies. The FSB pushed  for example  for higher capital and liquidity requirements for banks and limits on total leverage ratios.But critical reforms – such as the FSB’s attempts to expand oversight to cover non-bank financial intermediaries – were thwarted by pushback from the financial community. Similarly  in the US  the tougher regulatory regime put in place after the crisis was subsequently weakened.Meanwhile  the massive monetary expansion that had propped up the global economy generated new risks  with prolonged ultra-low interest rates encouraging short-term speculation and fueling asset bubbles  without increasing long-term productivity. According to the McKinsey Global Institute  total assets tripled from 2000 to 2020  with the value of global financial assets and liabilities now twice as large as that of real assets. At the same time  the financial sector and ownership of wealth became far more concentrated.Now  a new set of shocks – from the pandemic  rising inflation and interest rates  and the war in Ukraine – are threatening to generate further upheaval. According to the Intergovernmental Group of Twenty-Four on International Monetary Affairs and Development  the most pressing challenges include debt distress among emerging-market and developing economies (EMDEs)  vaccine equity  the surge in inflation  and growing risks to financial stability.PS Events: Finance 3.0 PS Events: Finance 3.0 At Finance 3.0  our latest virtual event  Jeremy Allaire  Hester Peirce  Carmen Reinhart  Raghuram Rajan  and more considered how to maximize the benefits and mitigate the risks of cryptocurrencies  digital payments  and decentralized finance. Watch NowEfforts to address such urgent challenges are largely piecemeal. For example  last August  the IMF approved a general allocation of special drawing rights (SDRs  the Fund’s reserve asset) equivalent to $650 billion. This expanded the IMF’s resources substantially  but the demands for funding have increased exponentially. As Managing Director Kristalina Georgieva admitted at the recent meetings  60% of countries  including at least 20 in Sub-Saharan Africa  have debt burdens exceeding 50% of GDP and are facing or near debt distress.With the war in Ukraine generating severe increases in energy and food prices  which are hitting EMDEs particularly hard  the situation is set to deteriorate further. Already  Argentina  Egypt  Lebanon  and Sri Lanka are in urgent aid talks with the IMF. As for Ukraine  the IMF has provided $1.4 billion in emergency funding  but the country needs at least $5 billion per month to maintain a functioning economy  and that does not even begin to cover post-war reconstruction.More fundamentally  “urgent” and “important” are not the same thing. And there are some crucial structural-reform questions that the IMF and its most powerful stakeholders have not even begun to answer. Perhaps the most fundamental is whether the current US dollar-based system designed at the end of World War II can continue to provide global public goods.That system has certainly worked well to foster globalization  trade  financialization  and overall growth during the largely peaceful post-WWII period  including the tense Cold War era. But it was not designed to deal with the complex challenges posed by climate change  pandemics  rapid technological innovation  rising inequality  long-term demographic change  and escalating geopolitical conflict. It certainly was not intended to operate within a multipolar world order.The world was promised a neutral international monetary system secured by a stable reserve currency issued by a global hegemon. But  with the US dollar being weaponized through sanctions  it has become all too clear that the current system is far from neutral.Moreover  the US is no longer the global hegemon. The world order now seems destined to split into two blocs  each with their own security structures  supply chains  technologies  and financial systems. In any case  as Bernard Snoy et d’Oppuers points out in a forthcoming book  when any national currency functions as a global currency  at least six types of instability ensue: environmental  economic  social  financial  political  and ideological.Building a more stable international monetary system demands a shift to a truly global currency. The SDR is the most obvious candidate  backed by the Palais-Royal Initiative in 2011. But the US  which holds the most sway at the IMF  would not agree to turn the Fund into a quasi-central bank with the power to issue a supernational currency that would erode America’s “exorbitant privilege.”Even if no national currency is likely to replace the dollar any time soon  there are two other avenues for reducing the dollar’s dominance as a means of payment and store of value: digital currencies and the creation and expansion of non-dollar-based payment systems (replacing Fedwire  SWIFT  Euroclear  and the like).The international monetary system is unsustainable. We can either reform it now or wait for a catastrophic crisis – an EMDE debt crisis on the scale of the Latin American and Asian financial crises in the 1980s and 1990s  a global bout of depression like that seen in the 1930s  or war among major powers – to force our hand.,negative,0.01,0.04,0.95,mixed,0.06,0.13,0.81,True,English,"['The International Monetary System', 'Andrew Sheng', 'Xiao Geng', 'tense Cold War era', 'neutral international monetary system', 'current US dollar-based system', 'International Monetary Affairs', 'large-scale quantitative easing', 'obvious next step', 'other financial-sector policies', 'latest virtual event', 'special drawing rights', 'crucial structural-reform questions', 'peaceful post-WWII period', 'rapid technological innovation', 'escalating geopolitical conflict', 'stable reserve currency', 'strong regulatory, supervisory', 'tougher regulatory regime', 'McKinsey Global Institute', 'global public goods', 'non-bank financial intermediaries', 'total leverage ratios', 'urgent aid talks', 'International Monetary Fund', 'global financial system', 'massive monetary expansion', 'Financial Stability Board', 'recent spring meetings', 'ultra-low interest rates', 'long-term demographic change', 'multipolar world order', 'global economic upheaval', 'global financial assets', 'World War II', '2008 global financial crisis', 'current system', 'international body', 'recent meetings', 'total assets', 'global hegemon', 'current bout', 'regulatory reform', 'global economy', 'reserve asset', 'financial community', 'financial sector', 'long-term productivity', 'urgent challenges', 'climate change', 'real assets', 'HONG KONG', 'meaningful reform', 'structural changes', 'World Bank', 'radical action', 'government bailouts', 'United States', 'foreign-currency swaps', 'future crises', 'higher capital', 'critical reforms', 'short-term speculation', 'asset bubbles', 'same time', 'new set', 'Intergovernmental Group', 'pressing challenges', 'debt distress', 'developing economies', 'vaccine equity', 'PS Events', 'Jeremy Allaire', 'Hester Peirce', 'Carmen Reinhart', 'Raghuram Rajan', 'digital payments', 'general allocation', 'Managing Director', 'Kristalina Georgieva', 'Sub-Saharan Africa', 'debt burdens', 'severe increases', 'food prices', 'Sri Lanka', 'functioning economy', 'post-war reconstruction', 'same thing', 'powerful stakeholders', 'overall growth', 'complex challenges', 'rising inequality', 'distressed banks', 'central banks', 'new risks', 'growing risks', 'The FSB', 'liquidity requirements', 'rising inflation', 'emergency funding', 'decentralized finance', '2008 crisis', 'sanctions', 'Russia', 'others', 'transformation', 'policymakers', 'epicenter', 'legitimacy', 'decision-making', 'G7', 'G20', 'end', 'example', 'limits', 'attempts', 'oversight', 'pushback', 'place', 'prolonged', 'value', 'liabilities', 'ownership', 'wealth', 'shocks', 'pandemic', 'Ukraine', 'Twenty', 'Development', 'emerging-market', 'EMDEs', 'surge', 'benefits', 'cryptocurrencies', 'Efforts', 'IMF', 'SDRs', 'resources', 'demands', 'countries', 'GDP', 'energy', 'situation', 'Argentina', 'Egypt', 'Lebanon', 'country', 'month', 'globalization', 'trade', 'financialization']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,project-syndicate.org
3883,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/annual-general-meeting-hexagon-ab-160900936.html,Annual General Meeting in Hexagon AB,At the Annual General Meeting in Hexagon AB (publ) today  the following was resolved.Election of Board of Directors and auditorThe AGM re-elected the...,"NACKA STRAND  Sweden  April 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- At the Annual General Meeting in Hexagon AB (publ) today  the following was resolved.Election of Board of Directors and auditorThe AGM re-elected the Directors Ola Rollén  Gun Nilsson  Ulrika Francke  John Brandon  Henrik Henriksson  Sofia Schörling Högberg  Märta Schörling Andreen  Patrick Söderlund  Brett Watson and Erik Huggers as ordinary board members. Gun Nilsson was re-elected Chairman of the Board.Remuneration to the Directors shall be allocated with SEK 2 000 000 to the Chairman and SEK 670 000 to each of the other Directors elected by the AGM and not employed by the company. The Chairman of the Remuneration Committee shall receive SEK 85 000 and a member thereof SEK 60 000  and the Chairman of the Audit Committee SEK 275 000 and a member thereof SEK 225 000.The AGM re-elected the accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB  for a period of one year  i.e. until the end of the AGM 2023  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  whereby the accounting firm has informed that the authorised public accountant Bo Karlsson will be appointed as auditor in charge. The auditor shall be remunerated according to agreement.Allocation of the company's profitIn accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  the AGM resolved to declare a dividend of EUR 0.11 per share. Record day for the dividend was determined to 3 May 2022. Dividend settlements will be handled by Euroclear Sweden AB and the estimated settlement day is 10 May 2022.Nomination  Remuneration and Audit CommitteesThe AGM re-elected Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  Jan Dworsky (Swedbank Robur fonder) and Anders Oscarsson (AMF and AMF Fonder) and elected Liselott Ledin (Alecta) as members of the Nomination Committee in respect of the AGM 2023. Mikael Ekdahl was appointed Chairman of the Nomination Committee.At the Statutory Board Meeting following the AGM  Gun Nilsson and Sofia Schörling Högberg were elected as members of the Remuneration Committee for the time period until the next Statutory Meeting. For the same term  Ulrika Francke  Gun Nilsson and Sofia Schörling Högberg were elected members of the Audit Committee.Remuneration reportThe AGM resolved to approve the Board's report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act for the financial year 2021.Performance based long term incentive programme (Share Programme 2022/2025)The AGM resolved  in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  to implement a performance based long term share programme for 2022 (""Share Programme 2022/2025"") for the group management  division managers  senior executives and key employees within the Hexagon Group. Share Programme 2022/2025 includes a maximum of approximately 2 000 senior executives and key employees within the Hexagon Group.Participants are offered to be allocated performance awards free of charge that may entitle to Series B shares in the company provided that the performance condition related to the development of Hexagon's earnings per share compared to the target level set by the Board of Directors during the measurement period 1 January 2022 until 31 December 2025 are fulfilled  where the last financial year during the measurement period is compared with the financial year preceding the measurement period  with reservation for any reduction in the number of shares in accordance with the terms of Share Programme 2022/2025. The Board of Directors intends to present the fulfilment of the performance-based condition in the annual report for the financial year 2025.The Share Programme 2022/2025 is estimated to comprise maximum 4 260 000 Series B shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 0.2 per cent of the total number of outstanding shares in the company. To ensure the delivery of Series B shares under Share Programme 2022/2025  the company intends to enter into an agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  under which the third party shall  in its own name  acquire and transfer Series B shares in the company to the participants in accordance with Share Programme 2022/2025. Provided that the performance condition is fully met  the total costs for Share Programme 2022/2025 is estimated to a maximum of approximately EUR 60 million  allocated over the vesting period.Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisitions and transfers of own sharesThe AGM resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to  on one or more occasions for the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on acquisition and transfer of Series B shares in the company. Acquisition of shares may be made at a maximum of so many Series B shares that the company's holding does not exceed ten per cent of all shares in the company at that time. Acquisitions of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price within the share price interval registered at that time. Transfer of shares may be made at a maximum of ten per cent of the total number of shares in the company. A transfer may be made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights on Nasdaq Stockholm as well as to third parties in connection with acquisition of a company or a business. Compensation for transferred shares can be paid in cash  through an issue in kind or a set-off. Transfers of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price within the share price interval registered at that time. Transfer in connection with acquisitions may be made at a market value assessed by the Board of Directors. The purpose of the authorizations is to give the Board of Directors the opportunity to adjust the company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value  to enable acquisition opportunities by financing acquisitions with the company's own shares  and to ensure the company's undertakings  due to share-related or share-based incentive programs (other than delivery of shares to participants in incentive programs)  including social security costs.Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on issues of shares  convertibles and/or warrantsThe AGM resolved to authorize the Board of Directors during the period up until the next AGM to  on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  and with or without provisions for contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions  resolve to issue Series B shares  convertibles and/or warrants (with rights to subscribe for or convert into Series B shares). By resolutions in accordance with the authorization  the number of shares may be increased by a number corresponding to a maximum of ten percent of the number of outstanding shares in the company at the time when the Board of Directors first uses the authorization. The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for a potential deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights as set out above  is to ensure financing of acquisitions of companies  part of companies or businesses or to strengthen the company's capital base and equity/assets ratio. Such issues may not require amendment of the Articles of Association applicable from time to time. In case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  issues by virtue of the authorisation shall be made on market conditions. In accordance with the conditions set out above  the Board of Directors shall also be authorized to resolve on other terms as considered necessary by the Board of Directors to carry out the issues.Due to the risk of the spread of Covid-19  the AGM was carried out solely through advance voting (so-called postal voting) pursuant to temporary legislation.Minutes with complete resolutions from the AGM will be made available on the company's website www.hexagon.com no later than 13 May 2022.For further information  please contact:Maria Luthström  Head of Sustainability and Investor Relations  Hexagon AB  +46 8 601 26 27  ir@hexagon.comThe information was submitted for publication at 18.00 CET on 29 April 2022.Story continuesThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/hexagon/r/annual-general-meeting-in-hexagon-ab c3556927The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/387/3556927/1571941.pdf Press ReleaseCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/annual-general-meeting-in-hexagon-ab-301536443.htmlSOURCE Hexagon",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.05,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Hexagon AB', 'authorised public accountant Bo Karlsson', 'Sofia Schörling Högberg', 'Märta Schörling Andreen', 'performance based long term share programme', 'Melker Schörling AB', 'long term incentive programme', 'Directors Ola Rollén', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'many Series B shares', 'maximum 4,260,000 Series B shares', 'next Statutory Meeting', 'Patrick Söderlund', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Swedbank Robur fonder', 'ten per cent', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Statutory Board Meeting', 'last financial year', 'share price interval', 'The Share Programme', 'same term', 'ordinary board members', '0.2 per cent', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers AB', 'annual report', 'performance awards', 'performance condition', 'Hexagon AB', 'outstanding shares', 'NACKA STRAND', 'Gun Nilsson', 'Ulrika Francke', 'John Brandon', 'Henrik Henriksson', 'Brett Watson', 'Erik Huggers', 'Audit Committee', 'accounting firm', 'Record day', 'settlement day', 'Mikael Ekdahl', 'Jan Dworsky', 'Anders Oscarsson', 'AMF Fonder', 'Liselott Ledin', 'group management', 'division managers', 'senior executives', 'key employees', 'target level', 'performance-based condition', 'third party', 'market practice', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Hexagon Group', 'total costs', 'measurement period', 'vesting period', 'one year', 'Nomination Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', 'The Board', 'total number', 'other Directors', 'The AGM', 'Dividend settlements', 'Remuneration report', 'time period', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Election', 'auditor', 'Chairman', 'SEK', 'company', 'accordance', 'recommendation', 'charge', 'agreement', 'Allocation', 'profit', 'proposal', '3 May', '10 May', 'Alecta', 'respect', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'Participants', 'development', 'earnings', 'January', '31 December', 'reservation', 'reduction', 'terms', 'fulfilment', 'delivery', 'name', 'Authorization', 'acquisitions', 'transfers', 'occasions', 'holding', '2022']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3884,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/annual-general-meeting-in-hexagon-ab-301536443.html,Annual General Meeting in Hexagon AB,NACKA STRAND  Sweden  April 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- At the Annual General Meeting in Hexagon AB (publ) today  the following was resolved. Election of Board of Directors and auditor The AGM re-elected the Directors Ola Rollén  Gun Nilsson  Ulrika Francke  Joh…,"NACKA STRAND  Sweden  April 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- At the Annual General Meeting in Hexagon AB (publ) today  the following was resolved.Election of Board of Directors and auditorThe AGM re-elected the Directors Ola Rollén  Gun Nilsson  Ulrika Francke  John Brandon  Henrik Henriksson  Sofia Schörling Högberg  Märta Schörling Andreen  Patrick Söderlund  Brett Watson and Erik Huggers as ordinary board members. Gun Nilsson was re-elected Chairman of the Board.Remuneration to the Directors shall be allocated with SEK 2 000 000 to the Chairman and SEK 670 000 to each of the other Directors elected by the AGM and not employed by the company. The Chairman of the Remuneration Committee shall receive SEK 85 000 and a member thereof SEK 60 000  and the Chairman of the Audit Committee SEK 275 000 and a member thereof SEK 225 000.The AGM re-elected the accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB  for a period of one year  i.e. until the end of the AGM 2023  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  whereby the accounting firm has informed that the authorised public accountant Bo Karlsson will be appointed as auditor in charge. The auditor shall be remunerated according to agreement.Allocation of the company's profitIn accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  the AGM resolved to declare a dividend of EUR 0.11 per share. Record day for the dividend was determined to 3 May 2022. Dividend settlements will be handled by Euroclear Sweden AB and the estimated settlement day is 10 May 2022.Nomination  Remuneration and Audit CommitteesThe AGM re-elected Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  Jan Dworsky (Swedbank Robur fonder) and Anders Oscarsson (AMF and AMF Fonder) and elected Liselott Ledin (Alecta) as members of the Nomination Committee in respect of the AGM 2023. Mikael Ekdahl was appointed Chairman of the Nomination Committee.At the Statutory Board Meeting following the AGM  Gun Nilsson and Sofia Schörling Högberg were elected as members of the Remuneration Committee for the time period until the next Statutory Meeting. For the same term  Ulrika Francke  Gun Nilsson and Sofia Schörling Högberg were elected members of the Audit Committee.Remuneration reportThe AGM resolved to approve the Board's report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act for the financial year 2021.Performance based long term incentive programme (Share Programme 2022/2025)The AGM resolved  in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  to implement a performance based long term share programme for 2022 (""Share Programme 2022/2025"") for the group management  division managers  senior executives and key employees within the Hexagon Group. Share Programme 2022/2025 includes a maximum of approximately 2 000 senior executives and key employees within the Hexagon Group.Participants are offered to be allocated performance awards free of charge that may entitle to Series B shares in the company provided that the performance condition related to the development of Hexagon's earnings per share compared to the target level set by the Board of Directors during the measurement period 1 January 2022 until 31 December 2025 are fulfilled  where the last financial year during the measurement period is compared with the financial year preceding the measurement period  with reservation for any reduction in the number of shares in accordance with the terms of Share Programme 2022/2025. The Board of Directors intends to present the fulfilment of the performance-based condition in the annual report for the financial year 2025.The Share Programme 2022/2025 is estimated to comprise maximum 4 260 000 Series B shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 0.2 per cent of the total number of outstanding shares in the company. To ensure the delivery of Series B shares under Share Programme 2022/2025  the company intends to enter into an agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  under which the third party shall  in its own name  acquire and transfer Series B shares in the company to the participants in accordance with Share Programme 2022/2025. Provided that the performance condition is fully met  the total costs for Share Programme 2022/2025 is estimated to a maximum of approximately EUR 60 million  allocated over the vesting period.Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisitions and transfers of own sharesThe AGM resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to  on one or more occasions for the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on acquisition and transfer of Series B shares in the company. Acquisition of shares may be made at a maximum of so many Series B shares that the company's holding does not exceed ten per cent of all shares in the company at that time. Acquisitions of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price within the share price interval registered at that time. Transfer of shares may be made at a maximum of ten per cent of the total number of shares in the company. A transfer may be made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights on Nasdaq Stockholm as well as to third parties in connection with acquisition of a company or a business. Compensation for transferred shares can be paid in cash  through an issue in kind or a set-off. Transfers of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price within the share price interval registered at that time. Transfer in connection with acquisitions may be made at a market value assessed by the Board of Directors. The purpose of the authorizations is to give the Board of Directors the opportunity to adjust the company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value  to enable acquisition opportunities by financing acquisitions with the company's own shares  and to ensure the company's undertakings  due to share-related or share-based incentive programs (other than delivery of shares to participants in incentive programs)  including social security costs.Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on issues of shares  convertibles and/or warrantsThe AGM resolved to authorize the Board of Directors during the period up until the next AGM to  on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  and with or without provisions for contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions  resolve to issue Series B shares  convertibles and/or warrants (with rights to subscribe for or convert into Series B shares). By resolutions in accordance with the authorization  the number of shares may be increased by a number corresponding to a maximum of ten percent of the number of outstanding shares in the company at the time when the Board of Directors first uses the authorization. The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for a potential deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights as set out above  is to ensure financing of acquisitions of companies  part of companies or businesses or to strengthen the company's capital base and equity/assets ratio. Such issues may not require amendment of the Articles of Association applicable from time to time. In case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  issues by virtue of the authorisation shall be made on market conditions. In accordance with the conditions set out above  the Board of Directors shall also be authorized to resolve on other terms as considered necessary by the Board of Directors to carry out the issues.Due to the risk of the spread of Covid-19  the AGM was carried out solely through advance voting (so-called postal voting) pursuant to temporary legislation.Minutes with complete resolutions from the AGM will be made available on the company's website www.hexagon.com no later than 13 May 2022.For further information  please contact:Maria Luthström  Head of Sustainability and Investor Relations  Hexagon AB  +46 8 601 26 27  [email protected]The information was submitted for publication at 18.00 CET on 29 April 2022.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/hexagon/r/annual-general-meeting-in-hexagon-ab c3556927The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/387/3556927/1571941.pdf Press ReleaseSOURCE Hexagon",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.05,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Hexagon AB', 'authorised public accountant Bo Karlsson', 'Sofia Schörling Högberg', 'Märta Schörling Andreen', 'performance based long term share programme', 'Melker Schörling AB', 'long term incentive programme', 'Directors Ola Rollén', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'many Series B shares', 'maximum 4,260,000 Series B shares', 'next Statutory Meeting', 'Patrick Söderlund', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Swedbank Robur fonder', 'ten per cent', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Statutory Board Meeting', 'last financial year', 'share price interval', 'The Share Programme', 'same term', 'ordinary board members', '0.2 per cent', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers AB', 'annual report', 'performance awards', 'performance condition', 'Hexagon AB', 'outstanding shares', 'NACKA STRAND', 'Gun Nilsson', 'Ulrika Francke', 'John Brandon', 'Henrik Henriksson', 'Brett Watson', 'Erik Huggers', 'Audit Committee', 'accounting firm', 'Record day', 'settlement day', 'Mikael Ekdahl', 'Jan Dworsky', 'Anders Oscarsson', 'AMF Fonder', 'Liselott Ledin', 'group management', 'division managers', 'senior executives', 'key employees', 'target level', 'performance-based condition', 'third party', 'market practice', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Hexagon Group', 'total costs', 'measurement period', 'vesting period', 'one year', 'Nomination Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', 'The Board', 'total number', 'other Directors', 'The AGM', 'Dividend settlements', 'Remuneration report', 'time period', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Election', 'auditor', 'Chairman', 'SEK', 'company', 'accordance', 'recommendation', 'charge', 'agreement', 'Allocation', 'profit', 'proposal', '3 May', '10 May', 'Alecta', 'respect', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'Participants', 'development', 'earnings', 'January', '31 December', 'reservation', 'reduction', 'terms', 'fulfilment', 'delivery', 'name', 'Authorization', 'acquisitions', 'transfers', 'occasions', 'holding', '2022']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,prnewswire.com
3885,Euroclear,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-zinzino-104900875.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting of Zinzino AB on May 31  2022,10 hours ago,"STOCKHOLM  April 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Zinzino AB (publ) are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday  May 31  2022 at 13.30 in the company's premises at Hulda Mellgrens gata 5 in Gothenburg. Registration begins at 13.15.It is the company's ambition to broadcast the meeting on the web to be able to attend the meeting at a distance.RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall be entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Monday  May 20  2022  and no later than Monday  May 30  2022  announced its intention to participate in the Annual General Meeting in accordance with the regulations below.Shareholders who have had their shares registered with a nominee must  in order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  temporarily has the shares registered in its own name in that of Euroclear Sweden AB kept the share register. Such registration  which normally takes a few days  must be completed no later than Tuesday  May 24  2022. The trustee should therefore be notified well in advance of this time.HOW TO REGISTERRegistration for participation in the meeting can be made as follows:by post to Zinzino AB  Hulda Mellgrens gata 5  421 32 Västra Frölunda  orby e-mail to fredrik.nielsen@zinzino.comWhen registering  the shareholder must state:NamePerson / organization numberAddress and telephone number during the dayWhere applicable  name and number (maximum two) of assistants to accompany the shareholder at the meeting.Shareholders who wish to be represented by a proxy must issue a written and dated power of attorney for the proxy. Proxy forms can be obtained through the company and will also be available on the company's website  www.zinzino.com . If participation takes place through a representative or deputy  a power of attorney  registration certificate or other authorization documents should be submitted to the company well in advance before the general meeting.Story continuesDRAFT AGENDAOpening of the meeting. Election of chairman at the meeting. Establishment and approval of the voting list. Decision to send a video recording of the meeting via the Internet Election of one or two approvers to adjust the minutes together with the chairman. Approval of the agenda. Examination of whether the meeting has been duly convened. Speech by the CEO. Presentation of submitted annual report and auditor's report as well as consolidated accounts and consolidated auditor's report. Decision on Determination of the number of board members  deputies and auditors to be elected by the meeting. Resolution on fees to the board members and auditor. Election of board members and the chairman of the board and auditor. Decision on the establishment of principles for the Nomination Committee. Decision on issue of warrants - incentive program for employees and others. Resolution on a directed new issue of shares with payment by set-off of the claim to Kenneth Koh. Resolution on a directed new issue of shares with payment by set-off of the claim to Enhanzz AG. Decision on issue authorization for preferential rights issues. Decision on issue authorization for private placements. Submission of the Board's remuneration report for approval. Resolution on the shareholder's proposal for the issue of warrants - incentive program for the Board members. Decision on adjustment authorization Closing of the meeting.NOMINATION PREPARATIONIn accordance with a resolution of the 2021 Annual General Meeting  a Nomination Committee has been established. The Nomination Committee consists of Magnus Götenfelt (representing Saele Invest AS and the Saele family)  Cecilia Halldner (representing Cashflow Holding ApS   Peter Sörensen) and Hans Jacobsson (Chairman of the Board of Zinzino AB). The Chairman of the Nomination Committee is Magnus Götenfelt.THE NOMINATION COMMITTEE'S DECISION MOTIONItem 2. Election of chairman of the meetingThe Nomination Committee proposes that Hans Jacobsson or  in the absence of him  the person appointed by the Nomination Committee instead be elected Chairman of the meetingItem 11. Determination of the number of board members  deputies and auditors to be elected by the meetingThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Board shall consist of five Board members and zero Deputy Board members  and that the number of auditors shall be one.Item 12. Resolution on fees to the board members and auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Board fee be unchanged compared to the previous year and be paid in a total of SEK 980 000  of which SEK 280 000 to the Chairman  SEK 160 000 to each of the other Board members  SEK 25 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 15 000 to a member of the Audit Committee and SEK 10 000 to the chairman of the remuneration committee and SEK 10 000 to a member of the remuneration committee.The Nomination Committee proposes that fees to the auditor be paid in accordance with an invoice approved by the company.Item 13. Election of board members and the chairman of the board and auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  re-election of the members Hans Jacobsson  Staffan Hillberg  Pierre Mårtensson  Ingela Nordenhav and Anna Frick.The Nomination Committee proposes  for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  re-election of the registered auditing company Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (PwC) as the company's auditor. PwC has announced that  subject to the Nomination Committee's proposal being adopted by the Annual General Meeting  the authorized public accountant Fredrik Göransson will be appointed chief auditor.14. Decision on the establishment of principles for the Nomination Committee.The Nomination Committee proposes that the AGM continue to have a Nomination Committee to be appointed and operate in accordance with the principles below. The principles correspond to the previous year's principles for the Nomination Committee.The Chairman of the Board must contact the two largest shareholders or ownership groups based on ownership statistics from Euroclear Sweden AB no later than the end of October 2022 on the last banking day in September before the Annual General Meeting and ask them to each appoint one member to the Nomination Committee. If one of the two largest shareholders in terms of votes or groups of owners abstains from appointing a member of the Nomination Committee  the next shareholders are contacted in terms of ownership with the task of appointing a member of the Nomination Committee. The term of office shall run until a new Nomination Committee has been appointed. The composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced no later than six months before the Annual General Meeting of the company. If a member leaves the Nomination Committee before its work is completed  the shareholder who has appointed the member shall have the right to appoint a new member. The Nomination Committee's assignment includes submitting proposals to (i) the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting prior to the 2023 Annual General Meeting  (ii) the number of Board members  (iii) fees to Board members and other remuneration for committee work  (iv) election and decision on fees to the auditor  (v ) election of board members and the chairman of the board  and (vi) principles for the nomination committee.BOARD DECISION MOTIONItem 9 (b) - Resolution on dispositions regarding the company's profit according to the approved balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of SEK 2 per share be paid. The Board of Directors proposes Thursday  June 2  2022  as the record date for receiving dividends. If the AGM resolves in accordance with the proposal  payment of the dividend is expected to take place on Wednesday  June 8  2022 through Euroclear Sweden AB. The remaining part of the capitalized profits is proposed to be transferred to a new account.Item 15 - Decision on issue of warrants - incentive program for employees and othersThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a directed issue of a maximum of 900 000 warrants of series 2022/2027: 1  entailing an increase in the share capital upon full exercise by a maximum of SEK 9 000. For the decision  the following conditions shall otherwise apply.The right to subscribe for the warrants is added  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the subsidiary Zinzino Operations AB  corporate identity number 556655-2658 (""Subsidiary"")  with the right and obligation to transfer the warrants to employees and others as below. Oversubscription is not possible.The reasons for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights are to stimulate shareholders in the company through an incentive program whereby the company's management  employees and key persons as well as persons in the external distributor organization can take part in and work for a positive value development of the company during the period covered and that the company should be able to retain and recruit competent and committed staff.The warrants shall be issued free of charge. Subscription of the warrants shall take place within two weeks from the date of the issue decision on a separate subscription list. The Board has the right to extend the subscription period.Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one new (1) B share in the company. New subscription of shares with the support of the warrants can take place during the period from and including the Swedish Companies Registration Office's registration of the warrants up to and including 31 May 2027. The subscription price per share shall amount to an amount determined on the day of the meeting according to the following principles: multiplied by a multiple of 1.4. The final price shall be determined by the actor independent of the company who has the task of valuing the warrants in accordance with Black & Scholes' valuation model and rounded off so that the price is even SEK 0.05. The new shares that may be issued upon new subscription are not subject to any reservations.Shares issued after subscription in accordance with these terms and conditions carry the right to a dividend for the first time on the record date for dividends that falls immediately after the shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. Warrants held by the Subsidiary and which have not been transferred as described below may be canceled by the company following a decision by the board of the company with the consent of the board of the subsidiary. Any cancellation must be reported to the Swedish Companies Registration Office for registration.The Board  or the person appointed by the Board  is authorized to make the minor adjustments and clarifications required for registration of the decision with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB.Other terms for the warrants are set out in the complete warrants  which are provided in accordance with what is stated under the heading "" Provision of documents "" below.Approval of transfer of warrantsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting approve the Subsidiary's transfers of warrants on the following terms. The right to acquire warrants from the Subsidiary shall be added to the following categories:Category Maximum number of options / person Maximum number of options / category Key people in the external sales organization(maximum 4 people) 100 000 400 000 Group management and sales management(maximum 20 people) 40 000 350 000 Key employees(maximum 15 people) 10 000 150 000The right to acquire warrants from the Subsidiary shall only accrue to those persons who at the end of the application period have not resigned or been terminated.It must also be possible to offer options to future new employees  e.g. in connection with the possible introduction of new positions in the company. These new employees shall not be included in the maximum amounts specified under each job category  however  the maximum number of options per category shall not be affected. For such acquisitions  the conditions shall be the same or equivalent to what is stated in this decision. This means  among other things  that acquisitions must take place at the then current market value.Transfer to participants presupposes that the warrants can be acquired legally and  in the opinion of the Board  that reasonable administrative and financial efforts can be made.Registration and allocationIf warrants within a certain category remain after all registrations within the category have been satisfied  the remaining number must be allocated to participants in another category  whereby the board shall determine the distribution based on category affiliation  staff category and notified number of warrants. However  such a distribution may at most mean that the maximum number of warrants per person within a certain category is exceeded by 50 percent.The company's board decides on the final allotment.Price and payment etc.The warrants shall be transferred on market terms at a price (premium) determined on the basis of an estimated market value of the warrants using the Black & Scholes valuation model calculated by an independent valuation institute. For acquisitions made by new employees after the end of the initial application period  a new market price must be determined in a corresponding manner. A preliminary calculation of the market value of the warrants  taking into account current circumstances  shows a market value per warrant of SEK 2.50.The employees will acquire the warrants at the market value determined. Payment must be made in cash.More information about the warrant programDilutionIn the event of full new subscription with the support of all warrants  900 000 new shares can be issued  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 2 percent of the total number of shares and votes in the company  subject to any recalculation according to the terms and conditions.Impact on key figures and costs for the company etc.The company's earnings per share are not affected by the issue of the warrants as the present value of the exercise price of the warrants will exceed the current market value of the share at the time of the transfer to employees.The warrant program will only incur certain limited costs in the form of external consulting fees and administration regarding the warrant program.Preparation of the caseThe principles for the option program have been developed by the company's board. The Board has subsequently decided to present this proposal to the Annual General Meeting. Apart from the salaried employees who prepared the matter in accordance with instructions from the board  no employee who may be covered by the program participated in the drafting of the terms.Other share-related incentive programs etc.In addition to the now proposed incentive program  there are currently three outstanding option programs. All programs are largely aimed at the external distributor organization in the Group  but also with a certain allocation to employees at the company.The first option program comprises 800 000 warrants at an exercise price of SEK 18 per Class B share that expires on 31 May 2024  of which 50 000 have been subscribed for by the Group's management team. Other warrants in the program have been subscribed for by the company's external distributors. As of the date of this notice  366 100 warrants have already been exercised for share subscription within the framework of this option program.The second option program comprises 1 000 000 warrants at an exercise price of SEK 45 per Class B share that expires on 31 May 2025  of which 220 000 have been subscribed for by the Group's management team  51 000 by key employees and 22 100 by other employees in the Group. Other warrants in the program have been subscribed for by the company's external distributors. As of the date of this notice  36 033 warrants have already been exercised for share subscription within the framework of this warrants program.A third option program was decided at the company's Annual General Meeting on 20 May 2021 and comprises 800 000 warrants at an exercise price of SEK 140 per Class B share that expires on 31 May 2026. As of the date of this notice  no warrants have been subscribed or exercised for share subscription within the framework of this option program.If all outstanding warrants as above are exercised for new subscription  a total of 2 197 867 Series B shares will be issued  which corresponds to a total dilution of the share capital amounting to a total of approximately 6.5%.Instruction to the boardThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting instruct the Board of Directors of the company to implement the decision as above and to ensure that the Board of Directors of the Subsidiary carries out transfers of warrants in accordance with the above.Decisions according to the above require the assistance of shareholders representing at least 9/10 of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Item 16 - Decision on private placement with payment by set-off of the claim to Kenneth Koh.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting to resolve to increase the share capital by SEK 9 432 by issuing 94 316 new Class B shares. A new B share entails the right to a dividend for the first time on the record date for dividends that falls immediately after the new share issue has been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and the share has been entered in the share register at Euroclear Sweden AB. The right to subscribe for the 94 316 B shares belongs only to Kenneth Peow Swee Koh. Subscription of new shares shall take place on a separate subscription list no later than 15 June 2022  however  the Board shall have the right to extend the subscription period. Payment of the payment for the shares is made by offsetting Kenneth Peow Swee Koh's receivable from Zinzino AB amounting to SEK 2 928 370. The subscription price for each newly subscribed share amounts to SEK 31.05. The part of the subscription price that exceeds the quota value must be transferred to the free premium fund.The reasons for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights are to enable the acquisition from which the current set-off claim derives. The opportunity to carry out strategically important acquisitions for the company through directed new issues is of great operational importance to the company. According to the Board  this speaks together and with sufficient strength that it is in the company's and shareholders 'interest to make an issue with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. The current subscription price follows the principles stated in the current share transfer agreement  which in turn was determined after extensive negotiations with the subscriber. The subscription price is thus considered by the Board to be market-based.Decisions according to the above require the assistance of shareholders representing at least 9/10 of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Item 17 - Decision on private placement with payment by set-off of the claim to Enhanzz AG.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting to resolve to increase the share capital by SEK 6 397 by issuing 63 969 new Class B shares. A new B share entails the right to a dividend for the first time on the record date for dividends that falls immediately after the new share issue has been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and the share has been entered in the share register at Euroclear Sweden AB . The right to subscribe for the 63 969 B shares belongs only to Enhanzz AG. Subscription of new shares shall take place on a separate subscription list no later than 15 June 2022  however  the Board shall have the right to extend the subscription period . Payment of the payment for the shares is made by settling Enhanzz AG's receivable from Zinzino AB amounting to SEK 2 581 150. The subscription price for each newly subscribed share amounts to SEK 40.35. The part of the subscription price that exceeds the quota value must be transferred to the free premium fund.The reasons for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights are to enable the acquisition from which the current set-off claim derives. The opportunity to carry out strategically important acquisitions for the company through directed new issues is of great operational importance to the company. According to the Board  this speaks together and with sufficient strength that it is in the company's and shareholders 'interest to make an issue with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. The current subscription price follows the principles stated in the current share transfer agreement  which in turn was determined after extensive negotiations with the subscriber. The subscription price is thus considered by the Board to be market-based.Decisions according to the above require the assistance of shareholders representing at least 2/3 of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Item 18 - Decision on issue authorization for rights issuesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to  on one or more occasions during the period up to the next Annual General Meeting  decide on a new issue of B shares and / or warrants and / or convertibles against cash payment and / or with a provision in kind or set-off or otherwise terms and conditions taking into account the shareholders' preferential rights. Any warrants or convertibles issued under this authorization shall entitle the holder to subscribe for Class B shares.The issues shall take place at a market subscription price determined by the Board. The number of Class B shares that can be issued and the number of Class B shares that can be subscribed for on the basis of warrants to subscribe for new shares and the number of Class B shares to which convertibles must be eligible for conversion shall in total amount to such number as within the Articles of Association and share capital.The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for any deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is that issues should be able to take place to finance the company's operations  commercialization and development of the company's products and markets and / or acquisitions of companies  companies or parts of companies  and / or to enable a broadening of the ownership base in the company.Item 19 - Decision on issue authorization for directed issuesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to  on one or more occasions during the period up to the next Annual General Meeting  decide on a new issue of B shares and / or warrants and / or convertibles against cash payment and / or with a provision in kind or set-off or otherwise conditions and to thereby be able to deviate from the shareholders' preferential rights. Any warrants or convertibles issued under this authorization shall entitle the holder to subscribe for Class B shares.The issues shall take place at a market subscription price determined by the Board. The number of Class B shares that can be issued and the number of Class B shares that can be subscribed for on the basis of option rights to subscribe for new shares and the number of Class B shares to which convertibles are eligible for conversion shall total 3 000 000 Class B shares.The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for any deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is that issues should be able to take place to finance the company's operations  commercialization and development of the company's products and markets and / or acquisitions of companies  companies or parts of companies  and / or to enable a broadening of the ownership base in the company.Decisions according to the above require the assistance of shareholders representing at least 2/3 of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.SHAREHOLDERS' RESOLUTION PROPOSALItem 21 - Resolution on the shareholder's proposal for the issue of warrants - incentive program for the Board membersFinn Örjan Saele and Saele Invest AS propose that the AGM resolves that the company shall issue 120 000 warrants of series 2022/2027:2 entitling to new subscription of 120 000 Class B shares in the company.The right to subscribe for warrants shall  by way of deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  accrue to the following persons:Subscriber Number of warrantsHans Jacobsson  Chairman 40 000Staffan Hillberg  Member 20 000Anna Frick  Member 20 000Pierre Mårtensson  Member 20 000Ingela Nordenhav  member 20 000Warrants that are not subscribed for in accordance with the above may not be subscribed for by anyone else.The reasons for deviating from the shareholders' preferential rights are to create a warrant-based incentive program for the above-mentioned board members. Through such a program  the Board of Directors is ­offered the opportunity to take part in a value growth in the company's share  which can be expected to lead to an increased interest in the company's and its subsidiaries' operations and earnings development  for the benefit of the company and its shareholders.The warrants of series 2022/2027:2 shall be issued at a subscription price that corresponds to the market value of the warrants on the day of the resolving general meeting of the company. The market ­value is calculated by a player independent of the company using the Black & Scholes valuation ­model.The warrants must be subscribed for on a special subscription slip. Subscription shall take place no later than 15 July 2022. Payment of the consideration  as described above  per warrant  shall be paid in cash no later than 15 July 2022. However  the Board shall have the right to postpone the last day for subscription or payment.It is noted that a decision on how to distribute in the event of oversubscription is not required.The warrants shall be freely transferable  but a condition for granting the ­warrants is that the board members have entered into a special home delivery agreement with the company at the latest at the time of subscription  according to which each board member shall be obliged to offer the Company or the Company directs to acquire the warrants or a certain share of these if the board ­assignment ceases (i) within a certain time  (ii) upon transfer of warrants before 31 May 2027 and (iii) in certain other cases.Allocation of warrants further presupposes that acquisition of warrants can legally take place.Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one new share in the company  meaning that the share capital can be increased by SEK 12 000 upon full exercise of the warrants by subscribing for a maximum of 120 000 new shares.The warrants may be exercised for subscription of shares in the company during the period from and including 1 June 2022 to and including 31 May 2027.The subscription price per share shall amount to an amount determined on the day of the meeting in accordance with the following principles: the closing price for the company's share on the day of the meeting  multiplied by a multiple of 1.4. The final price shall be determined by the actor independent of the company who has the task of valuing the warrants in accordance with Black & Scholes' valuation model and rounded off so that the price is even 5 öre.Shares issued after subscription in accordance with these terms and conditions carry the right to a dividend for the first time on the record date for dividends that falls immediately after the shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB.The Board  or the person appointed by the Board  is authorized to make the minor adjustments and clarifications required for registration of the decision with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB.Other terms for the warrants are set out in the complete warrants  which are provided in accordance with what is stated under the heading "" Provision of documents "" below.DilutionIn the event of full new subscription with the support of all warrants  120 000 Series B shares may be issued  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 0.5 percent of the total number of shares in the company  subject to possible recalculation in accordance with the option terms.Impact on key figures and costs for the company etc.The company's earnings per share are not affected by the issue of the warrants as the present value of the ­exercise price of the warrants will exceed the current market value of the share at the time of the transfer to the Board members.The subscribers will subscribe for the warrants at market value as stated above. Thus  no such benefit value arises  for the participants who subscribe for options  on which the company is obliged to pay social security contributions. The warrant program thus does not entail any increased tax ­cost for the company. The warrant program will otherwise entail certain limited costs in the form of external consulting fees and administration regarding the warrant ­program.Preparation of the caseThe principles for the option program have been developed on behalf of the proposer  who has decided to submit this proposal to the AGM. None of the members who may be covered by the program have participated in the drafting of the terms.Other share-related incentive programs etc.The company's other outstanding share-related incentive programs are set out in the summary under item 15 above.Decisions according to the above require the assistance of shareholders representing at least 9/10 of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting. Furthermore  the decision is conditional on the above subscribers being elected as board members by the meeting.NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTESThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 33 702 278  of which 5 113 392 Series A shares and 28 588 886 Series B shares. The total number of votes in the company amounts to 7 972 280.6. The company does not hold any own shares.SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHT TO REQUEST INFORMATIONThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board considers that this can be done without significant damage to the company  provide information on circumstances that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  and circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company's financial situation. The disclosure obligation also refers to the company's relationship with another group company and the consolidated accounts  as well as such matters regarding group companies as referred to above.PROVISION OF DOCUMENTSAccounting documents  auditors' report and other documents to be considered at the meeting will be kept available at the company's office at Hulda Mellgrens Gata 5  421 32 Västra Frölunda  and on its website  www.zinzino.com  no later than three weeks before the meeting. The documents are also sent free of charge to the shareholders who request it and who state their postal address.PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Integritetspolicy-bolagsstammor-svenska.pdfGothenburg in April 2022Zinzino ABThe boardFor more information:Dag Bergheim Pettersen CEO Zinzino +47 (0) 932 25 700  zinzino.comFredrik Nielsen CFO Zinzino +46 707 900 174  fredrik.nielsen@zinzino.comPictures for publication free of charge:marketing@zinzino.comCertified Adviser: Erik Penser Bank Aktiebolag  +46 (0) 8 463 83 00  email: certifiedadviser@penser.seThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/zinzino/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-zinzino-ab-on-may-31--2022 c3556812The following files are available for download:",neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.2,0.38,0.42,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Zinzino AB', 'Notice', 'May', 'Västra Frölunda', 'zero Deputy Board members', 'preferential rights issues', 'Magnus Götenfelt', 'Cashflow Holding ApS', 'Peter Sörensen', 'Saele Invest AS', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'other authorization documents', 'Hulda Mellgrens gata', 'five Board members', 'other Board members', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Saele family', 'NOMINATION PREPARATION', 'annual report', 'Audit Committee', 'remuneration committee', 'adjustment authorization', 'Zinzino AB', 'voting list', 'video recording', 'two approvers', 'consolidated accounts', 'incentive program', 'Kenneth Koh', 'Enhanzz AG', 'private placements', 'Cecilia Halldner', 'Hans Jacobsson', 'Board fee', 'previous year', 'issue authorization', 'share register', 'new issue', 'Such registration', 'dated power', 'registration certificate', 'DRAFT AGENDA', 'remuneration report', 'organization number', 'telephone number', 'Proxy forms', 'Internet Election', 'DECISION MOTION', 'STOCKHOLM', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'company', 'premises', 'Gothenburg', 'ambition', 'web', 'distance', 'PARTICIPATE', 'Monday', 'intention', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'shares', 'nominee', 'order', 'name', 'days', 'trustee', 'advance', 'time', 'participation', 'post', 'mail', 'fredrik', 'nielsen', 'Person', 'Address', 'maximum', 'assistants', 'written', 'attorney', 'representative', 'Story', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'Establishment', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Examination', 'Speech', 'CEO', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'Determination', 'deputies', 'Resolution', 'fees', 'principles', 'warrants', 'employees', 'others', 'payment', 'set', 'off', 'claim', 'Submission', 'proposal', 'Item', 'absence', 'total', 'SEK', 'invoice']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3886,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.morganlewis.com/pubs/2022/04/update-russia-limits-transactions-with-shares-received-upon-cancellation-of-dr-programs,Update: Russia Limits Transactions with Shares Received Upon Cancellation of DR Programs,6 hours ago,LawFlash Update: Russia Limits Transactions with Shares Received Upon Cancellation of DR Programs April 29  2022The delisting of Russian issuers’ depositary receipts could potentially lead to a disproportional increase in sales of underlying shares in the Russian stock market and contribute to its volatility. In response to this challenge  Russia’s Central Bank introduced a limit on transactions with shares received upon cancellation of depositary receipts.Russia’s Federal Law No. 114-FZ of April 16  2022 (the Delisting Law) entered into force on April 27  2022 (the Effective Date). The Delisting Law prohibits Russian issuers from having their shares (Russian shares or underlying shares) traded outside Russia via depositary receipts (DRs) absent government approval.It is anticipated that the process of cancelling the DRs and delivering the underlying Russian shares (also known as the DR conversion) may extend well beyond the Effective Date. At the same time  the Delisting Law clearly states that only those investors who held DRs as of the Effective Date will be entitled to receive the underlying Russian shares. This creates some further practical difficulties for the DR conversion.Obstacles Related to DR ConversionDR holders face a number of practical issues that complicate the DR conversion:International settlement and clearing systems Euroclear and Clearstream blocked or imposed restrictions on accounts with Russia’s National Settlement Depository  and this might result in difficulties (or impossibility) in transferring and converting DRs using these systems.A DR holder might need to instruct a broker or similar institution to surrender the DRs and/or accept the underlying shares  and such broker may be unable to accept or fulfill this instruction in the current geopolitical environment.A DR holder may be restricted from holding Russian shares directly under their investment declarations or applicable legal and sanctions regimes.There are current Russian legal restrictions on disposing of  or repatriating income from  Russian shares owned by investors from the so-called “unfriendly states.”In practice  it appears that for an investor to keep enjoying their rights to the underlying shares as to the previously held DRs  such investor should be the one who can open a shares account directly with a Russian broker or custodian and who is not an unfriendly state resident or controlled by such resident. In view of this  based on market reports  foreign DR holders were increasingly selling the DRs to Russian residents before the Effective Date  including through over-the-counter transactions.Limitation on Transactions with Underlying SharesThe Central Bank of Russia (CBR) has noticed this trend of Russian residents acquiring DRs from nonresidents for their conversion into underlying shares and further sale in Russia. To prevent a disproportionate increase in the offering of shares on the Russian stock market  the CBR introduced restrictions on transactions with underlying shares obtained through the DR conversion.On April 27  2022  the CBR ordered Russian custodians tokeep a special record of the Russian shares received as a result of the DR conversion (the converted shares)  andfor each deponent  limit sales of converted shares during any particular trading day to 0.2% of the total number of the converted shares obtained by the deponent from April 27  2022  to the date preceding the date of sale.The above rules apply for six months unless revoked earlier.Notably  these restrictions apply to both exchange and over-the-counter transactions.These measures do not apply to the converted shares obtained by a Russian resident  provided that such Russian residentacquired the DRs before March 1  2022  orreceived an approval of the Government Commission on Control over Foreign Investments (the FDI Commission) in order to acquire the DRs.Important ConsiderationsThe Delisting Law implies that any DR holder who has purchased DRs after the Effective Date would not be able to exercise the conversion rights. In practice  this restricts the possibility of a DR holder to sell the DRs after the Effective Date  although in theory it should still be possible to sell the beneficial interest in the DRs after the Effective Date as long as the legal title to the DRs (and  following the conversion  to the underlying Russian shares) remains with the seller who held the DRs on the Effective Date.At the same time  any DR holder who successfully completes the conversion will not be able to freely sell the converted shares. Due to the limit on the number of shares that can be sold  the sale of the converted shares may take several months. The sale of converted shares to Russian purchasers by persons from “unfriendly states” or controlled by such persons is generally prohibited absent approval from the FDI Commission. This also impacts the timing and possibility to sell.Ukraine Conflict: How to Maintain Global Business ContinuityOur lawyers have long been trusted advisers to clients navigating the complex and quickly changing global framework of international sanctions. Because companies must closely monitor evolving government guidance to understand what changes need to be made to their global operations to maintain business continuity  we offer this centralized portal to share our insights and analyses. To receive the latest updates  subscribe to our Ukraine Conflict: How to Maintain Global Business Continuity mailing list.Trainee associate Maxim Sidorenko contributed to this LawFlash.ContactsIf you have any questions or would like more information on the issues discussed in this LawFlash  please contact any of the following Morgan Lewis lawyers:Ukraine Conflict Task ForceGiovanna M. CinelliAlexey ChertovJoanna ChristoforouBruce JohnstonSabine KonradGrigory MarinichevMichael MaslingKenneth J. NunnenkampGeorgia M. QuenbyChristina RennerMelanie RyanPeter SharpVasilisa StrizhPierre TrippelCarl A. ValensteinHeather SearsAbaigael R. CliffordDr. Axel SpiesJiazhen (Ivon) GuoKatelyn M. HilfertyNicola KellyChristian KozlowskiDaniel Lopez RusMaximilian PikaCharles C. RushEli Rymland-KellyPolina Sizikova,negative,0.03,0.43,0.55,negative,0.02,0.22,0.76,True,English,"['DR Programs', 'Update', 'Russia', 'Transactions', 'Shares', 'Cancellation', 'Russian issuers’ depositary receipts', 'current Russian legal restrictions', 'current geopolitical environment', 'particular trading day', 'Global Business Continuity', 'National Settlement Depository', 'Russian stock market', 'The Central Bank', 'The Delisting Law', 'unfriendly state resident', 'foreign DR holders', 'underlying Russian shares', 'applicable legal', 'market reports', 'legal title', 'International settlement', 'Foreign Investments', 'Russian residents', 'Russian custodians', 'Russian purchasers', 'Federal Law', 'unfriendly states', 'underlying shares', 'DR Programs', 'LawFlash Update', 'disproportional increase', 'same time', 'practical issues', 'similar institution', 'investment declarations', 'sanctions regimes', 'disproportionate increase', 'special record', 'six months', 'Government Commission', 'FDI Commission', 'Important Considerations', 'beneficial interest', 'several months', 'Ukraine Conflict', 'Russian broker', 'Effective Date', 'shares account', 'DR conversion', 'practical difficulties', 'clearing systems', 'converted shares', 'government approval', 'counter transactions', 'total number', 'conversion rights', 'Cancellation', 'sales', 'volatility', 'response', 'challenge', 'limit', 'FZ', 'April', 'force', 'DRs', 'process', 'investors', 'Obstacles', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'accounts', 'impossibility', 'transferring', 'instruction', 'income', 'practice', 'one', 'view', 'CBR', 'trend', 'nonresidents', 'offering', 'result', 'rules', 'exchange', 'measures', 'March', 'Control', 'order', 'theory', 'seller', 'persons', 'timing', 'lawyers', 'advisers', 'clients', 'complex', 'qu']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,morganlewis.com
3887,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NOBINA-AB-PUBL-30049644/news/Nobina-Notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-Nobina-AB-publ-40180110/,Nobina : Notice of annual general meeting in Nobina AB (publ),1 day ago,"Press release 2022-04-28Notice of annual general meeting in Nobina AB (publ)Nobina AB (publ)  556576-4569  holds its annual general meeting on 31 May 2022.The board of directors has decided that the annual general meeting shall be held without physical presence of shareholders  proxies or external parties and that the shareholders shall have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights by postal voting prior to the general meeting pursuant to Sections 20 and 22 of the Swedish Act on Temporary Exemptions to Facilitate the Execution of General Meetings in Companies and Associations.VOTE AT THE GENERAL MEETINGShareholders who wish to exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting must:• be entered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on 20 May 2022 or  if the shares are registered in the name of a nominee  request that the nominee registers the shares in their own name for voting purposes in such time that the registration is completed by 24 May 2022; and• submit a postal vote in accordance with the instructions set out in the section ""Instructions for postal voting"" below in such time so that the company receives the postal vote no later than 30 May 2022.Instructions for postal votingIn order to vote at the annual general meeting  the shareholders must use the digital postal voting form and follow the instructions available on the company's website www.nobina.com. The postal voting form shall be sent either:• by post to Computershare AB  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm (Att. ""Nobina's AGM"");• by email toproxy@computershare.se; or• electronically with BankID in accordance with the instructions onwww.nobina.com.If a shareholder's voting rights are exercised through a proxy  a power of attorney and other authorisation documents must be enclosed with the postal voting form. A proxy form is available at the company's website www.nobina.com.PROPOSED AGENDA1. Opening of the meeting2. Election of chairman for the meeting3. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes4. Preparation and approval of the voting register5. Approval of the agenda6. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation of the annual accounts and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated accounts and the auditor's report on the consolidated accounts8. Resolution on adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet9. Resolution on allocation of the company's results in accordance with the adopted balance sheet10. Resolution on discharge from liability for the board of directors and the managing director11. Determination of the number of board members12. Determination of fees to the board members13. (a)-(e) Election of board members14. Determination of the number of auditors15. Determination of fees to the auditor16. Election of auditor17. Closing of the meetingPROPOSED RESOLUTIONSItem 2: Election of chairman for the meetingThe board of directors proposes that advokat Carl Westerberg is elected as chairman of the meeting or  in the event of his absence  a person appointed by the board of directors.Item 3: Election of one or two persons to verify the minutesThe board of directors proposes that Erik Persson  representing OffertoRide Bidco AB  or  if he is absent  any person appointed by the board of directors  is elected to verify the minutes of the meeting.Item 4: Preparation and approval of the voting registerThe board of directors proposes that the register prepared by the company based on the share register and the postal votes received by the company is approved as voting register for the meeting.Item 9: Resolution on allocation of the company's results in accordance with the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that no dividend is distributed and that all distributable funds are carried forward.Item 11: Determination of the number of board membersOffertoRide Bidco AB  holding 95.9 per cent of all shares and votes in the company (excluding treasury shares held by the company)  proposes that the number of board members elected by the annual general meeting shall be four without deputies.Item 12: Determination of fees to the board membersOffertoRide Bidco AB  holding 95.9 per cent of all shares and votes in the company (excluding treasury shares held by the company)  proposes that no fees should be paid to the board members.Item 13 (a)-(e): Election of board membersOffertoRide Bidco AB  holding 95.9 per cent of all shares and votes in the company (excluding treasury shares held by the company)  proposes that Robert Gregor  Markus Geisselmann  Wil Jones and Magnus Rosén are re-elected as board members and that Robert Gregor is re-elected as chairman of the board for the period until the close of the next annual general meeting.Item 14: Determination of the number of auditorsThe board of directors proposes that the company shall have one auditor without a deputy auditor.Item 15: Determination of fees to the auditorThe board of directors proposes that the fees to the auditor should be paid in accordance with approved invoice.Item 16: Election of auditorThe board of directors proposes that Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is re-elected as auditor for the period until the close of the next annual general meeting.NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTESAs of the date of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in the company amounts to 88 355 682  whereof the company holds 2 030 092 shares in treasury.SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHT TO REQUEST INFORMATIONShareholders that wish to request information pursuant to Chapter 7  section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act shall do so by submitting the request in writing by post to Nobina AB (publ)  Att ""Annual General Meeting""  Armégatan 38  Box 6071  SE-171 71 Solna  or by email tonobinaagm@nobina.comno later than on 21 May 2022. The information will be made available at Nobina AB (publ)  Armégatan 38  SE-171 71 Solna and onwww.nobina.com  no later than 26 May 2022. Within the same time  the information will be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and inform the company of their address.AVAILABLE DOCUMENTSDocuments that shall be made available prior to the annual general meeting pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act will be made available at the company's offices  Armégatan 38  SE-171 71 Solna  and on the company's website www.nobina.com. The documentswill also be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and inform the company of their address.A share register reflecting the shareholdings in the company as of 20 May 2022 and voting registrations of shares registered in the name of a nominee made not later than on 24 May 2022 will be made available at the company's offices  Armégatan 38  SE-171 71 Solna  prior to the annual general meeting.PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information on how personal data is processed in connection with the general meeting  see the privacy notice on Euroclear Sweden AB's and Computershare AB's respective website https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy_notice_BOSS_20181023.pdf andhttps://www.computershare.com/se/gm-gdpr#English.* * *Solna in April 2022Nobina AB (publ)The Board of Directors",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.02,0.48,0.51,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Nobina AB', 'Notice', 'next annual general meeting', 'digital postal voting form', 'other authorisation documents', 'Magnus Rosén', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'OffertoRide Bidco AB', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'annual accounts', 'General Meetings', 'proxy form', 'consolidated accounts', 'voting rights', 'voting purposes', 'voting register', 'Computershare AB', 'postal vote', 'Press release', 'physical presence', 'external parties', 'Swedish Act', 'Temporary Exemptions', 'email toproxy', 'two persons', 'managing director', 'PROPOSED RESOLUTIONS', 'Carl Westerberg', 'Erik Persson', 'distributable funds', '95.9 per cent', 'Robert Gregor', 'Markus Geisselmann', 'Wil Jones', 'Nobina AB', 'share register', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'board members', 'treasury shares', 'deputy auditor', 'one auditor', 'votes', 'Notice', '31 May', 'directors', 'shareholders', 'proxies', 'opportunity', 'Sections', 'Execution', 'Companies', 'Associations', '20 May', 'name', 'nominee', 'time', 'registration', '24 May', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'company', '30 May', 'order', 'website', 'Box', '46 Stockholm', 'AGM', 'BankID', 'power', 'attorney', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'minutes', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'report', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'results', 'discharge', 'liability', 'number', 'fees', 'auditors', 'Closing', 'Item', 'advokat', 'event', 'absence', 'dividend', 'deputies', 'period', 'close', '102']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,marketscreener.com
3888,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FELLOW-PANKKI-OYJ-25221376/news/Fellow-Pankki-Oyj-Notice-to-shareholders-meeting-of-merged-Fellow-Finance-Plc-40182421/,Fellow Pankki Oyj : Notice to shareholders meeting of merged Fellow Finance Plc,1 day ago,"28.4.2022 14:00STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASEFELLOW BANK PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 28.4.2022 AT 2:00 PM EESTFollowing the merger of Fellow Finance Plc (""Fellow Finance"") into Fellow Bank Plc (""Fellow Bank""  formerly Evli Bank Plc) on 2 April 2022  a notice is given to the shareholders of Fellow Finance to a shareholders' meeting to be held on Wednesday  25 May 2022  commencing at 9.30 a.m. at the premises of Krogerus Attorneys Ltd at Fabianinkatu 9  00130 Helsinki  Finland.The reception of participants and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 9.00 a.m.At the shareholders' meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of person to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording of attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements and the report of the board of directors for the year 2021 as well as for the period 1 January 2022-1 April 2022 (final accounts) and the related auditor's reports7. Adoption of the financial statements for the year 2021 and for the period 1 January 2022-1 April 2022 (final accounts)8. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the board of directors and the CEO from liability9. Closing of the meetingThis notice  the financial statements and the report of the board of directors for the year 2021 as well as for the period 1 January 2022-1 April 2022 and the related auditor's reports will be available on Fellow Bank's website at www.fellowbank.com/general-meeting/fellowfinance-shareholdersmeeting2022 on 18 May 2022 at the latest. The aforesaid documents will also be available at the shareholders' meeting. The minutes of the shareholders' meeting will be available on the aforesaid website on 8 June 2022 at the latest.The last shareholders of Fellow Finance  i.e. shareholders registered in Fellow Finance's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy as at the end of the last trading day on 1 April 2022 (i.e.  the shareholders who were entitled to the merger consideration)  have the right to participate in the shareholders' meeting. Shareholders whose shares were registered on their personal book-entry account  were registered in the shareholders' register of Fellow Finance.A shareholder registered in the shareholders' register of Fellow Finance who wants to participate in the shareholders' meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on 20 May 2022 by 4:00 p.m. (EEST) by giving a prior notice of participation. Such notice can be given:(a) by email to yhtiokokous@fellowpankki.fi; or(b) by ordinary mail to Fellow Bank Plc  Shareholders' Meeting  Pursimiehenkatu 4 A  00150 Helsinki  Finland.In connection with registering for the meeting  the name  personal identification number or business ID  address and telephone number of the shareholder as well as the name of the assistant or representative  if any  shall be provided. The personal information given by the shareholders in connection with the registration is used solely in the context of the shareholders' meeting and the processing of related registrations.The shareholders  their authorised representatives or proxy representatives shall  where necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation.Holders of nominee-registered shares have the right to participate in the shareholders' meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they are entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of Fellow Finance held by Euroclear Finland Oy on 1 April 2022 (at the end of the last trading day). The right to participate in the shareholders' meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been registered in the temporary shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy  at the latest on 20 May 2022 by 10.00 a.m. (EEST). As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the shareholders' meeting.Holders of nominee-registered shares are advised to request  without delay  the necessary instructions regarding the registration in the shareholders' register of Fellow Finance and registration for the shareholders' meeting from their custodian bank. Holders of nominee-registered shares are considered to have registered for the shareholder's meeting if they have been temporarily recorded in the shareholders' register as described above.Shareholders may participate in the shareholders' meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting through a proxy representative. The use of a proxy representative requires that the shareholder registers for the shareholders' meeting in the manner described above even though the shareholder would not be attending the meeting at the meeting venue in person.Authorising a proxy representative arranged by Fellow FinanceInstead of coming to the meeting venue in person  shareholders can authorise Associate Olli Silvennoinen from Krogerus Attorneys Ltd or his designate to act as a proxy representative at the shareholders' meeting  with no cost to the shareholder. The template for a power of attorney is available on Fellow Bank's website at www.fellowbank.com/general-meeting/fellowfinance-shareholdersmeeting2022. Shareholders' powers of attorneys should be delivered by email attachment (e.g. as pdf) to the address yhtiokokous@fellowpankki.fi or by ordinary mail to the address Fellow Bank Plc  Shareholders' Meeting  Pursimiehenkatu 4 A  00150 Helsinki  Finland before the last date and time for registration.Authorising other proxy representativesA proxy representative is required to present a dated power of attorney  or otherwise show in a reliable manner that he/she is entitled to represent a shareholder. If a shareholder is represented by more than one proxy representing shares held in different book-entry accounts  each proxy must state which shares he/she represents when registering for the shareholders' meeting.Shareholders' powers of attorney should be delivered by email attachment (e.g. as pdf) to the address yhtiokokous@fellowpankki.fi or ordinary mail to the address Fellow Bank Plc  Shareholder's meeting  Pursimiehenkatu 4 A  00150 Helsinki  Finland before the last date and time for registration.Pursuant to chapter 5  section 25 of the Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the shareholders' meeting has the right to ask questions with respect to the matters to be considered at the shareholders' meeting.At the time of the completion of the merger on 2 April 2022 the total number of shares and votes in Fellow Finance was 7 173 625.In Helsinki on 28 April 2022FELLOW FINANCE PLCThe Board of DirectorsTeemu Nyholm  CEO  Fellow Bank Plc  teemu.nyholm@fellowpankki.fi  puh. +358 50 577 1028Fellow Bank Plc is a new Finnish bank that helps both personal and business customers to manage their day-to-day finances in a flexible and straightforward manner. For savers  we offer an attractive interest rate on deposits. Fellow Bank Plc is regulated by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Finland and listed on Nasdaq Helsinki's main list (FELLOW). www.fellowbank.com",neutral,0.02,0.87,0.1,negative,0.04,0.24,0.72,True,English,"['Fellow Pankki Oyj', 'Fellow Finance Plc', 'shareholders meeting', 'Notice', 'FELLOW BANK PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Evli Bank Plc', 'Krogerus Attorneys Ltd', 'Associate Olli Silvennoinen', 'last trading day', 'personal book-entry account', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Fellow Finance Plc', 'personal identification number', ""temporary shareholders' register"", 'custodian bank', 'personal information', 'telephone number', 'last shareholders', 'voting tickets', 'following matters', 'financial statements', 'final accounts', 'related auditor', 'aforesaid documents', 'ordinary mail', 'business ID', 'related registrations', 'authorised representatives', 'necessary instructions', 'proxy representatives', 'meeting venue', 'nominee-registered shares', 'aforesaid website', 'merger consideration', 'prior notice', 'Such notice', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'Pursimiehenkatu 4 A', 'due registration', '9.30 a', '9.00 a', '10.00 a', '2:00 PM', '2 April', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'premises', 'Fabianinkatu', '00130 Helsinki', 'reception', 'participants', 'distribution', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'Recording', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'report', 'board', 'directors', 'year', 'period', '1 January', 'Resolution', 'discharge', 'members', 'CEO', 'liability', 'Closing', 'fellowbank', 'fellowfinance-shareholdersmeeting2022', '8 June', '1 April', 'right', 'EEST', 'participation', 'email', 'yhtiokokous', 'fellowpankki', '00150 Helsinki', 'connection', 'name', 'address', 'assistant', 'context', 'processing', 'identity', 'virtue', 'addition', 'basis', 'delay', 'use', 'manner', 'designate', '4:00']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,marketscreener.com
3889,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-attend-annual-general-meeting-163000965.html,Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting in Maha Energy AB (publ),Notice Shareholders wishing to participate at the meeting must: be entered in the shareholders’ register  kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Central Securities Depository & Clearing ...,Maha Energy ABThe shareholders in Maha Energy AB (publ)  reg. no. 559018-9543  are hereby given notice to attend the annual general meeting at 3:00 p.m. CET on Tuesday 31 May 2022 at Grev Turegatan 30 in Stockholm  Sweden. Registration for the meeting commences at 2:30 p.m CET.NoticeShareholders wishing to participate at the meeting must:be entered in the shareholders’ register  kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Central Securities Depository & Clearing Organisation)  on the record day which is Friday 20 May 2022; and notify the company of their attendance and any assistant no later than Tuesday 24 May 2022. Notification can be made via letter to Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB  Attn: Magnus Melin  P.O. Box 1050  SE-101 39 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to magnus.melin@setterwalls.se.Notification shall include full name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address and daytime telephone number and  where appropriate  information about representative  proxy and assistants. The number of assistants may not be more than two. In order to facilitate entry to the meeting  notification should  where appropriate  be accompanied by powers of attorney  registration certificates and other documents of authority.Personal data obtained from the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB  notices and attendance at the meeting and information on representatives  proxies and assistants will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the meeting and  where appropriate  the minutes of the meeting.Nominee registered sharesShareholders who have their shares registered in the name of a nominee must request temporary entry in the transcription of the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB in order to be entitled to participate and vote for their shares at the meeting. The shareholder must inform the nominee well in advance of Friday 20 May 2022 at which time the register entry must have been made. Voting rights registration that has been requested by the shareholder at such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than Tuesday 24 May 2022  will  however  be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.Story continuesProxyA shareholder represented by proxy shall issue a power of attorney which shall be dated and signed by the shareholder. If issued by a legal entity the power of attorney shall be accompanied by registration certificate or  if not applicable  equivalent documents of authority. Power of attorney forms for those shareholders wishing to participate by proxy are available on the company’s website www.mahaenergy.ca. The original version of the power of attorney shall also be presented at the meeting.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting and election of chairman of the meeting; Preparation and approval of the voting list; Approval of the agenda; Election of one (1) or two (2) persons who shall approve the minutes of the meeting; Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened; Submission of the annual report and the auditor’s report and the consolidated financial statements and the auditor’s report on the group; Resolution in respect of adoption of the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet and the consolidated profit and loss statement and the consolidated balance sheet; Resolution in respect of allocation of the company’s profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet; Resolution in respect of the members of the board of directors’ and the managing director’s discharge from liability; Determination of the number of members of the board of directors and the number of auditors and  where applicable  deputy auditors; Determination of the fees payable to the members of the board of directors and the auditors; Election of members of the board of directors  auditors and  where applicable  deputy auditors; Resolution regarding principles for the appointment of and instructions regarding a nomination committee; Approval of the remuneration report; Resolution on changes to the articles of association (removal of share class B); Resolution on an incentive programme and issuance of warrants to the executive management (LTIP 7); Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to increase the share capital; Closing of the meeting.Proposed resolutionsItem 1. Election of chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee  consisting of Christer Lindholm representing Kvalitena AB  Edwyn Neves  representing Banco BTG Pactual  Henrik Morén  representing Jonas Lindvall  and Harald Pousette  the chairman of the board of directors  proposes that attorney Marcus Nivinger is appointed chairman of the annual general meeting.Item 8. Allocation of the company’s profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that the company’s available funds shall be carried forward in new account and that no dividend shall be paid for the last financial year.Item 10. Determination of the number of members of the board of directors and the number of auditors and deputy auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that six board members are elected.Further  the nomination committee proposes that a registered public auditor is appointed as auditor.Item 11. Determination of the fees payable to the members of the board of directors and auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the fees payable to the board of directors for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting shall remain the same and amount to a total of SEK 1 615 000 (remuneration for committee work not included) out of which SEK 415 000 shall be paid to the chairman and SEK 300 000 to each of the other ordinary members. The managing director shall not receive a fee as an ordinary member of the board of directors.Board members shall also be entitled to invoice the company in so far as they perform services outside the board assignment.Furthermore  it is proposed  as remuneration for the committee work  the chairman of the audit committee is to receive SEK 60 000  the chairman of the remuneration committee SEK 60 000  the chairman of the reserves and health  safety and environmental committee SEK 60 000  members of the audit committee (the chairman excluded) SEK 40 000 each  members of the remuneration committee (the chairman excluded) SEK 40 000 each and members of the reserves and health  safety and environmental committee (the chairman excluded) SEK 40 000 each. The managing director shall not receive remuneration as a member of a committee.It is proposed that the company’s auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Item 12. Election of members of the board of directors and auditorsThe nomination committee proposes re-election of Jonas Lindvall  Harald Pousette  and Nicholas Walker  as ordinary board members. The nomination committee further proposes the new-election of Christer Lindholm  Viktor Modigh and Richard Norris as new ordinary board members. The nomination committee proposes re-election of Harald Pousette as chairman of the board of directors.Christer Lindholm (born 1977) holds an MSc in Electrical Engineering from the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm as well as a BSc in Business Administration and Economics from Stockholm University. Christer is currently the CFO of Kvalitena AB (publ) and has previously worked in the banking and finance and management consultancy industry. Christer is partner and on the board of Addeno AB and on the board at Jitech AB and Apikal Fastighetspartner AB. Christer hold 2 500 shares in Maha.Viktor Modigh (born 1980) holds a Master of Law from the University of Gothenburg  Sweden with a specialization in Petroleum Law and Petroleum Contracts from the University of Oslo  Norway. He has more than 20 years´ experience of investments across different sectors and has held management positions with Tethys Oil in Oman and the United Arab Emirates. Viktor has worked as a lawyer advising primarily oil and gas companies on regulatory and contractual matters  transactions and general corporate law  and is a member of the Association of International Energy Negotiators. He is currently the Managing Director of Tiveden AS and Chairman of Jumpgate AB  Minotaurus Energi AS and Urtiven AS. Viktor is a resident of Norway and he holds 0 shares in Maha.Richard Norris (born 1966) holds a PhD in Petroleum Engineering and an MSc in Petroleum Geology from Imperial College in London as well as a BSc in Geology. Richard has over 30 years energy related experience in both industry and finance  including roles with large and small oil companies  as well as roles in debt and equity financing. He is currently Managing Director of Pandreco Energy Advisors Inc  whose clients include major and junior energy companies  banks and public policy centres. Richard is a Fellow of the Canadian Global Affairs Institute and has worked in engineering  management and board roles covering Africa  Europe  Former Soviet Union and South America with BP  Elf Aquitaine/Total  Geopetrol  Candax Energy and Eland Oil and Gas. In finance Richard was instrumental in building the European oil and gas structured finance group at BNP Paribas. As a Partner at Helios Investment Partners  Richard co-managed Helios’s Private Equity energy investments throughout Africa. Richard is a resident of Canada and he holds 0 shares in Maha.Information on the board members proposed for re-election can be found in the annual report and on the company’s website at www.mahaenergy.ca.The nomination committee further proposes re-election of the accounting firm Deloitte AB as auditor. Deloitte AB has informed that Fredrik Jonsson will continue to be appointed as the auditor-in-charge.Item 13. Resolution regarding principles for the appointment of and instructions regarding a nomination committeeThe nomination committee does not propose any changes to the principles adopted at the annual general meeting in 2021 (applicable until the general meeting decides otherwise). The principles are kept available on the company’s website at www.mahaenergy.ca.Item 14. Approval of the remuneration reportThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve the board’s remuneration report in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 15. Resolution on changes to the articles of association (removal of share class B)The board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to change the articles of association  with the effect that the company will  after the registration of the new articles of association  only have one type of share. The articles of association in their proposed new version are set out in the board’s complete proposal.The chairman of the board of directors  the managing director or a person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorised to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Majority requirementsFor a valid decision on the proposal on changes to the articles of association  as outlined above  requires that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds (2/3) of the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Item 16. Resolution on an incentive programme and issuance of warrants to the executive management (LTIP 7)The board of directors in Maha Energy AB (publ) (the “Company”) (excluding Jonas Lindvall) proposes that the general meeting resolves on an incentive programme for the executive management through issuance of warrants entitling to subscription of new shares of class A in the Company (“Shares”) as set forth below.BackgroundThe proposal to launch an incentive programme by the issuance of warrants is presented by the board of directors of the Company (excluding Jonas Lindvall) in order to strengthen the retention of senior executives with the company group and to motivate the senior executives to create shareholder value. The board of directors assess that these objectives are in line with all shareholders’ interests.The programme encompasses senior executives employed by the Company and subsidiaries of the Company (together  the “Group”). Board members not employed by the Group are not allowed to participate. Those entitled to participate in the incentive programme are hereinafter referred to as “Participants”.Terms and conditions for the issue of warrantsThe Company shall issue not more than 1 197 157 warrants. Each warrant entitles to subscription of one (1) new Share  each with a quotient value of SEK 0.011. The warrants may  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only be subscribed for by Maha Energy Inc (the “Subsidiary”)  a subsidiary of the Company  after which the Subsidiary is to transfer the warrants to the Participants in accordance with the resolution adopted by the general meeting and instructions from the board of directors of the Company. Subscription of warrants shall be made by the Subsidiary on a subscription list following the general meeting’s issue resolution  but no later than 1 June 2022. The board of directors of the Company shall be entitled to prolong the subscription period. The warrants shall be issued without consideration (i.e. free of charge) to the Subsidiary. If all issued warrants are subscribed for by the Subsidiary  transferred to and exercised by the Participants for subscription of new Shares  the Company’s share capital will increase with SEK 13 168.727 (subject to potential recalculations in accordance with standard terms and conditions applicable to the warrants). The warrants may be exercised for subscription of new Shares during the period from and including 1 June 2025 until and including 1 June 2030. Warrants that have not been exercised for subscription of new Shares by 1 June 2030 shall lapse. Each warrant shall entitle the warrant holder to subscribe for one (1) new Share in the Company at a subscription price per Share (the “Exercise Price”) corresponding to 100% of the volume weighted average last closing price for the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the period from and including 24 May 2022 until and including 31 May 2022. Any amount that exceeds the quotient value shall be transferred to the nonrestricted share premium account. The Exercise Price thus calculated shall be rounded off to the nearest whole SEK 0.10  whereupon SEK 0.5 shall be rounded upwards. The Exercise Price may never be below the quotient value of the shares. The warrants are subject to customary recalculation conditions.Allocation principles to be applied in relation to ParticipantsWarrants subscribed for by the Subsidiary shall be transferred to the Participants in accordance with instructions from the board of directors of the Company and the principles set forth below. Any resolution to transfer warrants to the Participants shall be made by the board of directors unanimously. Jonas Lindvall will not participate in any resolution to transfer warrants to himself.The transfers of warrants from the Subsidiary to the Participants are to be made without consideration (i.e. free of charge).Warrants are granted under the incentive programme to senior executives of the Group  and are intended to align such individual’s and shareholder interests by attempting to create a direct relation between compensation and shareholder return. Participation in the incentive programme rewards overall corporate performance  as measured through the price of the shares in the Company. In addition  the incentive programme enables senior executives to develop and maintain a significant ownership position in the Company. No Participant may be offered more than 419 005 warrants.Allocated warrants may be exercised for subscription of new Shares in the Company during the period from and including 1 June 2025 until and including 1 June 2030. Subscription of new Shares may however not take place during so-called closed periods according to the EU Market Abuse Regulation  or otherwise in breach of relevant insider rules and regulations (including the Company’s internal guidelines in this respect).Warrant agreementAll warrants will be governed by warrant agreements to be entered into between each Participant and the Subsidiary in connection with the transfer of warrants from the Subsidiary. The warrant agreement will include a so-called vesting structure  certain transfer restrictions and other terms and conditions customary for such agreements. The vesting period until a share may be acquired may not be less than three years.Reasons for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rightsThe reasons for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights is that the Company wishes to offer warrants to the executive management of the Group in order to strengthen the retention of senior executives and to motivate them to contribute to the creation of shareholder value.Dilution  costs  etc.Upon full subscription  transfer and exercise of all 1 197 157 issued warrants; a total of 1 197 157 new Shares will be issued in the Company (subject to potential recalculations in accordance with standard terms and conditions applicable to the warrants). This would lead to a dilution corresponding to approx. 1 per cent of the total share capital and number of votes in the Company (based on the share capital and number of shares in the Company registered as of the date of this proposal and calculated as the maximum amount of share capital and number of shares that may be issued  divided by the total share capital and the total number of shares in the Company after the proposed warrants to be issued have been exercised).The incentive programme is expected to have a marginal effect on the Company's earnings per share. A preliminary estimate of the market value of the warrants is SEK 11.35 per warrant for the call period (as at 28 April 2022)  assuming subscription at the end of the exercise period and an underlying market value and exercise price of SEK 18.39 per share (as at 28 April 2022). The Black Scholes valuation model has been used for valuing the warrants and assumes a risk-free interest of 1.55 percent and a volatility of 58.54 percent.Costs related to the issuance of warrants under the incentive programme will be accounted for in accordance with IFRS 2 and recognized as an expense in the income statement during the vesting period. The preliminary estimate of total cost to be recorded during the term of the programme is SEK 13 588 809. Ongoing administration costs and other costs of the programme are minimal.Outstanding incentive programmesIn addition  2 532 429 warrants are outstanding under four (4) Long Term Incentive Programs for employees and senior management of the Group  of which the first program comprises of 500 000 warrants (“Program Three”)  the second program comprises of 460 000 warrants (“Program Four”)  the third program comprises of 1 048 286 warrants (“Program Five”)  and the fourth program comprises of 524 143 warrants (“Program Six”). Each warrant under the respective program entitles to subscribe for one new share in the Company. The exercise price of the warrants corresponds to 100 per cent of the volume weighted average last closing price for the Company’s share on Nasdaq First North Growth Market during the period from and including (i) 17 May 2019 until and including 23 May 2019 for Program Three  (ii) 20 May 2020 until and including 27 May 2020 for Program Four  (iii) 21 May 2021 until and including 27 May 2021 for Program Five  and (iv) 21 May 2021 until and including 27 May 2021 for Program Six. The warrants may be exercised from and including (i) 1 June 2022 until and including 28 February 2023 for Program Three  (ii) 1 June 2023 until and including 29 February 2024 for Program Four  (iii) 1 June 2024 until and including 28 February 2025 for Program Five  and (iv) 1 June 2023 until and including 29 February 2024 for Program Six.Approval of transfer of warrants from the Subsidiary to ParticipantsA resolution to issue warrants in accordance with this proposal also includes an approval of the transfers of warrants from the Subsidiary to the Participants.Preparation of the proposalThis proposal has been prepared by the board of directors (excluding Jonas Lindvall) together with external consultants. The final proposal has been presented by the board of directors (excluding Jonas Lindvall).Majority requirementsThis proposal to adopt the incentive programme and to issue warrants  as well as the approval of the transfers of warrants from the Subsidiary to the Participants  is governed by the provisions in Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. Aktiebolagslagen (2005:551))  and a valid resolution therefore requires that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing at least nine-tenths (9/10) of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the meeting.MiscellaneousThe chairman of the board of directors  the managing director or a person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorised to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 17. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to increase the share capitalThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves on an authorization for the board of directors to – for the period up to the next annual general meeting and at one or more occasions – resolve upon issuance of new shares  warrants and/or convertible debentures. Payment may be made in cash  in kind  through set-off of claims or otherwise be conditional. The company’s share capital may by support of the authorization be increased by an amount corresponding to 20 per cent of the share capital and number of shares in the company as of on the date the board of directors make use of the authorisation. Deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights shall be allowed in situations where a directed issue is deemed more appropriate for the company due to timing  commercial or similar reasons  and in order to enable acquisitions. The chairman of the board of directors  the managing director  or anyone authorized by the board of directors  shall have the right to make any minor adjustments required in order to register this resolution.Majority requirementsFor a valid decision on the proposal on an authorization for the board of directors  as outlined above  requires that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds (2/3) of the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Number of shares and votes in the companyThe total number of shares in the company at the time of issuance of this notice is 119 715 696 (119 715 696 A-shares and 0 B-shares) The total number of votes for all issued shares in the company is 119 715 696 votes. The company does not hold any of its own shares.Shareholders’ right to request informationPursuant to Chapter 7 section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) the board of directors and the managing director are under a duty to  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors deems that it can be made without material damage to the company  provide information  regarding circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda or of the company’s economic situation. Such duty to provide information also comprises the company’s relation to the other group companies  the consolidated financial statements and such circumstances regarding subsidiaries which are set out in the foregoing sentence.DocumentationThe financial accounts  auditor’s report  complete proposals for resolution and other documents to be dealt with at the general meeting will be kept available at the company’s office not later than three weeks before the meeting. The documents will be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their postal address. The documents will also be made available not later than the aforementioned date on the company’s website www.mahaenergy.ca. All the above mentioned documents will also be presented at the general meeting._____Stockholm  April 2022The board of directorsOffical version of notice to attend the annual general meetingThe official version of the notice to attend the annual general meeting is in the Swedish language and available at the following link: https://mahaenergy.ca/sv/bolagsstyrning/bolagsstamma.htmlFor more information  please contact:Jonas Lindvall (CEO)Tel: +46 8 611 05 11jonas@mahaenergy.caVictoria Berg (Investor Relations)Tel: +46 8 611 05 11victoria@mahaenergy.caMiscellaneousThe information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person set out above  18:30 CET on 29 April  2022.About MahaMaha Energy AB (publ) is a listed  international upstream oil and gas company whose business activities include exploration  development and production of crude oil and natural gas. The strategy is to target and develop underperforming hydrocarbon assets on global basis. Maha operates four oil fields: Tartaruga and Tie in Brazil  Powder River (LAK Ranch) and Illinois Basin in the United States. The shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm ( MAHA-A ). The head office is in Stockholm  Sweden with a technical office in Calgary  Canada  as well as operations offices in Grayville  Illinois  USA and Rio De Janeiro  Brazil. For more information  please visit our website www.mahaenergy.caAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.22,0.37,0.41,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Maha Energy AB', 'Notice', 'Swedish Central Securities Depository', 'P.O. Box', 'Banco BTG Pactual', 'Henrik Morén', 'last financial year', 'Maha Energy AB', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB', 'daytime telephone number', 'attorney Marcus Nivinger', 'personal identification number', 'Voting rights registration', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'annual general meeting', 'corporate registration number', 'Nominee registered shares', 'Kvalitena AB', 'Personal data', 'voting list', 'annual report', 'Grev Turegatan', 'Clearing Organisation', 'record day', 'Magnus Melin', 'magnus.melin', 'other documents', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'equivalent documents', 'original version', 'two (2) persons', 'managing director', 'nomination committee', 'share class', 'incentive programme', 'executive management', 'share capital', 'Christer Lindholm', 'Edwyn Neves', 'Jonas Lindvall', 'Harald Pousette', 'available funds', 'deputy au', 'consolidated profit', 'registration certificates', 'Tuesday 31 May', 'Tuesday 24 May', 'temporary entry', 'register entry', 'full name', 'attorney forms', 'loss statement', 'remuneration report', 'new account', 'Friday 20 May', 'shareholders’ register', 'auditors', 'publ', 'notice', 'Stockholm', 'company', 'attendance', 'assistant', 'Notification', 'letter', 'Attn', 'mail', 'address', 'information', 'representative', 'proxy', 'order', 'powers', 'authority', 'proxies', 'preparation', 'minutes', 'transcription', 'advance', 'Story', 'website', 'mahaenergy', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'Determination', 'Submission', 'group', 'Resolution', 'respect', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'members', 'board', 'directors', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'principles', 'appointment', 'instructions', 'changes', 'articles', 'association', 'removal', 'issuance', 'warrants', 'LTIP', 'authorization', 'Closing', 'Item', 'dividend', '3:00', '2:30']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3890,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/welcome-eqt-ab-annual-shareholders-063900697.html,WELCOME TO THE EQT AB ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING 2022,"Conditions for participation Shareholders who wish to participate in the Meeting must be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") concerning to the ...","STOCKHOLM  April 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of EQT AB (publ) (""EQT"") are given notice of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting (the ""Meeting"") to be held on Wednesday 1 June 2022 at 16.00 CEST.EQT's registration number is 556849-4180  and its registered office is in Stockholm  Sweden.Conditions for participationShareholders who wish to participate in the Meeting must be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") concerning to the circumstances on Monday 23 May 2022.In addition  the shareholders must give notice of their participation in the Meeting:Shareholders who choose to participate in  and vote at  the Meeting online (i.e. participate electronically) must give notice of participation no later than Wednesday 25 May 2022. Notice of participation may be submitted by e-mail to proxy@computershare.se (with reference to ""EQT AGM 2022"")  by mail to Computershare AB  ""EQT AGM 2022""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden  or by telephone to Computershare AB +46 8 46 00 73 80. Natural persons with BankID are primarily asked to submit their notice of participation on EQT's website  www.eqtgroup.com/AGMThose who choose to vote in advance must give notice of participation by submitting their advance vote in accordance with the instructions in the ""Advance voting"" section below so that the advance vote is received by Computershare AB no later than Tuesday 31 May 2022.When giving notice of participation  please state name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and e-mail address.To be entitled to participate in the Meeting  in addition to providing notification of participation  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register as of Monday 23 May 2022. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed no later than the second banking day after Monday 23 May 2022 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Story continuesOnline participation and votingEQT welcomes all shareholders to participate in  and vote at  the Meeting online.If you wish to participate in the Meeting online you must give notice no later than Wednesday 25 May 2022 as instructed above. If you wish to be represented by proxy online  this must be notified within the same time and in the same manner as stated above and a power of attorney and other relevant supporting documents must be attached.You will receive an email with log in instructions on or around 26 May 2022. On the day of the Meeting  you can log in from 15.00 CEST  and you must have logged in no later than 16.00 CEST. You are welcome to log in to test your connection and to verify proper technical functionality and acquaint yourself with the system from and including Friday 27 May 2022 at 16.00 CEST to and including Monday 30 May 2022 at 10.00 CEST. Please note that you must log in again on the day of the Meeting in accordance with the above to be able to participate in and vote at the Meeting.In connection with each proposal for which online voting is conducted  you will be able to choose between the alternatives ""Yes""  ""No"" or ""Abstain"". For online participants  the following rules apply (which the participant accepts by choosing to participate online). There will be no opportunity to speak  present proposals or objections or request voting. The Board has resolved that external persons have the right to follow the Meeting as it is not possible to verify if any external persons follow the Meeting online.It will be possible to ask questions online during the Meeting through a chat function. The ambition is that all questions shall be presented and answered  but the number  as well as the type of questions  may entail that not all questions are presented and answered in the Meeting. A moderator will categorize questions asked to facilitate for the chairperson and to avoid repetitions.In order to participate and vote online  you must have a steady network connection throughout the Meeting and the web browser on your computer  smartphone or tablet shall be updated to the latest software version and operating system etc. More information can be found in the email with your log in instructions. EQT has carefully prepared to enable participation and voting online. However  it cannot be ruled out that any technical complication entails functional deficiencies. If this happens  or if the participation online otherwise did not work as intended  the Meeting will be held disregarding online votes that would otherwise have been casted. Therefore  it is important to note that if you want to be certain of being able to vote  you should vote in advance. See further information in the ""Advance voting"" section below.Advance votingAs an alternative to online voting  shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Meeting by voting in advance  so called postal voting in accordance with section 22 of the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.Shareholders who vote in advance may follow the Meeting online by requesting this in the form for advance voting.To vote in advance  please use the form for advance voting available on www.eqtgroup.com/AGM. A shareholder who is exercising its voting right through advance voting does not need to give notice of its participation in the Meeting separately. The advance voting form also constitutes notification of participation in the Meeting.The completed and signed form must be received by Computershare AB (administering the forms on behalf of EQT) no later than Tuesday 31 May 2022  either by using BankID  by e-mail to proxy@computershare.se (with reference ""EQT AGM 2022"") or by mail to Computershare AB  ""EQT AGM 2022""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. If the shareholder votes in advance by proxy  the power of attorney shall be enclosed to the form or submitted in accordance with the instructions in the form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or a relevant supporting document shall be enclosed to the form or submitted in accordance with the instructions in the form. The shareholder may not add any specific instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote will be invalid.Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.Questions and shareholders' right to receive informationThe shareholders are reminded of their right to receive information from the Board and the CEO in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act. Requests for such information shall be submitted by e-mail to agm@eqtgroup.com or by mail to EQT AB  ""AGM 2022""  Box SE-164 09 Stockholm  Sweden  no later than 22 May 2022. Requested information will be made available at EQT's head office at Regeringsgatan 25 in Stockholm  Sweden  and on EQT's website  www.eqtgroup.com/AGM  no later than 27 May 2022. Requested information will also within the same time be sent free of charge to the shareholder who has made the request and stated its postal address. For information about the possibility to ask questions when participating online  see the section ""Online participation and voting"" above.Shares and votesAs per the date of this notice  EQT's share capital amounts to SEK 100 249 201.40 represented by 1 002 492 014 shares divided into 993 828 524 ordinary shares and 8 663 490 class C shares. Ordinary shares carry one vote while class C shares carry 1/10th vote. As per the date of this notice  EQT holds 7 564 479 own class C shares  corresponding to 756 447.9 votes  which cannot be represented in the Meeting.Proposed agendaOpening of the Meeting Election of chairperson of the Meeting Election of one or two persons who shall approve the minutes of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened Presentation by the CEO Presentation of the annual report as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditors' report Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet  as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet Resolution regarding allocation of EQT's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet Resolution regarding discharge of liability for the Board members and the CEO Resolution on: Resolution on: Election of Board members and Chairperson of the Board Election of auditors and deputy auditors Resolution on principles for appointment of the nomination committee Presentation of the Boards' remuneration report for approval Resolution on guidelines for remuneration to executive management Resolution on authorization for the Board to issue shares and warrants Resolution on authorization for the Board to issue shares as part of the consideration for the acquisition of BPEA Closing of the MeetingThe Boards' proposalsItem 10 – Allocation of EQT's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheetThe Board proposes a dividend to the shareholders of SEK 2.80 per share for fiscal year 2021. The dividend is proposed to be paid out in two installments. At the first installment  SEK 1.40 with record date 3 June 2022. At the second installment  SEK 1.40 with record date 1 December 2022. Should the Meeting resolve in favor of the proposal  payment of the dividend is expected to be facilitated by Euroclear on 9 June 2022 and on 6 December 2022  respectively.Item 18 – Guidelines for remuneration to executive managementThe Board seeks to attain a remuneration system for the CEO  other members of the executive management (ExCom) and other employees which is in line with market conditions and competitive  so that EQT is able to recruit  motivate and retain qualified personnel and the best talent.The guidelines for executive remuneration proposed by the board of directors are included in full below.Guidelines for executive remuneration (remuneration policy)The CEO  the deputy CEO and other members of the Executive Committee (executive management) fall within the provisions of these guidelines. To the extent a board member conducts work for EQT  in addition to the board work  consulting fees and other compensation for such work may be paid. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the annual shareholders' meeting 2022. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration separately decided or approved by the shareholders' meeting.EQT has a clear remuneration philosophy (including for variable cash) applicable across the whole group which also governs the remuneration to the Executive Committee and links compensation to EQT AB Group's business strategy  sustainability  long-term interests and long-term value growth for its shareholders.Most important is to incentivize fund performance and ensure aligned interest with our limited partners in the EQT funds  EQT AB's shareholders as well as EQT's long term approach. EQT is a performance driven organization focused on long-term value creation in line with our culture. Team performance and individual performance are important – therefore we reward both. Performance is key to our success and we award higher performance with higher compensation.To be able to achieve the business goals  EQT needs to be able to attract and retain world class talent suitable for each role. To achieve this  EQT applies market competitive total compensation.EQT compensates locally based on geography and in line with local practice and regulations  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.The principles in these guidelines enable EQT AB to offer the Executive Committee a competitive total remuneration.For more information regarding the EQT AB Group's business strategy  please see EQT AB's webpage  www.eqtgroup.com.EQT Share programAn incentive program  the EQT Share program  has been implemented in the EQT AB Group. The EQT Share program has been resolved by the shareholders' meeting and is therefore excluded from these guidelines. The program includes members of the Executive Committee in EQT AB. The performance criteria used to assess the outcome of the program are distinctly linked to the EQT AB Group's business strategy  sustainability  long-term interests and value growth for its shareholders. These performance criteria comprise financial targets  inter alia  revenue growth and EBITDA  and in addition thereto the general competitiveness as well as the individual meeting or exceeding EQT AB's highly set expectations on adding value to the EQT platform. The participants will invest a variable amount (financed by EQT) in C shares after a performance year  whereupon a three-year (approximately) holding period follows. For more information regarding the EQT Share program  including the criteria which the outcome depends on  please see EQT AB's annual report  available on eqtgroup.com/shareholders#reports-and-presentations.Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed remuneration  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Additionally  the shareholders' meeting may – irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration.Fixed remunerationThe fixed remuneration  i.e. base salary  should be competitive and reflect responsibility and performance.Variable remunerationThe satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration  within the EQT Bonus program  shall be measured over a period of one year. The variable cash remuneration may amount to no more than 200 percent of the annual base salary.The EQT Bonus program consists of a performance assessment of the business as well as an individual performance assessment. Important business performance factors determining the size of the bonus is the success of the underlying business measured by business performance in the funds (investments and exits as well as portfolio and fund performance)  business profitability  fundraising  sustainability as well as organizational development. The individual performance is assessed versus agreed targets as well as meeting  exceeding or not meeting high set individual performance expectations for the individual in the current role.To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the measurement period has ended. The remuneration committee shall be responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable remuneration to the CEO. For variable cash remuneration to other members of the Executive Committee  the CEO shall be responsible for the evaluation. For financial objectives  the evaluation shall be based on the latest financial information made public by EQT AB.The Executive Committee partly consists of owners of EQT AB. Owners that owned above 1.5 percent of the shares of EQT AB at IPO may not be comprised by the EQT Bonus program  i.e. variable cash remuneration  nor the EQT Share program. Therefore  total remuneration for part of the Executive Committee consists of base salary  pension benefits and other benefits.PensionAll members of the Executive Committee shall be covered by defined contribution pension plans  for which pension premiums shall be based on the members' base salary and paid by the company during the period of employment. For current members of the Executive Committee pension contributions shall be based on base salary and follow contribution levels in accordance with local market practice  except for the application of a cap. For Sweden  this means that it shall be comparable to the old BTP-plan with a contribution cap for base salary exceeding 40 Income base amounts. The pension premiums shall amount to no more than 25 percent of the annual base salary.Other benefitsOther benefits  such as insurances (health  life  travel)  sports contributions or occupational health services  should be payable to the extent this is considered to be in line with market conditions in the market concerned. Premiums and other costs relating to such benefits may amount to no more than 25 percent of the annual base salary.Termination of employment and terms for severance pay for the CEOA twelve month notice period will apply if notice is given by the CEO or EQT AB. The CEO's employment terms include a non-competition clause. If used  this would entitle the employee to an additional compensation corresponding to a maximum of twelve months' salary  however  reduced by any remuneration paid by a new employer.Termination of employment and terms for severance pay for senior executivesIn the event of notice being given by the EQT AB Group  a notice period of nine months applies  while in the event of notice being given by the senior executive a period of notice of six months applies. The senior executives' employment terms also include a non-competition clause. If used  this entitles the employee to an additional compensation corresponding to a maximum of nine months' salary  however  reduced by any remuneration paid by a new employer. Base salary during the notice period and severance pay may not together exceed an amount corresponding to the base salary for eighteen months. When termination is made by the executive  the notice period may not exceed six months  without any right to severance pay.Salary and employment conditions for employees taken into account during preparations of these guidelinesIn the preparation of the board of directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the EQT AB Group have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the remuneration committee's and the board of directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe board of directors has established a remuneration committee. The committee's tasks include preparing the board of directors' decision to propose guidelines for executive remuneration. The board of directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the shareholders' meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the shareholders' meeting. The remuneration committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the Executive Committee  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the EQT AB Group. The members of the remuneration committee  apart from Conni Jonsson  are independent of EQT AB and its Executive Committee. The CEO and other members of the Executive Committee do not participate in the board of directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Deviation from the guidelinesThe board of directors may temporarily resolve to deviate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there may be special cause for the deviation and a deviation should be necessary to serve the EQT AB Group's business strategy  sustainability  long-term interests and long-term value growth for its shareholders  or to ensure the EQT AB Group's financial viability. As set out above  the remuneration committee's tasks include preparing the board of directors' resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to deviate from the guidelines.Description of material changes to the guidelines and how the views of shareholders' have been taken into considerationCompared to the guidelines previously adopted  the variable cash remuneration has been increased from no more than 100 percent of the annual base salary to no more than 200 percent of the annual base salary. The increase has been made in order for EQT to be able to attract and retain world class talent and be more closely aligned to the wider EQT remuneration philosophy.Item 19 – Authorization for the Board to issue shares and warrantsThe Board proposes that the Meeting resolves to authorize the Board to  during the period until the next Annual Shareholders' Meeting  on one or more occasions  resolve upon issuances of new shares and/or warrants to be paid in cash  by way of set-off and/or in kind. Shares and/or warrants may be issued without preferential rights for the shareholders of EQT AB. The number of shares and/or warrants issued may not correspond to a dilution of more than 10 percent of the total number of shares outstanding at the Meeting's resolution on the proposed authorization  after full exercise of the hereby proposed authorization.The purpose of the authorization is to provide flexibility for acquisitions of companies  businesses or parts thereof  as well as to increase financial flexibility for EQT and broaden the shareholder base. Any issue of new shares resolved upon pursuant to this authorization shall be made at market terms and conditions  taking into account the transaction as a whole. Warrants may be issued free of charge.Item 20 – Authorization for the Board to issue shares as part of the consideration for the acquisition of BPEATo ensure delivery of the shares that are part of the consideration for the acquisition of Baring Private Equity Asia (""BPEA"") as announced in press release on 16 March 2022  the Board proposes that the Meeting resolves to authorize the Board to  during the period until the next Annual Shareholders' Meeting  on one or several occasions  resolve upon issuances of new ordinary shares to be paid in kind. The shares may be issued without preferential rights for the shareholders of EQT AB. The number of ordinary shares issued may not exceed 191 200 000 shares  corresponding to a dilution of approximately 16 percent of the total number of shares outstanding.The purpose of the authorization is to enable partial payment of the acquisition of BPEA.The Chairperson of the Board and the CEO respectively  or a person appointed by either of them  is proposed to be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this decision that may be necessary and desirable in connection with the registration of the decision with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB.The nomination committee's proposalsThe nomination committee  consisting of Jacob Wallenberg (Investor AB  Chairperson of the nomination committee)  Harry Klagsbrun (Bark Partners AB)  Shireesh Vasupalli (Lennart Blecher)  Hans Sterte (Alecta) and Conni Jonsson (Chairperson of the Board)  jointly representing approximately 38 percent of the voting rights for all the shares in EQT as of 31 August 2021  proposes the following:Item 2 – The chairperson of the MeetingAttorney Erik Sjöman or  in case he is prevented  the person assigned by the nomination committee instead.Item 12a – The number of Board members who shall be appointed by the MeetingEight Board members without deputy Board members  conditional upon that necessary regulatory approvals from the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the Swedish Supervisory Authority with respect to Brooks Entwistle are obtained no later than 31 October 2022 (the ""Approvals"")  and otherwise seven Board members without deputy Board members.Item 12b – The number of auditors and deputy auditors who shall be appointed by the MeetingOne registered auditing company as auditor and no deputy auditors.Item 13a – Fees to the BoardA total cash compensation to the Board of EUR 1 474 000 (EUR 1 330 000)  to be allocated as follows:EUR 1 214 000 (EUR 1 150 000)  whereof EUR 290 000 (EUR 275 000) to the Chairperson and EUR 132 000 (EUR 125 000) to each of the other Board members who are not employed by the company  andEUR 260 000 (EUR 180 000) as compensation for work in the Board committees  to be allocated as follows:Should the Approvals not be obtained  the total cash compensation to the Board will instead be EUR 1 342 000.The nomination committee recommends Board members (who do not already have such holding) to acquire  over a three-year period  listed EQT AB shares corresponding to at least one year's board compensation  before taxes  excl. compensation for committee work.Item 13b – Fees to the auditorsAuditors' fees are proposed to be paid upon approval of their invoice.Item 14 – The Board members and Chairperson of the BoardThe following persons are proposed for re-election as Board members for the period until the end of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023: Conni Jonsson  Margo Cook  Johan Forssell  Nicola Kimm  Diony Lebot  Gordon Orr and Marcus Wallenberg. Conni Jonsson is proposed to be re-elected as Chairperson of the Board.Brooks Entwistle is proposed to be elected as new Board member  conditional upon the Approvals being obtained.Item 15 – The auditors and deputy auditorsThe registered auditing company KPMG AB is proposed to be re-elected as auditor for the period until the end of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023. KPMG AB has informed that  subject to the approval of the proposal from the nomination committee regarding auditor  authorized public accountant Håkan Reising will continue to be the auditor in charge for the audit. The nomination committee's proposal is consistent with the audit committee's recommendation.Item 16 – Principles for appointment of the nomination committeeThe nomination committee proposes that the Meeting resolves on changes to the principles for appointment of the nomination committee.Principles for appointment of a nomination committee in EQT AB (the ""Company"").The nomination committee shall comprise one member appointed by each of the four largest shareholders  based on ownership in the Company on the last banking day of August the year before the annual shareholders' meeting  and the Chairperson of the Board. If any shareholder renounces its right to appoint a member to the nomination committee  such right shall transfer to the shareholder who is the next largest shareholder in the Company. If none of the four largest shareholders is (a) a Partner in EQT Foundation Partner Committee (""EQT Partner"") or (b) EQT Foundation  the fourth largest shareholder's right shall instead vest in EQT Foundation. Thus  an EQT Partner or EQT Foundation shall always be allowed to appoint a member of the nomination committee. If EQT Foundation renounces such right  the right shall transfer to the fourth largest shareholder pursuant to section 1. The member appointed by the largest shareholder shall be appointed Chairperson of the nomination committee  unless the nomination committee unanimously appoints someone else. The Chairperson of the nomination committee shall not be a Board member of the Company.If a shareholder (pursuant to section 1 or section 2) that has appointed a member to the nomination committee is no longer one of the shareholders who is given such right  at any point in time up to three months before the annual shareholders' meeting: If a member resigns from the nomination committee before his or her work is completed  the shareholder (pursuant to section 1 or section 2) who has appointed such member shall appoint a new member  unless section 4 is applicable. A shareholder (pursuant to section 1 or section 2) who has appointed a member to the nomination committee shall have the right to dismiss such member and appoint a new member. Changes to the composition of the nomination committee shall be disclosed publicly as soon as possible. The nomination committee's appointment ends when the next nomination committee has been appointed. If needed  the Company shall reimburse reasonable costs which the nomination committee deems necessary in order for the nomination committee to fulfill its assignment. These instructions shall apply until further notice.Proposals with respect to persons to approve the minutes and voting listItem 3 – Persons to approve the minutesHarry Klagsbrun and Anna Magnusson or  to the extent both or any of them are prevented  the person or persons assigned by the nomination committee are proposed as persons to approve the minutes. The assignment for the persons to approve the minutes includes verifying the voting list and confirming that advance votes received are correctly reflected in the minutes of the Meeting.Item 4 – Voting listThe voting list proposed for approval under item 4 on the agenda is the voting list prepared by Computershare AB on behalf of EQT based on the shareholders' register and verified by the persons elected to approve the minutes.Majority rulesThe Boards' proposal under item 19 on the agenda is subject to the approval at the Meeting with at least 2/3 of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the Meeting.Further informationInformation about all persons proposed as Board members and the nomination committee's motivated statement regarding the proposal for the Board can be found on EQT's website: www.eqtgroup.com/AGM.The annual report  the remuneration report and other documents are available at EQT's head office at Regeringsgatan 25 in Stockholm  Sweden and on EQT's website: www.eqtgroup.com/AGM. These documents  together with information regarding the persons proposed as Board members  information about the proposed auditor and the nomination committee's motivated statement are presented by being available on EQT's website and at EQT's head office in accordance with the above. They will also be sent free of charge to the shareholders who so request and state their postal address. The shareholders' register for the Meeting is made available at EQT's head office.Proxy forms for shareholders who wish to vote in advance or participate and vote online by proxy are available on EQT's website: www.eqtgroup.com/AGM  and will be sent free of charge to the shareholders who so request and state their postal address.For information on how personal data is processed  see: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Stockholm  April 2022EQT AB (publ)The BoardThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/eqt/r/welcome-to-the-eqt-ab-annual-shareholders--meeting-2022 c3556440The following files are available for download:",neutral,0.22,0.76,0.03,mixed,0.12,0.17,0.71,True,English,"[""ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", 'EQT AB', 'WELCOME', 'THE', 'other relevant supporting documents', 'latest software version', 'proper technical functionality', 'personal identification number', 'corporate registration number', 'second banking day', 'steady network connection', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'voting right registration', 'Advance voting"" section', ""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Such registration', 'technical complication', 'Wednesday 1 June', 'registered office', 'Natural persons', 'right registrations', 'same manner', 'online participants', 'external persons', 'chat function', 'web browser', 'functional deficiencies', 'online votes', 'Computershare AB', 'online voting', 'Monday 23 May', 'Wednesday 25 May', 'Tuesday 31 May', 'Monday 30 May', 'advance vote', 'telephone number', 'share register', 'EQT AB', 'same time', 'operating system', 'More information', 'state name', 'Online participation', 'EQT AGM', 'mail address', '26 May', 'STOCKHOLM', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'notice', '16.00 CEST', 'Conditions', 'circumstances', 'addition', 'proxy', 'reference', 'Box', 'BankID', 'website', 'eqtgroup', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'notification', 'shares', 'nominee', 'procedures', 'account', 'Story', 'power', 'attorney', 'email', 'log', 'Friday', 'proposal', 'alternatives', 'rules', 'opportunity', 'objections', 'Board', 'questions', 'ambition', 'type', 'moderator', 'chairperson', 'repetitions', 'order', 'smartphone', 'tablet', '15.00', '10.00']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3891,Euroclear,Bing API,https://au.finance.yahoo.com/news/russian-sanctions-euroclear-capital-headache-102316549.html,Russian sanctions give Euroclear a capital headache,LONDON  April 27 (Reuters) - Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Wednesday it has delayed paying a dividend as it may need to set aside more capital to cover a swelling balance sheet due to Russian sanctions. Belgium-based Euroclear  owned by an ...,"By Huw JonesLONDON  April 27 (Reuters) - Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Wednesday it has delayed paying a dividend as it may need to set aside more capital to cover a swelling balance sheet due to Russian sanctions.Belgium-based Euroclear  owned by an array of big banks and exchanges like the London Stock Exchange and Euronext  ensures transactions are completed with cash exchanged for legal ownership of assets.After Russia invaded Ukraine  the European Union barred Euroclear and rival Clearstream from serving Russian customers from Feb. 28 as Western powers severed ties with the country's financial system.Euroclear said on Wednesday that during the first quarter its balance sheet rose by 23 billion euros ($24.41 billion) year-on-year  or nearly 80%.""We do not expect these sanctions to affect our financial performance "" Euroclear said in a statement.It was now looking at what this means for ""potential regulatory capital requirements"" as the cashpile is expected to keep growing as sanctions remain in place for months  if not years  and redemptions and coupon payments on Russian assets fall due but can't be transferred to underlying parties.Euroclear is looking to reinvest the money in money market funds or instruments such as short term commercial paper while the sanctions last  and risk from such investments typically need to be covered by capital in case they turn sour.""In light of these circumstances  the board of Euroclear considers it to be prudent to wait until the second half of 2022 to formally decide on the dividend payment of 88.5 euros per share  equating to a total of 279 million euros as announced in its full-year results "" Euroclear said.Euroclear said net profit in the first quarter rose by 11% to 134 million euros.($1 = 0.9422 euros) (Reporting by Huw Jones  Editing by Louise Heavens)",negative,0.02,0.09,0.9,negative,0.02,0.25,0.73,True,English,"['Russian sanctions', 'capital headache', 'Euroclear', 'short term commercial paper', 'potential regulatory capital requirements', 'Securities settlement house', 'swelling balance sheet', 'London Stock Exchange', 'money market funds', 'Huw Jones', 'big banks', 'legal ownership', 'European Union', 'Russian customers', 'Western powers', 'financial system', 'first quarter', 'financial performance', 'coupon payments', 'underlying parties', 'second half', 'full-year results', 'net profit', 'Louise Heavens', '23 billion euros', '279 million euros', '134 million euros', 'Russian assets', 'dividend payment', 'Russian sanctions', 'Belgium-based Euroclear', '88.5 euros', '0.9422 euros', 'Reuters', 'Wednesday', 'array', 'exchanges', 'Euronext', 'transactions', 'Ukraine', 'rival', 'Clearstream', 'Feb.', 'country', 'statement', 'cashpile', 'place', 'months', 'years', 'redemptions', 'instruments', 'risk', 'investments', 'case', 'light', 'circumstances', 'board', 'share', 'total']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,au.finance.yahoo.com
3892,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Earlier this week  experts from Transcend  Acadia and Euroclear came together to discuss the many challenges faced… https://t.co/tPy6KyuFqO,nan,Earlier this week  experts from Transcend  Acadia and Euroclear came together to discuss the many challenges faced… https://t.co/tPy6KyuFqO,neutral,0.05,0.8,0.15,neutral,0.05,0.8,0.15,True,English,"['many challenges', 'experts', 'Transcend', 'Acadia', 'Euroclear', 'tPy6KyuFqO', 'many challenges', 'experts', 'Transcend', 'Acadia', 'Euroclear', 'tPy6KyuFqO']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,Unknown
3893,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Meet them at the Top Women Tech Summit 20 May 2022 https://t.co/0cLuOuYjqT@Euroclear @McKinsey @Swisscom @VW… https://t.co/wGhD6Vcrn8,nan,Meet them at the Top Women Tech Summit 20 May 2022 https://t.co/0cLuOuYjqT@Euroclear @McKinsey @Swisscom @VW… https://t.co/wGhD6Vcrn8,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Top Women Tech Summit', '0cLuOuYjqT', 'Euroclear', 'McKinsey', 'Swisscom', 'VW', 'wGhD6Vcrn8', 'Top Women Tech Summit', '0cLuOuYjqT', 'Euroclear', 'McKinsey', 'Swisscom', 'VW', 'wGhD6Vcrn8']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,Unknown
3894,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear delivers a strong Q1 performance - https://t.co/kO8GbEQwBG https://t.co/JH7XbH2YMo,nan,Euroclear delivers a strong Q1 performance - https://t.co/kO8GbEQwBG https://t.co/JH7XbH2YMo,neutral,0.36,0.62,0.02,neutral,0.36,0.62,0.02,True,English,"['strong Q1 performance', 'Euroclear', 'kO8GbEQwBG', 'JH7XbH2YMo', 'strong Q1 performance', 'Euroclear', 'kO8GbEQwBG', 'JH7XbH2YMo']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,Unknown
3895,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.morganlewis.com/pubs/2022/04/update-russia-limits-transactions-with-shares-received-upon-cancellation-of-dr-programs,Update: Russia Limits Transactions with Shares Received Upon Cancellation of DR Programs,6 hours ago,LawFlash Update: Russia Limits Transactions with Shares Received Upon Cancellation of DR Programs April 29  2022The delisting of Russian issuers’ depositary receipts could potentially lead to a disproportional increase in sales of underlying shares in the Russian stock market and contribute to its volatility. In response to this challenge  Russia’s Central Bank introduced a limit on transactions with shares received upon cancellation of depositary receipts.Russia’s Federal Law No. 114-FZ of April 16  2022 (the Delisting Law) entered into force on April 27  2022 (the Effective Date). The Delisting Law prohibits Russian issuers from having their shares (Russian shares or underlying shares) traded outside Russia via depositary receipts (DRs) absent government approval.It is anticipated that the process of cancelling the DRs and delivering the underlying Russian shares (also known as the DR conversion) may extend well beyond the Effective Date. At the same time  the Delisting Law clearly states that only those investors who held DRs as of the Effective Date will be entitled to receive the underlying Russian shares. This creates some further practical difficulties for the DR conversion.Obstacles Related to DR ConversionDR holders face a number of practical issues that complicate the DR conversion:International settlement and clearing systems Euroclear and Clearstream blocked or imposed restrictions on accounts with Russia’s National Settlement Depository  and this might result in difficulties (or impossibility) in transferring and converting DRs using these systems.A DR holder might need to instruct a broker or similar institution to surrender the DRs and/or accept the underlying shares  and such broker may be unable to accept or fulfill this instruction in the current geopolitical environment.A DR holder may be restricted from holding Russian shares directly under their investment declarations or applicable legal and sanctions regimes.There are current Russian legal restrictions on disposing of  or repatriating income from  Russian shares owned by investors from the so-called “unfriendly states.”In practice  it appears that for an investor to keep enjoying their rights to the underlying shares as to the previously held DRs  such investor should be the one who can open a shares account directly with a Russian broker or custodian and who is not an unfriendly state resident or controlled by such resident. In view of this  based on market reports  foreign DR holders were increasingly selling the DRs to Russian residents before the Effective Date  including through over-the-counter transactions.Limitation on Transactions with Underlying SharesThe Central Bank of Russia (CBR) has noticed this trend of Russian residents acquiring DRs from nonresidents for their conversion into underlying shares and further sale in Russia. To prevent a disproportionate increase in the offering of shares on the Russian stock market  the CBR introduced restrictions on transactions with underlying shares obtained through the DR conversion.On April 27  2022  the CBR ordered Russian custodians tokeep a special record of the Russian shares received as a result of the DR conversion (the converted shares)  andfor each deponent  limit sales of converted shares during any particular trading day to 0.2% of the total number of the converted shares obtained by the deponent from April 27  2022  to the date preceding the date of sale.The above rules apply for six months unless revoked earlier.Notably  these restrictions apply to both exchange and over-the-counter transactions.These measures do not apply to the converted shares obtained by a Russian resident  provided that such Russian residentacquired the DRs before March 1  2022  orreceived an approval of the Government Commission on Control over Foreign Investments (the FDI Commission) in order to acquire the DRs.Important ConsiderationsThe Delisting Law implies that any DR holder who has purchased DRs after the Effective Date would not be able to exercise the conversion rights. In practice  this restricts the possibility of a DR holder to sell the DRs after the Effective Date  although in theory it should still be possible to sell the beneficial interest in the DRs after the Effective Date as long as the legal title to the DRs (and  following the conversion  to the underlying Russian shares) remains with the seller who held the DRs on the Effective Date.At the same time  any DR holder who successfully completes the conversion will not be able to freely sell the converted shares. Due to the limit on the number of shares that can be sold  the sale of the converted shares may take several months. The sale of converted shares to Russian purchasers by persons from “unfriendly states” or controlled by such persons is generally prohibited absent approval from the FDI Commission. This also impacts the timing and possibility to sell.Ukraine Conflict: How to Maintain Global Business ContinuityOur lawyers have long been trusted advisers to clients navigating the complex and quickly changing global framework of international sanctions. Because companies must closely monitor evolving government guidance to understand what changes need to be made to their global operations to maintain business continuity  we offer this centralized portal to share our insights and analyses. To receive the latest updates  subscribe to our Ukraine Conflict: How to Maintain Global Business Continuity mailing list.Trainee associate Maxim Sidorenko contributed to this LawFlash.ContactsIf you have any questions or would like more information on the issues discussed in this LawFlash  please contact any of the following Morgan Lewis lawyers:Ukraine Conflict Task ForceGiovanna M. CinelliAlexey ChertovJoanna ChristoforouBruce JohnstonSabine KonradGrigory MarinichevMichael MaslingKenneth J. NunnenkampGeorgia M. QuenbyChristina RennerMelanie RyanPeter SharpVasilisa StrizhPierre TrippelCarl A. ValensteinHeather SearsAbaigael R. CliffordDr. Axel SpiesJiazhen (Ivon) GuoKatelyn M. HilfertyNicola KellyChristian KozlowskiDaniel Lopez RusMaximilian PikaCharles C. RushEli Rymland-KellyPolina Sizikova,negative,0.03,0.43,0.55,negative,0.02,0.22,0.76,True,English,"['DR Programs', 'Update', 'Russia', 'Transactions', 'Shares', 'Cancellation', 'Russian issuers’ depositary receipts', 'current Russian legal restrictions', 'current geopolitical environment', 'particular trading day', 'Global Business Continuity', 'National Settlement Depository', 'Russian stock market', 'The Central Bank', 'The Delisting Law', 'unfriendly state resident', 'foreign DR holders', 'underlying Russian shares', 'applicable legal', 'market reports', 'legal title', 'International settlement', 'Foreign Investments', 'Russian residents', 'Russian custodians', 'Russian purchasers', 'Federal Law', 'unfriendly states', 'underlying shares', 'DR Programs', 'LawFlash Update', 'disproportional increase', 'same time', 'practical issues', 'similar institution', 'investment declarations', 'sanctions regimes', 'disproportionate increase', 'special record', 'six months', 'Government Commission', 'FDI Commission', 'Important Considerations', 'beneficial interest', 'several months', 'Ukraine Conflict', 'Russian broker', 'Effective Date', 'shares account', 'DR conversion', 'practical difficulties', 'clearing systems', 'converted shares', 'government approval', 'counter transactions', 'total number', 'conversion rights', 'Cancellation', 'sales', 'volatility', 'response', 'challenge', 'limit', 'FZ', 'April', 'force', 'DRs', 'process', 'investors', 'Obstacles', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'accounts', 'impossibility', 'transferring', 'instruction', 'income', 'practice', 'one', 'view', 'CBR', 'trend', 'nonresidents', 'offering', 'result', 'rules', 'exchange', 'measures', 'March', 'Control', 'order', 'theory', 'seller', 'persons', 'timing', 'lawyers', 'advisers', 'clients', 'complex', 'qu']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,morganlewis.com
3896,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+424B2+SVB+FINANCIAL+GROUP/19979740.html,Form 424B2 SVB FINANCIAL GROUP,1 day ago,Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2)Registration No. 333-234713PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT(To Prospectus Dated November 15  2019)SVB Financial Group$350 000 000 4.345% Senior Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes due 2028$450 000 000 4.570% Senior Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes due 2033We are offering by this prospectus supplement $350 000 000 principal amount of our 4.345% Senior Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes). The 2028 Notes will mature on April 29  2028 and initially bear interest at 4.345% per annum  payable semi-annually in arrears on April 29 and October 29 of each year  commencing on October 29  2022 and ending on April 29  2027. Beginning on April 29  2027  the 2028 Notes will bear interest at a floating rate per annum equal to Compounded SOFR (determined with respect to each quarterly interest period using the SOFR Index as defined and described herein) plus 1.713%  payable quarterly in arrears on July 29  2027  October 29  2027  January 29  2028 and at the maturity date.We are also offering by this prospectus supplement $450 000 000 principal amount of our 4.570% Senior Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes due 2033 (the 2033 Notes and  together with the 2028 notes  the Notes). The 2033 Notes will mature on April 29  2033 and initially bear interest at 4.570% per annum  payable semi-annually in arrears on April 29 and October 29 of each year  commencing on October 29  2022 and ending on April 29  2032. Beginning on April 29  2032  the 2033 Notes will bear interest at a floating rate per annum equal to the Compounded SOFR (determined with respect to each quarterly interest period using the SOFR Index as defined and described herein) plus 1.967%  payable quarterly in arrears on July 29  2032  October 29  2032  January 29  2033 and at the maturity date.We may redeem the 2028 Notes  in whole but not in part  on April 29  2027  the date that is one year prior to the maturity date  at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2028 Notes (par)  plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to  but excluding  the date of redemption. In addition  we may redeem the 2028 Notes  in whole or in part  on or after the 30th day prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2028 Notes (par)  plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to  but excluding  the date of redemption.We may redeem the 2033 Notes  in whole but not in part  on April 29  2032  the date that is one year prior to the maturity date  at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2033 Notes (par)  plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to  but excluding  the date of redemption. In addition  we may redeem the 2033 Notes  in whole or in part  on or after the 90th day prior to the maturity date at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2033 Notes (par)  plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to  but excluding  the date of redemption.The Notes will not be subject to repayment at the option of the holder at any time prior to maturity and will not be entitled to any sinking fund.The Notes will be senior unsecured obligations of SVB Financial Group and will rank equally with each other and all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The Notes will not be guaranteed by any of our subsidiaries.The Notes will be issued only in registered book-entry form  in minimum denominations of $2 000 and integral multiples of $1 000 in excess thereof. The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. Currently there is no public market for the Notes.Investing in the Notes involves risks. See  Risk Factors  beginning on page S-7 of this prospectus supplement to read about factors you should consider before investing in the Notes.Price to Public(1) UnderwritingDiscount Proceeds  BeforeExpenses  to SVBFinancial Group(1) Per 2028 Note 100.000 % 0.350 % 99.650 % Total 2028 Notes $ 350 000 000 $ 1 225 000 $ 348 775 000 Per 2033 Note 100.000 % 0.450 % 99.550 % Total 2033 Notes $ 450 000 000 $ 2 025 000 $ 447 975 000 Total Notes $ 800 000 000 $ 3 250 000 $ 796 750 000(1) Plus accrued interest  if any  from April 29  2022  if settlement occurs after that date.Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission  any state securities commission  the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation  the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System nor any other regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.The Notes are not savings accounts  deposits or other obligations of a bank and are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency or instrumentality.The underwriters expect to deliver the Notes in book-entry form only through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company against payment in New York  New York on April 29  2022  which is the third business day following the date of this prospectus supplement. Beneficial interests in the Notes will be shown on  and transfers thereof will be effected only through  records maintained by The Depository Trust Company and its direct and indirect participants  including Clearstream Banking  société anonyme  Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.Our affiliates may use this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus in connection with offers and sales of the Notes in the secondary market. These affiliates may act as principal or agent in those transactions. Secondary market sales will be made at prices related to market prices at the time of sale.Joint Book-Running ManagersGoldman Sachs & Co. LLC BofA Securities Morgan StanleyCo-ManagerSVB SecuritiesProspectus Supplement dated April 26  2022,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.04,0.31,0.66,True,English,"['Form 424B2 SVB FINANCIAL GROUP', '45% Senior Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes', '70% Senior Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Notes', 'Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'floating rate per annum', 'Federal Reserve System', 'senior unsecured obligations', 'SVB Financial Group', 'other regulatory body', 'other governmental agency', 'third business day', 'quarterly interest period', 'state securities commission', 'other unsecured', 'other obligations', 'Exchange Commission', '30th day', '90th day', '0,000,000 principal amount', 'Compounded SOFR', 'SOFR Index', 'sinking fund', 'unsubordinated indebtedness', 'book-entry form', 'minimum denominations', 'integral multiples', 'public market', 'Public(1) Underwriting', 'Discount Proceeds', 'criminal offense', 'savings accounts', 'New York', 'PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT', 'accompanying prospectus', 'The 2033 Notes', 'The Notes', 'securities exchange', 'unpaid interest', 'Risk Factors', 'redemption price', 'maturity date', '2028 Notes', 'Rule', 'Registration', 'April', 'arrears', 'October', 'year', 'respect', 'July', 'January', 'part', 'accrued', 'addition', 'repayment', 'option', 'holder', 'time', 'subsidiaries', 'excess', 'risks', 'page', 'Expenses', 'settlement', 'Board', 'Governors', 'representation', 'contrary', 'deposits', 'bank', 'instrumentality', 'underwriters', 'facilities']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,streetinsider.com
3897,Clearstream,Google API,https://redskins101.com/interventional-cardiology-peripheral-vascular-devices-market-to-see-major-growth-by-2030-medtronic-angiomed-abbott-etc/,Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Market to See Major Growth by 2030,13 hours ago,Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Market to See Major Growth by 2030 | Medtronic  Angiomed  Abbott  etc. Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Market by Product Type ( Angioplasty Balloons  Angioplasty Stents  Catheters  IVC Filters  Other)  Application Type ( Interventional Cardiology Surgery  Peripheral Vascular Surgery)  End-use Industry  and Region - Global Forecast to 2030Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Market to See Major Growth by 2030 | Medtronic  Angiomed  Abbott  etc.The most advanced study released by Data Lab Forecast on the Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices market comprising key market segments such as Type  Application  Sales  Growth  Comprises details of company manufacturing field  production volume  capacities  value chain  product specifications  raw material sourcing strategies  concentration rate  organizational structure  and distribution channel.The COVID-19 outbreak is now traveling around the world  leaving a trail of destruction in its wake. This report discusses the impact of the virus on leading companies in the Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices sector.The research is a precise offset bridging both qualitative and quantitative data of the Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices market.The study provides historical data to compare evolving Sales  Revenue  Volume  and Value from 2017 to 2021 and forecasted till 2030.It becomes necessary to analyze the competitor’s progress while operating in the same computing environment  for that purpose  the report provides thorough insights into the market competitor’s marketing strategies which include alliances  acquisitions  ventures  partnerships  as well as product launches  and brand promotions.Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Market with Impact Analysis of COVID-19: Key Major Players are Medtronic  Angiomed  Abbott  Terumo  ENDOLOGIX  WilliamCook  Bolton Medical  Jotec GmbH  ClearStream  Aesculap  Boston Scientific  Curative medical devices  Lepu  Microport  Bioteq.Sample PDF Copy Instantly in your email box at: https://www.datalabforecast.com/request-sample/9231-interventional-cardiology-peripheral-vascular-devices-marketAsia Pacific and Europe are projected to be Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices markets during the forecast period. This is primarily due to the presence of prominent industry in China  Germany  Japan  and India.Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Research objectives⇛ To study and analyze the Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices market size by key regions/countries  product type and application  history data from 2017 to 2021  and forecast to 2030.⇛ To understand the structure of the Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices market by identifying its various subsegments.Focuses on the key global Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices players  to define  describe and analyze the value  market share  market competition landscape  SWOT analysis  and development plans in the next few years.⇛ To analyze the Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices concerning individual growth trends  prospects  and their contribution to the total market.⇛ To share detailed information about the key factors influencing the growth of the market (growth potential  opportunities  drivers  industry-specific challenges  and risks).⇛ To project the size of Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices submarkets  concerning key regions (along with their respective key countries).⇛ To analyze competitive developments such as expansions  agreements  new product launches  and acquisitions in the market.⇛ To strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.Competitive Structure and analysis of The Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Market:⇛ Constant growth  expanding marginsSome of the players have a stellar growth track record from 2014 to 2018  some of these companies have shown tremendous growth in sales and revenue while net income more than doubled in the same period with performance as well as gross margins expanding. The growth in gross margins over the years points to strong pricing power by the company for its products  over and above the increase in the cost of goods sold.The report further features an analysis that contains details of companies manufacturing base  production volume  sizes  value chain  and product specifications.⇛ Manufacturing growth forecasts and market shareAccording to DLF  key market segments sales will traverse the $$ market in the year 2021. Unlike classified segments by Type ( Angioplasty Balloons  Angioplasty Stents  Catheters  IVC Filters  Other.)  by End-Users/Application ( Interventional Cardiology Surgery  Peripheral Vascular Surgery.).The 2022 report version is the most advanced which is further divided and highlights a new emerging twist of the industry.The keyword market will increase from $XX million in 2021 to strike $YY million by 2030  with a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of xx%. The most robust growth is anticipated in Asia-Pacific  where CAGR is presumed to be ##% from 2021 to 2030. This prediction is good news for market players  as there is good potential for them to continue developing alongside the industry’s projected growth.Find out more about the growth of the Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices market at: https://www.datalabforecast.com/industry-report/9231-interventional-cardiology-peripheral-vascular-devices-market⇛ Devised growth plans & rising competition?Market players have determined strategies to offer a whole host of new product launches within several markets around the globe. Remarkable models are variants to be launched in eight EMEA markets in Q4 2020 and 2021. Acknowledging all-around exercises some of the player profiles that would be worth reviewing are Medtronic  Angiomed  Abbott  Terumo  ENDOLOGIX  WilliamCook  Bolton Medical  Jotec GmbH  ClearStream  Aesculap  Boston Scientific  Curative medical devices  Lepu  Microport  Bioteq.⇛ Status of the market in today’s worldAlthough recent years might not be that inspiring as market segments have registered reasonable gains  things could have been better if manufacturers would have plan-driven move earlier. Unlike past  but with a decent estimate  the investment cycle continues to progress in the U.S.  many growth opportunities ahead for the companies in 2021  it looks good for today but stronger returns can be expected beyond.We are currently offering Quarter-end Flat 50% Discount to all our high potential clients and would really like you to avail the benefits and leverage your analysis based on our report.Get to know about Discount at: https://www.datalabforecast.com/request-discount/9231-interventional-cardiology-peripheral-vascular-devices-marketInterventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices MarketReport Answers Following Questions:⇛ What are future speculation openings in the Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices scene investigating value patterns?⇛ Which are the healthiest organizations with reaches and late advancement inside the market till 2030?⇛ How is the market expected to create in the forecasting years?⇛ What are the principal issues that will impact advancement  including future sales estimates?⇛ What are the advertising openings and potential hazards related to the Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices by investigating patterns?⇛ What impact does COVID-19 have made on Interventional Cardiology & Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Growth & Sizing?Thanks for reading this article  you can also get individual chapter-wise sections or region-wise report versions like North America  Western / Eastern Europe  or Southeast Asia.With the given market data  Research on Global Markets offers customization according to specific needs.Contact:Henry KData Lab Forecast86 Van Wagenen Avenue  Jersey New Jersey 07306  United StatesPhone: +1 917-725-5253Email: [email protected]Website: https://www.datalabforecast.com/Explore News Releases: https://newsbiz.datalabforecast.com/Follow Us on: LinkedIN | Twitter |More Trending Reports by Data Lab Forecast:,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.17,0.29,0.54,True,English,"['Peripheral Vascular Devices Market', 'Interventional Cardiology', 'Major Growth', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Research objectives', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices market size', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices sector', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices markets', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices submarkets', 'raw material sourcing strategies', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices players', 'stellar growth track record', 'Peripheral Vascular Surgery', 'key market segments sales', 'key global Interventional Cardiology', 'Curative medical devices', 'The COVID-19 outbreak', 'strong pricing power', 'new emerging twist', 'respective key countries', 'same computing environment', 'individual growth trends', 'Manufacturing growth forecasts', 'company manufacturing field', 'new product launches', 'Key Major Players', 'Interventional Cardiology Surgery', 'The Interventional Cardiology', 'Data Lab Forecast', 'Global Forecast', 'key players', 'classified segments', 'market share', 'total market', 'key regions/countries', 'key factors', 'growth strategies', 'marketing strategies', 'manufacturing base', 'Bolton Medical', 'same period', 'market competitor', 'Major Growth', 'forecast period', 'quantitative data', 'historical data', 'history data', 'product specifications', 'growth potential', 'Constant growth', 'tremendous growth', 'Angioplasty Balloons', 'Angioplasty Stents', 'IVC Filters', 'concentration rate', 'distribution channel', 'precise offset', 'evolving Sales', 'thorough insights', 'brand promotions', 'Jotec GmbH', 'Boston Scientific', 'Sample PDF', 'email box', 'Asia Pacific', 'various subsegments', 'competition landscape', 'development plans', 'detailed information', 'industry-specific challenges', 'competitive developments', 'net income', 'Product Type', 'End-use Industry', 'production volume', 'organizational structure', 'prominent industry', 'Competitive Structure', 'gross margins', 'advanced study', 'Comprises details', 'value chain', 'SWOT analysis', 'leading companies', '2022 report version', 'Impact Analysis', '$$ market', 'Application Type', 'Medtronic', 'Angiomed', 'Abbott', 'Catheters', 'Other', 'capacities', 'world', 'trail', 'destruction', 'wake', 'virus', 'qualitative', 'Revenue', 'progress', 'purpose', 'alliances', 'acquisitions', 'ventures', 'partnerships', 'Terumo', 'ENDOLOGIX', 'WilliamCook', 'ClearStream', 'Aesculap', 'Lepu', 'Microport', 'Bioteq', 'datalabforecast', 'request-sample/9231-interventional-cardiology-peripheral-vascular-devices-market', 'Europe', 'presence', 'China', 'Germany', 'Japan', 'India', 'next', 'years', 'prospects', 'contribution', 'opportunities', 'drivers', 'risks', 'expansions', 'agreements', 'performance', 'products', 'increase', 'cost', 'goods', 'sizes', 'DLF', 'End-Users/Application', 'keyw']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,redskins101.com
3898,Clearstream,Google API,https://finnewslive.com/2022/04/29/warburg-research-analysts-give-deutsche-borse-etrdb1-a-177-00-price-target-2.html,Warburg Research Analysts Give Deutsche Börse (ETR:DB1) a €177.00 Price Target,1 hour ago,Warburg Research set a €177.00 ($190.32) price objective on Deutsche Börse (ETR:DB1 – Get Rating) in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday  Borsen Zeitung reports.A number of other research analysts have also weighed in on DB1. Deutsche Bank Rese… set a €185.00 ($198.92) target price on shares of Deutsche Börse in a report on Tuesday. Royal Bank of Canada set a €156.00 ($167.74) price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse in a report on Tuesday. Berenberg Bank set a €165.00 ($177.42) price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse in a research note on Tuesday. Barclays set a €165.00 ($177.42) price objective on Deutsche Börse in a research note on Thursday  February 10th. Finally  Credit Suisse Group set a €164.00 ($176.34) price objective on Deutsche Börse in a report on Tuesday.Get Deutsche Börse alerts:DB1 opened at €163.40 ($175.70) on Tuesday. Deutsche Börse has a 12-month low of €132.65 ($142.63) and a 12-month high of €169.55 ($182.31). The company’s 50 day moving average is €158.46 and its 200 day moving average is €152.04. The company has a market cap of $30.00 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.82. The company has a current ratio of 1.00  a quick ratio of 0.07 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 81.68.Deutsche Börse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business).Featured ArticlesReceive News & Ratings for Deutsche Börse Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Börse and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.07,True,English,"['Warburg Research Analysts', 'Deutsche Börse', '7.00 Price Target', 'ETR', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Deutsche Börse alerts', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Deutsche Börse Daily', 'concise daily summary', 'Borsen Zeitung reports', 'Credit Suisse Group', '50 day moving average', '200 day moving average', 'Investment Fund Services', 'Deutsche Bank Rese', 'other research analysts', 'email address', 'Royal Bank', 'Berenberg Bank', 'Warburg Research', 'research note', 'Get Rating', 'February 10th', '12-month low', '12-month high', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'exchange organization', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'Financial Derivatives', 'Foreign Exchange', 'Cash Equities', 'analytics business', 'Featured Articles', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'target price', 'price objective', 'latest news', 'ETR', 'DB1', 'investors', 'Tuesday', 'number', 'shares', 'Canada', 'Barclays', 'Thursday', 'company', 'debt', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Eurex', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', 'Ratings', '165.00']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finnewslive.com
3899,Clearstream,Google API,https://news.marketsizeforecasters.com/high-rate-solid-contact-clarifiers-market-198952,High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers Market Size  Worldwide Opportunities  Driving Forces  Future Potential 2028,15 hours ago,The latest research report on High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers market focuses on the past  as well as the present development trends  to understand the trajectory of this industry vertical over 2022-2027. It elaborates on important growth propellers  restraints  and opportunities that will play a pivotal role in determining the market returns over the analysis timeframe. The data and statistics incorporated in the document are analyzed and verified by experts using tested research methodologies.An assessment of the overall size and scope of this business sphere is provided through a detailed study of each sub-segment. Furthermore  it also entails data related to competitive landscape  followed by a detailed profile analysis of all the leading companies to help stakeholders in making informed decisions for the forthcoming years.Market segmentation and coverageRequest Sample Copy of this Report @ https://news.marketsizeforecasters.com/request-sample/198952Product range: Below 50 Cubic Meter Per Hour   50 to 100 Cubic Meter Per Hour and Over 100 Cubic Meter Per HourPast records as well as projections related to market share  growth rate  and remuneration scope of every product segment are entailed in the report.Application spectrum: Wastewater Treatment   Seawater Desalination   Others  By Company   Arvind Envisol   Unique Water   Shree Virkrupa Engineering   Paramount   Indofab Industries   WesTech   SD Enviro Engineers   ZION Enviro Systems   World Technologies   EIMCO-KCP   Bharti Waters and Ovivo WaterHistorical data and estimations for the market share  product demand  and annual growth rate for each application segment are incorporated.Regional bifurcation: North America  Europe  Asia-Pacific  South America  Middle East & Africa  South East AsiaRecords of the overall sales and revenues obtained by each regional market  along with growth predictions for the same are included in the document.Competitive landscape summaryThe prominent players influencing the competitive trends of the High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers market are Arvind Envisol Unique Water Shree Virkrupa Engineering Paramount Indofab Industries WesTech SD Enviro Engineers ZION Enviro Systems World Technologies EIMCO-KCP Bharti Waters Ovivo Water Bioworks ClearStream Kurita America Aum Engineers Production by Region North America Europe China Japan Consumption by Region North America United States Canada Europe Germany France U.K. Italy Russia Asia-Pacific China Japan South Korea India Australia China Taiwan Indonesia Thailand Malaysia Latin America Mexico Brazil Argentina. These companies are studied on the basis of their product portfolios  sales  pricing patterns  revenues  and strategic undertakings. With this data  the report lays out various approaches for the new entrants and other stakeholders to successfully undertake mergers & acquisitions  geographic expansions  research & development activities  and new product launches over the projected timeline.Industry value chain analysis overviewThe industry value chain assessment drafts the structure of the complete product lifecycle  assisting businesses in boosting their returns by determining areas where operational costs can be reduced while maintaining the product value for the end-users.Reasons to Access this Report:Get to know opportunities and plan strategies by having a strong understanding of the investment opportunities in the High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers MarketIdentification of key parameters driving investment opportunities in the High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers MarketFacilitate decision-making based on strong historic and forecast dataPosition yourself to gain the maximum advantage of the industry’s growth potentialDevelop strategies based on the latest reports.Identify key partners and business development avenuesRespond to your competitors’ business structure  strategy  and prospectsIdentify key strengths and weaknesses of important market participantsThe key questions answered in this report:What will be the market size and growth rate in the forecast year?What are the key factors driving the Global High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers Market?What are the risks and challenges in front of the market?Who are the key vendors in the Global High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers Market?What are the trending factors influencing the market shares?What are the key outcomes of Porter’s five forces model?Which are the global opportunities for expanding the Global High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers Market?Table of Contents for market shares by application  research objectives  market sections by type  and forecast years considered:High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers Market Share by Key Players: Here  capital  revenue  and price analysis by the business are included along with other sections such as development plans  areas served  products offered by key players  alliance and acquisition  and headquarters distribution.Global Growth Trends: Industry trends  the growth rate of major producers  and production analysis are the segments included in this chapter.Market Size by Application: This segment includes High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers market consumption analysis by application.High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers Market Size by Type: It includes analysis of value  product utility  market percentage  and production market share by type.Profiles of Manufacturers: Here  commanding players of the global High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers market are studied based on sales area  key products  gross margin  revenue  price  and production.High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers Market Value Chain and Sales Channel Analysis: It includes customer  distributor  market value chain  and sales channel analysis.Market Forecast: This section is focused on production and production value forecast  key producers forecast by type  application  and regionsRequest Discount on This Report @ https://news.marketsizeforecasters.com/request-for-discount/198952,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,True,English,"['High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers Market Size', 'Worldwide Opportunities', 'Driving Forces', 'Future Potential', 'Arvind Envisol Unique Water Shree Virkrupa Engineering Paramount Indofab Industries WesTech SD Enviro Engineers ZION Enviro Systems World Technologies EIMCO-KCP Bharti Waters Ovivo Water Bioworks ClearStream Kurita America Aum Engineers Production', 'South Korea India Australia China Taiwan Indonesia Thailand Malaysia Latin America Mexico', 'Germany France U.K. Italy Russia Asia-Pacific China Japan', 'Region North America United States Canada Europe', 'Global High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers Market', 'High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers Market Share', 'Region North America Europe', 'production analysis', 'Industry value chain analysis overview', 'China Japan Consumption', 'South East Asia Records', 'South America', 'industry value chain assessment', 'coverage Request Sample Copy', 'annual growth rate', 'Global Growth Trends', 'important market participants', 'five forces model', 'important growth propellers', 'detailed profile analysis', 'complete product lifecycle', 'present development trends', 'Competitive landscape summary', 'new product launches', 'business development avenues', '50 to 100 Cubic Meter', 'competitors’ business structure', 'global opportunities', 'product value', 'Market segmentation', 'regional market', 'market size', 'market shares', 'market sections', 'latest research report', 'market returns', 'Industry trends', 'Middle East', 'competitive trends', 'analysis timeframe', 'price analysis', '50 Cubic Meter', 'detailed study', 'Past records', 'new entrants', 'development activities', 'latest reports', 'development plans', 'growth predictions', 'growth potential', 'Product range', 'product segment', 'product demand', 'product portfolios', 'business sphere', 'pivotal role', 'research methodologies', 'overall size', 'forthcoming years', 'Wastewater Treatment', 'Seawater Desalination', 'Regional bifurcation', 'prominent players', 'pricing patterns', 'strategic undertakings', 'various approaches', 'geographic expansions', 'operational costs', 'strong understanding', 'key parameters', 'strong historic', 'maximum advantage', 'key partners', 'key strengths', 'key questions', 'forecast year', 'key factors', 'key vendors', 'trending factors', 'key outcomes', 'research objectives', 'Key Players', 'other sections', 'headquarters distribution', 'major producers', 'Application spectrum', 'application segment', 'investment opportunities', 'leading companies', 'remuneration scope', 'overall sales', 'other stakeholders', 'Historical data', 'forecast data', 'trajectory', 'vertical', 'restraints', 'statistics', 'document', 'experts', 'sub-segment', 'informed', 'decisions', 'news', 'marketsizeforecasters', 'Hour', 'projections', 'Others', 'Company', 'estimations', 'Africa', 'revenues', 'Brazil', 'Argentina', 'basis', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'timeline', 'businesses', 'areas', 'end-users', 'Reasons', 'strategies', 'Identification', 'decision-making', 'strategy', 'prospects', 'weaknesses', 'risks', 'challenges', 'front', 'Porter', 'Table', 'Contents', 'type', 'capital', 'products', 'alliance', 'segments']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,news.marketsizeforecasters.com
3900,Clearstream,Google API,https://spooool.ie/2022/04/29/peripheral-vascular-devices-market-2022-incredible-growth-covid-impact-trends-analysis-by-2032-terumo-corporation-endologix-inc-william-cook-europe-aps/,Peripheral Vascular Devices Market 2022 Incredible Growth  COVID Impact  Trends Analysis By 2032,10 hours ago,Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Share  Size  Trends  Industry Analysis Report  Type  Application  Regions and Forecast To 2032  is a brief guide for businesses to achieve success as it offers a comprehensive study and analysis of the market. The report provides an exhaustive overview of the market taking into account various aspects including definition  application  and segmentation based on various parameters. It comprises information on the market that will assist readers to understand their niche and concentrate on key channels in the regional and Peripheral Vascular Devices market. The report also covers insights about key players  applications of its type  trends  and overall market performance.For Detailed Analysis on report  you get a Sample Report @ https://www.insightslice.com/request-sample/791Report Highlights:Market Size & Share Estimation and ForecastMarket Intelligence & Market Opportunity AssessmentCompetitor BenchmarkingCompetitive Landscape StudyExtensive market scope covering all major offerings in the ecosystemIn-depth analysis for all the countries covered in each reportCurrent and upcoming trends impact analysisRobust research methodology to provide authentic analysisThe report highlights drivers and restraints in the market  providing an idea about the surge or fall in the consumer demand for a particular product based on several key factors. It offers a snapshot of segmentation data  marketing growth strategies  trends  statistical data  end-user analysis  and forecast. This information will assist the readers in addressing business challenges and making better decisions to improve business as per the prevalent market trends.Market Data:Industry Trends: Global revenue  status  and outlook.Market Segment: By type  by application  by players  and by regionsProfiles of International Players: Company overview  revenue  and product portfolio.Regional Study: Market size by regions and countriesSales revenue: Market share  growth rate  current analysis.Top Key Players: Medtronic Inc.  Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG  Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited  Terumo Corporation  Endologix Inc.  William Cook Europe ApS  Bolton Medical Inc.  Jotec GmbH  ClearStream Technologies Ltd.  Aesculap AG  Bosto  and others.Competitive Analysis:The industry report provides the company profile  product specifications and market shares for the company. Also  this section explains the expansion plans of the leading players  investment analysis  funding  company establishment dates  revenues of manufacturers  and the regions served. Various market development activities and business strategies such as new product/services development  joint ventures  partnerships  mergers  and acquisitions are also mentioned in the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market report.Browse detail report with in-depth TOC Here @ https://www.insightslice.com/toc/791The Report Responds to The Following Key Questions:What will be the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market size and growth rate by the conclusion of the forecast period?What are the major trends in the market that are influencing its growth?What are the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market’s main competitors’ prospective growth possibilities and threats?Which are the key areas of applications and product types that may expect a huge demand during the forecast period?What are the top firms’ strategies for gaining share in emerging markets?Regional Analysis:The report explores each section and sub-section along with regional analysis. Based on the geographical study  the report estimates market size  growth  deals  and earnings. The prospective regions  which are expected to generate opportunities in the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market in the coming years are also highlighted in the report. The research and insights included in this report will assist the readers to forecast revenue .Geographical Segmentation:North AmericaEuropeAsia PacificMiddle East & AfricaSouth AmericaThe key findings and recommendations given in the report shed light on crucial progressive industry trends in the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market. The key impact factors and the main investment pockets are highlighted in the research further.Inclusions:Market SnapshotKey TrendsEstimation MethodologyResearch AssumptionObjective of the StudyMarket Definition & ScopeMarket DriversMarket OpportunitiesPESTLE AnalysisRisk Assessment: COVID-19 ImpactCompetitive IntelligenceResearch Process* Get 10% Discount on Your Direct Purchase *You Can Purchase Complete [email protected] https://www.insightslice.com/buy-nowith791About Us:We are a team of research analysts and management consultants who share a common vision to help individuals and organizations achieve their short-term and long-term strategic goals by expanding high-quality research services. insightSLICE was established to support mature companies  start-ups and non-profit organizations in various industries  including packaging  automotive  healthcare  chemicals and materials  industrial automation  consumer products  electronics and semiconductors  IT and telecommunications  and energy. Our internally experienced team of analysts has extensive experience in the research industry.Contact:Alex[email protected]+1 (707) 736 6633422 Lark Center # 1001  Santa Rosa California – 95403-1408  USALinkedin|Twitter,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.8,0.18,0.03,True,English,"['Peripheral Vascular Devices Market', 'Incredible Growth', 'COVID Impact', 'Trends', 'Analysis', 'Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG', 'main competitors’ prospective growth possibilities', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Market size', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Market report', 'Global Peripheral Vascular Devices', 'William Cook Europe ApS', 'PESTLE Analysis Risk Assessment', 'Estimation Methodology Research Assumption', 'crucial progressive industry trends', 'Competitive Intelligence Research Process', 'Various market development activities', 'upcoming trends impact analysis', 'new product/services development', 'main investment pockets', 'Robust research methodology', 'Market Opportunity Assessment', 'ClearStream Technologies Ltd', 'North America Europe', 'long-term strategic goals', 'top firms’ strategies', 'high-quality research services', 'overall market performance', 'Extensive market scope', 'several key factors', 'Following Key Questions', 'key impact factors', 'Bolton Medical Inc.', 'Competitive Landscape Study', 'marketing growth strategies', 'company establishment dates', 'prevalent market trends', 'Scope Market Drivers', 'Top Key Players', 'Industry Analysis Report', 'Market Intelligence', 'Jotec GmbH', 'Competitive Analysis', 'COVID-19 Impact', 'prospective regions', 'investment analysis', 'Share Estimation', 'Key Trends', 'research analysts', 'Market Data', 'Market Segment', 'market shares', 'various aspects', 'various parameters', 'Global revenue', 'South America', 'various industries', 'key channels', 'key areas', 'key findings', 'industry report', 'growth rate', 'Medtronic Inc.', 'Endologix Inc.', 'business strategies', 'Detailed Analysis', 'depth analysis', 'authentic analysis', 'end-user analysis', 'major trends', 'Regional Analysis', 'Market Snapshot', 'Market Definition', 'Market Opportunities', 'brief guide', 'comprehensive study', 'exhaustive overview', 'Competitor Benchmarking', 'major offerings', 'consumer demand', 'particular product', 'statistical data', 'International Players', 'Company overview', 'product portfolio', 'Terumo Corporation', 'Aesculap AG', 'company profile', 'product specifications', 'expansion plans', 'leading players', 'joint ventures', 'depth TOC', 'product types', 'huge demand', 'emerging markets', 'geographical study', 'coming years', 'Asia Pacific', 'Middle East', 'Direct Purchase', 'management consultants', 'common vision', 'mature companies', 'current analysis', 'Regional Study', 'segmentation data', 'business challenges', 'Geographical Segmentation', 'Sample Report', 'Report Highlights', 'detail report', 'Sales revenue', 'non-profit organizations', 'regions Profiles', 'forecast period', 'Application', 'businesses', 'success', 'account', 'information', 'readers', 'niche', 'insights', 'request-sample', 'ecosystem', 'countries', 'restraints', 'idea', 'surge', 'fall', 'decisions', 'status', 'outlook', 'Bosto', 'others', 'section', 'funding', 'revenues', 'manufacturers', 'partnerships', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'conclusion', 'threats', 'deals', 'earnings', 'Africa', 'recommendations', 'Inclusions', 'Objective', '10% Discount', 'Complete', 'team', 'individuals', 'short-term', 'start-ups', 'packaging', 'automotive', 'healthcare']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,spooool.ie
3901,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.finanzen.at/nachrichten/aktien/antennas-direct-launches-new-jolt-switch-amplifier-and-clearstream-horizon-indoor-hdtv-antenna-1031396951,Antennas Direct Launches New Jolt Switch Amplifier and ClearStream HORIZON Indoor HDTV Antenna,ELLISVILLE  Mo.  April 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Antennas Direct  the leading HDTV antenna provider  today launched two new products: the Jolt Switch in-line amplifier and the ClearStream HORIZON indoor TV antenna. These innovative products join Antennas ...,"New devices will enable an even more powerful  reliable  and cost-effective TV experience for any homeELLISVILLE  Mo.  April 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Antennas Direct   the leading HDTV antenna provider  today launched two new products: the Jolt Switch in-line amplifier and the ClearStream HORIZON indoor TV antenna. These innovative products join Antennas Direct's suite of the world's most powerful antennas that deliver high-quality TV experiences.The Jolt Switch is an enhanced version of the Jolt amplifier and offers improved performance  design  and user experience. Using the on/off switch  the Jolt Switch provides amplification when it is needed in real time or bypasses amplification when a TV channel does not need it. When in use  the Jolt Switch increases TV signals to deliver clearer picture and sound  and can even broaden access to channels beyond the antenna's standard range.This new version of the USB in-line amplifier has a higher gain of 18 dB  is compatible with most TV antennas  and later this year will be included with several other Antennas Direct and Mohu antenna models. The Jolt Switch costs $29.99 and is available for purchase from Antennas Direct and Mohu .One of the antennas to include the Jolt Switch is the new ClearStream HORIZON antenna. This amplified indoor HDTV antenna is engineered to receive TV signals 60 miles away from broadcast towers. The ClearStream HORIZON offers a minimalistic design and installs like a soundbar  either mounted on a wall or placed on a flat surface using its included kickstand. It costs $79.99 and is available for purchase today from Antennas Direct . This product will become more widely available on other ecommerce platforms next month.""The cord-cutting movement isn't letting up as Americans ditch their cable packages in droves for more affordable  user-friendly options. But we also know that consumers won't sacrifice high-quality performance for lower cost "" said Richard Schneider  CEO and founder of Antennas Direct. ""This is why Antennas Direct and Mohu continue to innovate new HDTV antennas and supporting devices that provide cord cutters with an optimal and affordable TV viewing experience. We've always been at the forefront of the cord-cutting movement  and we're excited to continue creating products that help consumers maintain access to TV without the hefty subscription fees.""For more information about these new products  visit www.antennasdirect.com or www.gomohu.com . If you're not sure which network TV channels are available over-the-air in your area and need to determine the right antenna for you  please visit Antennas Direct's transmitter locator tool .About Antennas Direct:Antennas Direct is the #1 LEADER in antenna technology with a foundation built on a culture of innovation and forward-thinking that has been a driving force for over 15 years. The company is the largest manufacturer of over-the-air outdoor antennas specifically tuned for the core-DTV frequencies broadcast in North America. Antennas Direct are the pioneers of the cord-cutting movement  spreading antenna awareness to millions of consumers since 2003. The company has invested major resources into the discovery and implementation of new antenna designs for digital reception. The firm is a member of the Inc. 500|5000 Hall of Fame and Future of TV Coalition. Visit www.antennasdirect.com for more information.Media Contact:antennasdirect@shiftcomm.comView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/antennas-direct-launches-new-jolt-switch-amplifier-and-clearstream-horizon-indoor-hdtv-antenna-301535160.htmlSOURCE Antennas Direct",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream HORIZON Indoor HDTV Antenna', 'New Jolt Switch Amplifier', 'Antennas Direct', 'ClearStream HORIZON indoor TV antenna', 'leading HDTV antenna provider', 'affordable TV viewing experience', 'new ClearStream HORIZON antenna', 'The ClearStream HORIZON', 'indoor HDTV antenna', 'affordable, user-friendly options', 'other ecommerce platforms', 'hefty subscription fees', 'transmitter locator tool', 'cost-effective TV experience', 'new antenna designs', 'high-quality TV experiences', 'new HDTV antennas', 'several other Antennas', 'most TV antennas', 'network TV channels', 'two new products', 'The Jolt Switch', 'Mohu antenna models', 'SOURCE Antennas Direct', 'user experience', 'right antenna', 'antenna technology', 'antenna awareness', 'TV signals', 'TV Coalition', 'new version', 'Jolt amplifier', 'off switch', 'New devices', 'powerful antennas', 'outdoor antennas', 'line amplifier', 'innovative products', 'enhanced version', 'real time', 'clearer picture', 'standard range', 'higher gain', 'broadcast towers', 'flat surface', 'cord-cutting movement', 'cable packages', 'high-quality performance', 'lower cost', 'Richard Schneider', 'cord cutters', 'driving force', 'largest manufacturer', 'core-DTV frequencies', 'North America', 'major resources', 'digital reception', 'Inc. 500|5000 Hall', 'Media Contact', 'original content', 'minimalistic design', 'home', 'ELLISVILLE', 'Mo.', 'suite', 'world', 'improved', 'amplification', 'sound', 'access', 'USB', '18 dB', 'purchase', 'wall', 'included', 'kickstand', 'Americans', 'droves', 'consumers', 'CEO', 'founder', 'optimal', 'forefront', 'information', 'antennasdirect', 'gomohu', 'air', 'area', 'foundation', 'culture', 'innovation', 'thinking', '15 years', 'company', 'pioneers', 'millions', 'discovery', 'implementation', 'firm', 'member', 'Fame', 'Future', 'shiftcomm', 'multimedia', 'prnewswire', 'news-releases', 'launches', 'new-jolt-switch-amplifier', 'hdtv-antenna']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finanzen.at
3902,Clearstream,Bing API,https://au.finance.yahoo.com/news/russian-sanctions-euroclear-capital-headache-102316549.html,Russian sanctions give Euroclear a capital headache,LONDON  April 27 (Reuters) - Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Wednesday it has delayed paying a dividend as it may need to set aside more capital to cover a swelling balance sheet due to Russian sanctions. Belgium-based Euroclear  owned by an ...,"By Huw JonesLONDON  April 27 (Reuters) - Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Wednesday it has delayed paying a dividend as it may need to set aside more capital to cover a swelling balance sheet due to Russian sanctions.Belgium-based Euroclear  owned by an array of big banks and exchanges like the London Stock Exchange and Euronext  ensures transactions are completed with cash exchanged for legal ownership of assets.After Russia invaded Ukraine  the European Union barred Euroclear and rival Clearstream from serving Russian customers from Feb. 28 as Western powers severed ties with the country's financial system.Euroclear said on Wednesday that during the first quarter its balance sheet rose by 23 billion euros ($24.41 billion) year-on-year  or nearly 80%.""We do not expect these sanctions to affect our financial performance "" Euroclear said in a statement.It was now looking at what this means for ""potential regulatory capital requirements"" as the cashpile is expected to keep growing as sanctions remain in place for months  if not years  and redemptions and coupon payments on Russian assets fall due but can't be transferred to underlying parties.Euroclear is looking to reinvest the money in money market funds or instruments such as short term commercial paper while the sanctions last  and risk from such investments typically need to be covered by capital in case they turn sour.""In light of these circumstances  the board of Euroclear considers it to be prudent to wait until the second half of 2022 to formally decide on the dividend payment of 88.5 euros per share  equating to a total of 279 million euros as announced in its full-year results "" Euroclear said.Euroclear said net profit in the first quarter rose by 11% to 134 million euros.($1 = 0.9422 euros) (Reporting by Huw Jones  Editing by Louise Heavens)",negative,0.02,0.09,0.9,negative,0.02,0.25,0.73,True,English,"['Russian sanctions', 'capital headache', 'Euroclear', 'short term commercial paper', 'potential regulatory capital requirements', 'Securities settlement house', 'swelling balance sheet', 'London Stock Exchange', 'money market funds', 'Huw Jones', 'big banks', 'legal ownership', 'European Union', 'Russian customers', 'Western powers', 'financial system', 'first quarter', 'financial performance', 'coupon payments', 'underlying parties', 'second half', 'full-year results', 'net profit', 'Louise Heavens', '23 billion euros', '279 million euros', '134 million euros', 'Russian assets', 'dividend payment', 'Russian sanctions', 'Belgium-based Euroclear', '88.5 euros', '0.9422 euros', 'Reuters', 'Wednesday', 'array', 'exchanges', 'Euronext', 'transactions', 'Ukraine', 'rival', 'Clearstream', 'Feb.', 'country', 'statement', 'cashpile', 'place', 'months', 'years', 'redemptions', 'instruments', 'risk', 'investments', 'case', 'light', 'circumstances', 'board', 'share', 'total']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,au.finance.yahoo.com
3903,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@Maggie_Cusack and @gerard_odonovan welcomed @Clearstream Managing Director  David Brosnan and his colleagues to… https://t.co/cnl0aJsM8I,nan,@Maggie_Cusack and @gerard_odonovan welcomed @Clearstream Managing Director  David Brosnan and his colleagues to… https://t.co/cnl0aJsM8I,positive,0.63,0.35,0.02,positive,0.63,0.35,0.02,True,English,"['David Brosnan', 'colleagues', 'cnl0aJsM8I', 'David Brosnan', 'colleagues', 'cnl0aJsM8I']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,Unknown
3904,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.etfstream.com/news/etf-wrap-bitcoin-and-gold-a-match-made-in-heaven/,ETF Wrap: Bitcoin and gold – a match made in heaven?,10 hours ago,ETF Wrap: Bitcoin and gold – a match made in heaven?There was another world first in the land of crypto exchange-traded products (ETPs) this week after 21Shares launched a bitcoin and gold ETP which is set to spin the head of the “bitcoin is the new gold” brigade.The 21Shares ByteTree BOLD ETP (BOLD) does not quite offer bitcoin parity with the precious metal quite yet though  with an 18.5% weighting to bitcoin and 81.5% to gold  the assets are weighted in inverse proportion to their risk.BOLD – developed alongside UK specialist provider of alternative investment strategies ByteTree – attempts to deliver protection against inflation via optimised risk-adjusted exposure.While both bitcoin and gold are widely available within an ETP wrapper separately  Charlie Morris  CIO at ByteTree Asset Management  has claimed backtesting ETPs has improved returns by 7-8 percentage points a year – impressive if true.Often compared to gold  bitcoin is thought to have many similarities including the finite amount of both  a low correlation to equities  they are both seen as a hedge against inflation and are a store of value.Despite holding predominantly gold  BOLD is priced as a crypto ETP with a total expense ratio (TER) of 1.49%  compared to the cheapest gold ETPs which are priced at around 0.12%.At the very least the product could quieten the bitcoin-gold debate  for now  it will be interesting to see how the risk-adjust exposure could develop over time.Pensions turn passiveIt was a big week for pension funds turning to passive after Aegon invested £3bn into a new range of BlackRock ESG index funds.The move comes following growing demand from pension savers for more ethical investments. Savers in Aegon’s growth fund pathway will see their ESG exposure double from 30% to 60% as a result of the switch.In another eye-catching move  Finnish pension company Varma seeded a new Nomura Asset Management (NAM) ETF with €300m.The Next Funds Solactive Japan ESG Core Index ETF  listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange  will also have a sustainable screen based on “market standards” such as the United Nations Global Compact.The move is also significant for Japan’s ETF market and highlights the wider adoption of the ETF wrapper globally.Going nuclearIt was also the week ETFs in Europe went nuclear with the launch of not one but two uranium ETFs.The Global X Uranium UCITS ETF (URNU) listed on the Deutsche Boerse and London Stock Exchange (LSE) while the Sprott Uranium Miners UCITS ETF (URNM)  issued via white-label ETF issuer HANetf  is set to list on the LSE in May.URNM will seek exposure to companies involved in the mining  exploration  development and production of uranium and will also be able to invest in entities that hold physical uranium  uranium royalties and other non-mining assets.Sprott Asset Management also has a significant pedigree in the sector as it runs a physical uranium trust with $3bn in assets under management (AUM).Meanwhile  URNU tracks the Solactive Global Uranium & Nuclear Components V2 index which comprises of around 50 companies from the energy  industrial and basic materials sectors.ETF Wrap is a weekly digest of the top stories on ETF StreamRelated articles,neutral,0.15,0.83,0.02,mixed,0.21,0.31,0.47,True,English,"['ETF Wrap', 'Bitcoin', 'gold', 'match', 'heaven', 'The Next Funds Solactive Japan ESG Core Index ETF', 'The Global X Uranium UCITS ETF', 'Sprott Uranium Miners UCITS ETF', 'BlackRock ESG index funds', 'The 21Shares ByteTree BOLD ETP', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'Nuclear Components V2 index', 'ETF Stream Related articles', 'Finnish pension company Varma', 'Solactive Global Uranium', 'new Nomura Asset Management', 'Sprott Asset Management', 'white-label ETF issuer', 'ByteTree Asset Management', 'UK specialist provider', 'alternative investment strategies', '7-8 percentage points', 'total expense ratio', 'growth fund pathway', 'Tokyo Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'basic materials sectors', 'two uranium ETFs', 'physical uranium trust', 'crypto exchange-traded products', 'other non-mining assets', 'pension funds', 'new gold” brigade', 'ESG exposure', 'cheapest gold ETPs', 'ETF Wrap', 'NAM) ETF', 'ETF market', 'crypto ETP', 'uranium royalties', 'new range', 'ETP wrapper', 'week ETFs', 'pension savers', 'precious metal', 'inverse proportion', 'Charlie Morris', 'backtesting ETPs', 'many similarities', 'finite amount', 'low correlation', 'bitcoin-gold debate', 'big week', 'growing demand', 'ethical investments', 'sustainable screen', 'market standards', 'wider adoption', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'significant pedigree', 'weekly digest', 'top stories', 'risk-adjusted exposure', 'risk-adjust exposure', 'eye-catching move', 'bitcoin parity', 'match', 'heaven', 'land', 'head', 'weighting', 'protection', 'inflation', 'returns', 'equities', 'hedge', 'store', 'value', 'time', 'Pensions', 'Aegon', 'result', 'switch', 'Europe', 'launch', 'URNU', 'LSE', 'URNM', 'HANetf', 'May', 'companies', 'exploration', 'development', 'production', 'entities', 'AUM', 'industrial', '18.']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,etfstream.com
3905,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/germany-stocks-higher-at-close-of-trade-dax-up-135-2813199,Germany stocks higher at close of trade; DAX up 1.35% By Investing.com,1 day ago,© Reuters Germany stocks higher at close of trade; DAX up 1.35%Investing.com – Germany stocks were higher after the close on Thursday  as gains in the   and sectors led shares higher.At the close in Frankfurt  the gained 1.35%  while the index added 0.88%  and the index climbed 1.45%.The best performers of the session on the were Delivery Hero AG (ETR: )  which rose 5.89% or 1.76 points to trade at 31.66 at the close. Meanwhile  HelloFresh SE (ETR: ) added 4.79% or 1.75 points to end at 38.25 and Mercedes Benz Group AG (ETR: ) was up 4.12% or 2.63 points to 66.51 in late trade.The worst performers of the session were Bayer AG NA (ETR: )  which fell 1.13% or 0.71 points to trade at 61.99 at the close. Siemens Healthineers AG (ETR: ) declined 0.81% or 0.42 points to end at 51.66 and Deutsche Boerse AG (ETR: ) was up 0.06% or 0.10 points to 163.40.The top performers on the MDAX were Nemetschek AG O.N. (ETR: ) which rose 7.27% to 81.42  Uniper SE (ETR: ) which was up 6.46% to settle at 24.40 and Scout24 AG (ETR: ) which gained 4.18% to close at 60.30.The worst performers were Wacker Chemie O.N. (ETR: ) which was down 6.16% to 156.95 in late trade  RTL Group SA (ETR: ) which lost 3.85% to settle at 49.66 and Kion Group AG (ETR: ) which was down 2.50% to 53.14 at the close.The top performers on the TecDAX were Nemetschek AG O.N. (ETR: ) which rose 7.27% to 81.42  Suse SA (ETR: ) which was up 7.07% to settle at 30.28 and TeamViewer AG (ETR: ) which gained 3.38% to close at 11.46.The worst performers were Nordex SE O.N. (ETR: ) which was down 2.92% to 13.80 in late trade  S&T AG (ETR: ) which lost 2.45% to settle at 15.93 and Morphosys AG O.N. (ETR: ) which was down 2.09% to 19.70 at the close.Rising stocks outnumbered declining ones on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange by 450 to 240 and 78 ended unchanged.Shares in Kion Group AG (ETR: ) fell to 52-week lows; down 2.50% or 1.36 to 53.14. Shares in Morphosys AG O.N. (ETR: ) fell to 5-year lows; down 2.09% or 0.42 to 19.70.The   which measures the implied volatility of DAX options  was down 4.47% to 30.77.Gold Futures for June delivery was up 0.08% or 1.56 to $1 890.26 a troy ounce. Elsewhere in commodities trading  Crude oil for delivery in June rose 2.16% or 2.20 to hit $104.22 a barrel  while the July Brent oil contract rose 1.58% or 1.66 to trade at $106.61 a barrel.EUR/USD was unchanged 0.40% to 1.05  while EUR/GBP unchanged 0.24% to 0.84.The US Dollar Index Futures was up 0.58% at 103.56.,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.08,0.23,0.69,True,English,"['Germany stocks', 'Investing.com', 'close', 'trade', 'DAX', 'The US Dollar Index Futures', 'Wacker Chemie O.N.', 'Nemetschek AG O.N.', 'Morphosys AG O.N.', 'July Brent oil contract', 'Nordex SE O.N.', 'Mercedes Benz Group AG', 'Kion Group AG', 'Bayer AG NA', 'Siemens Healthineers AG', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'S&T AG', 'RTL Group SA', 'Delivery Hero AG', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Gold Futures', 'Scout24 AG', 'TeamViewer AG', 'Crude oil', 'HelloFresh SE', 'Uniper SE', 'Suse SA', 'Reuters Germany', 'Investing.com', 'Germany stocks', 'best performers', 'worst performers', 'top performers', 'Rising stocks', '52-week lows', '5-year lows', 'troy ounce', 'commodities trading', 'late trade', 'DAX options', 'June delivery', 'close', 'Thursday', 'gains', 'sectors', 'shares', 'session', 'ETR', '1.76 points', 'MDAX', 'TecDAX', 'implied', 'volatility', 'EUR/USD', 'EUR/GBP', '©', '1.75', '2.63', '0.71', '0.10']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,investing.com
3906,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://finnewslive.com/2022/04/29/warburg-research-analysts-give-deutsche-borse-etrdb1-a-177-00-price-target-2.html,Warburg Research Analysts Give Deutsche Börse (ETR:DB1) a €177.00 Price Target,1 hour ago,Warburg Research set a €177.00 ($190.32) price objective on Deutsche Börse (ETR:DB1 – Get Rating) in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday  Borsen Zeitung reports.A number of other research analysts have also weighed in on DB1. Deutsche Bank Rese… set a €185.00 ($198.92) target price on shares of Deutsche Börse in a report on Tuesday. Royal Bank of Canada set a €156.00 ($167.74) price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse in a report on Tuesday. Berenberg Bank set a €165.00 ($177.42) price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse in a research note on Tuesday. Barclays set a €165.00 ($177.42) price objective on Deutsche Börse in a research note on Thursday  February 10th. Finally  Credit Suisse Group set a €164.00 ($176.34) price objective on Deutsche Börse in a report on Tuesday.Get Deutsche Börse alerts:DB1 opened at €163.40 ($175.70) on Tuesday. Deutsche Börse has a 12-month low of €132.65 ($142.63) and a 12-month high of €169.55 ($182.31). The company’s 50 day moving average is €158.46 and its 200 day moving average is €152.04. The company has a market cap of $30.00 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.82. The company has a current ratio of 1.00  a quick ratio of 0.07 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 81.68.Deutsche Börse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business).Featured ArticlesReceive News & Ratings for Deutsche Börse Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Börse and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.07,True,English,"['Warburg Research Analysts', 'Deutsche Börse', '7.00 Price Target', 'ETR', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Deutsche Börse alerts', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Deutsche Börse Daily', 'concise daily summary', 'Borsen Zeitung reports', 'Credit Suisse Group', '50 day moving average', '200 day moving average', 'Investment Fund Services', 'Deutsche Bank Rese', 'other research analysts', 'email address', 'Royal Bank', 'Berenberg Bank', 'Warburg Research', 'research note', 'Get Rating', 'February 10th', '12-month low', '12-month high', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'exchange organization', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'Financial Derivatives', 'Foreign Exchange', 'Cash Equities', 'analytics business', 'Featured Articles', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'target price', 'price objective', 'latest news', 'ETR', 'DB1', 'investors', 'Tuesday', 'number', 'shares', 'Canada', 'Barclays', 'Thursday', 'company', 'debt', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Eurex', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', 'Ratings', '165.00']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finnewslive.com
3907,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.gurufocus.com/news/1699494/eplay-digital-announces-impact-magazine-annual-running-issue-features-klocked-running-metaverse,ePlay Digital Announces Impact Magazine Annual Running ...,5 hours ago,"""Let's go for a run… In the metaverse. Thanks to a new app you can…"" - Impact MagazineVANCOUVER  BC / ACCESSWIRE / April 29  2022 / ePlay Digital Inc . ( CSE:EPY) (OTC:EPYFF) ( FSE:2NY2 ) (the ""Company"") today announced that the sports metaverse Klocked World and the award-winning Klocked App has a feature article in the annual running issue of Impact Magazine .The 2022 Impact Magazine Running Issue features Canadian Olympian and Marathoner Natasha Wodak and an article written by Danyael Halprin titled Running in the Metaverse on the cover.""The app - Klocked - is brought to the metaverse by ePlay Digital Inc. "" says the freelance writer Danyael Halprin in the Annual Running Issue of Impact Magazine. ""Choose your running route or race in one of numerous international locations.""""Impact Magazine is Canada's fitness source "" says Trevor Doerksen  CEO of ePlay Digital. ""It's fantastic to work with such a great group of dedicated and exceptional people.""The article title ""Running in the Metaverse"" can be found online in Impact Magazine and published in over 300 000 copies in western Canada.About ePlayePlay Digital Inc. is a mobile game creator and publisher specializing in sports  esports and entertainment augmented reality titles  including the  award-winning  augmented reality running app  Klocked.run   sports gaming app Fan Freak   flagship title Big Shot Basketball and Howie Mandel mobile game collaboration - HowiesGames.fun . ePlay is operated by an award-winning team of sports  gaming and eSports leaders as well as broadcast and digital technology industry experts  software engineers and athletes who have brought dozens of game titles to market for companies including Time Warner Cable  ESPN  Sony Pictures  AXS TV  Intel  AXN  Fiat  CBS  and others.ePlay's wholly-owned subsidiary Mobovivo specializes in augmented reality  mobile game  Web3  and metaverse development.ePlay Released GamesHowie Go Viral - iOS / AndroidOutbreak ES - iOSOutbreak Unlimited - iOS / AndroidSwishAR ES - iOSSwishAR - iOS / AndroidBig Shot Basketball - iOS / AndroidBig Swish - iOSBig Shot Swish ES - iOSKlocked Augmented Reality Fitness App - Klocked.meFan Freak Sports AppFurther InformationFurther details are available under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and the Company's profile on the CSE's website at www.thecse.com/For further media information  or to set up an interview  please contact:ePlay Digital Inc.Trevor Doerksen(310) 684-3857‬E-mail: [email protected]Website: www.eplaydigital.comCanadian Securities Exchange (CSE): Symbol EPYDeutsche Boerse Xetra - Frankfurt Stock Exchange: Symbol 2NY2; WKN: A2AN4D; ISIN CA26885W1041SOURCE: ePlay Digital Inc.View source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/699462/ePlay-Digital-Announces-Impact-Magazine-Annual-Running-Issue-Features-Klocked-Running-Metaverse",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.68,0.15,0.17,True,English,"['Impact Magazine Annual Running', 'ePlay Digital', 'Howie Mandel mobile game collaboration', 'sports gaming app Fan Freak', 'award-winning, augmented reality running app', 'Klocked Augmented Reality Fitness App', 'The 2022 Impact Magazine Running Issue', 'Fan Freak Sports App', 'entertainment augmented reality titles', 'digital technology industry experts', 'Big Shot Swish ES', 'sports metaverse Klocked World', 'annual running issue', 'Howie Go Viral', 'award-winning Klocked App', 'Big Shot Basketball', 'mobile game creator', 'Marathoner Natasha Wodak', 'numerous international locations', 'Time Warner Cable', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Canadian Securities Exchange', 'Android Big Swish', 'ePlay Digital Inc', 'game titles', 'running route', 'new app', 'award-winning team', 'fitness source', 'Outbreak ES', 'Canadian Olympian', 'Klocked.run', 'Danyael Halprin', 'freelance writer', 'Trevor Doerksen', 'great group', 'exceptional people', 'flagship title', 'software engineers', 'Sony Pictures', 'AXS TV', 'Outbreak Unlimited', 'Further Information', 'Further details', 'media information', 'feature article', 'article title', 'metaverse development', 'source version', 'western Canada', 'eSports leaders', 'Symbol EPY', 'VANCOUVER', 'BC', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'CSE', 'OTC', 'EPYFF', 'FSE', '2NY2', 'Company', 'cover', 'race', 'CEO', 'dedicated', '300,000 copies', 'publisher', 'HowiesGames', 'broadcast', 'athletes', 'dozens', 'market', 'companies', 'ESPN', 'Intel', 'AXN', 'Fiat', 'CBS', 'others', 'subsidiary', 'Mobovivo', 'Web', 'iOS', 'SwishAR', 'profile', 'SEDAR', 'interview', 'mail', 'eplaydigital', 'WKN', 'A2AN4D', 'ISIN', 'Impact-Magazine-Annual-Running-Issue-Features-Klocked-Running-Metaverse']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,gurufocus.com
3908,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://stockhouse.com/news/press-releases/2022/04/29/eplay-digital-announces-impact-magazine-annual-running-issue-features-klocked,2022-04-29 | CSE:EPY | Press Release | ePlay Digital Inc,7 hours ago,"""Let's go for a run… In the metaverse. Thanks to a new app you can…"" - Impact MagazineVANCOUVER  BC / ACCESSWIRE /April 29  2022 / ePlay Digital Inc. (CSE:EPY)(OTC:EPYFF)(FSE:2NY2) (the ""Company"") today announced that the sports metaverse Klocked World and the award-winning Klocked App has a feature article in the annual running issue of Impact Magazine.The 2022 Impact Magazine Running Issue features Canadian Olympian and Marathoner Natasha Wodak and an article written by Danyael Halprin titled Running in the Metaverse on the cover.""The app - Klocked - is brought to the metaverse by ePlay Digital Inc. "" says the freelance writer Danyael Halprin in the Annual Running Issue of Impact Magazine. ""Choose your running route or race in one of numerous international locations.""""Impact Magazine is Canada's fitness source "" says Trevor Doerksen  CEO of ePlay Digital. ""It's fantastic to work with such a great group of dedicated and exceptional people.""The article title ""Running in the Metaverse"" can be found online in Impact Magazine and published in over 300 000 copies in western Canada.About ePlayePlay Digital Inc. is a mobile game creator and publisher specializing in sports  esports and entertainment augmented reality titles  including the  award-winning  augmented reality running app  Klocked.run  sports gaming app Fan Freak  flagship title Big Shot Basketball and Howie Mandel mobile game collaboration - HowiesGames.fun. ePlay is operated by an award-winning team of sports  gaming and eSports leaders as well as broadcast and digital technology industry experts  software engineers and athletes who have brought dozens of game titles to market for companies including Time Warner Cable  ESPN  Sony Pictures  AXS TV  Intel  AXN  Fiat  CBS  and others.ePlay's wholly-owned subsidiary Mobovivo specializes in augmented reality  mobile game  Web3  and metaverse development.ePlay Released GamesHowie Go Viral - iOS / AndroidOutbreak ES - iOSOutbreak Unlimited - iOS / AndroidSwishAR ES - iOSSwishAR - iOS / AndroidBig Shot Basketball - iOS / AndroidBig Swish - iOSBig Shot Swish ES - iOSKlocked Augmented Reality Fitness App - Klocked.meFan Freak Sports AppFurther InformationFurther details are available under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and the Company's profile on the CSE's website at www.thecse.com/For further media information  or to set up an interview  please contact:ePlay Digital Inc.Trevor Doerksen(310) 684-3857‬E-mail: info@eplaydigital.comWebsite: www.eplaydigital.comCanadian Securities Exchange (CSE): Symbol EPYDeutsche Boerse Xetra - Frankfurt Stock Exchange: Symbol 2NY2; WKN: A2AN4D; ISIN CA26885W1041SOURCE: ePlay Digital Inc.View source version on accesswire.com:",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.68,0.15,0.17,True,English,"['ePlay Digital Inc', 'Press Release', 'CSE', 'EPY', 'Howie Mandel mobile game collaboration', 'sports gaming app Fan Freak', 'award-winning, augmented reality running app', 'Klocked Augmented Reality Fitness App', 'The 2022 Impact Magazine Running Issue', 'Fan Freak Sports App', 'entertainment augmented reality titles', 'digital technology industry experts', 'Big Shot Swish ES', 'sports metaverse Klocked World', 'Howie Go Viral', 'award-winning Klocked App', 'annual running issue', 'Big Shot Basketball', 'mobile game creator', 'Marathoner Natasha Wodak', 'numerous international locations', 'Time Warner Cable', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Canadian Securities Exchange', 'Android Big Swish', 'ePlay Digital Inc.', 'game titles', 'new app', 'award-winning team', 'fitness source', 'running route', 'Outbreak ES', 'Canadian Olympian', 'Klocked.run', 'Danyael Halprin', 'freelance writer', 'Trevor Doerksen', 'great group', 'exceptional people', 'flagship title', 'software engineers', 'Sony Pictures', 'AXS TV', 'Outbreak Unlimited', 'Further Information', 'Further details', 'media information', 'feature article', 'article title', 'metaverse development', 'source version', 'western Canada', 'eSports leaders', 'Symbol EPY', 'CSE:EPY', 'VANCOUVER', 'BC', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'OTC', 'EPYFF', 'FSE', '2NY', 'Company', 'cover', 'race', 'CEO', 'dedicated', '300,000 copies', 'publisher', 'HowiesGames', 'fun', 'broadcast', 'athletes', 'dozens', 'market', 'companies', 'ESPN', 'Intel', 'AXN', 'Fiat', 'CBS', 'others', 'subsidiary', 'Mobovivo', 'Web', 'iOS', 'SwishAR', 'profile', 'SEDAR', 'interview', 'mail', 'eplaydigital', 'WKN', 'A2AN4D', 'ISIN']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,stockhouse.com
3909,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+6-K+DEUTSCHE+BANK+AKTIENGESE+For%3A+Apr+28/19979846.html,Form 6-K DEUTSCHE BANK AKTIENGESE For: Apr 28,1 day ago,"Wrucks payment to Wöhrmann was spotted by Deutsche Banks Anti-Financial Crime unit and reported to the Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU)  according to four people familiar with the matter. The FIU and market regulator BaFin declined to comment. Deutsche Bank said to FT that it never comments on the existence of suspicious activity reports. ""It is important to understand that the suspicious activity reports are alerts of potential suspicions and not conclusions that any wrongdoing has occurred  the bank said. If and to the extent there are indications of a wrongdoing  we look into it. A compliance officer at Deutsche raised the matter with Wöhrmann  who explained the Porsche background  according to people familiar with the banks evaluation of the issue. Deutsche decided that there was no evidence of illegal conduct but informally admonished Wöhrmann for acting unwisely   these people said. The banks compliance staff has revisited the matter  screening Wöhrmanns bank accounts. He stated in an affidavit that he had not received any other payments from individuals linked to the Auto1 FinTech joint venture  the people said. DWS informed the FT in a statement that Wöhrmann strenuously rejects insinuations connected to his time as head of the German private bank of Deutsche Bank. The bank also investigated Wöhrmanns use of a personal e-mail account during the Auto1 FinTech negotiation last summer  after Süddeutsche Zeitung flagged four business-related e-mails from a GMX address  a free German e-mail service. The lenders Code of Conduct stipulated that only Deutsche Bank-approved communications devices and applications may be used for the conduct of any bank business whether by e-mail  chat or other electronic messaging. After the Süddeutsche Zeitung inquiry  the lender deemed those e-mails isolated events and innocuous. But people involved in the Auto1 Fin-Tech talks said Wöhrmann relied on his GMX account for months. At least 50  if not 100 messages  including terms sheets  the business plan and other confidential information were sent to the account  according to one person familiar with the matter. Wöhrmann also used the account to send e-mails sharing his views with the rest of the group. Deutsche has stepped up the probe into the e-mail usage and the Porsche payments after it received new information  a person familiar with the matter said. DWS said its chief executive had  in his previous role  facilitated the talks of the involved parties of Auto 1 FinTech and represented the interests of Deutsche Bank at all times and instances. The company declined to comment on the details of the money flows and the potential violations of Deutsche Banks e-mail policies.Such an investigation result indicates  in the applicants opinion  that the investigation into Mr. Wöhrmanns conduct was focused by the Management Board  namely Mr. Sewing  on (1) absolving Mr. Wöhrmann in order not to have to revoke his appointment as Chairman of the Executive Board of DWS shortly after it took place  thus making public Mr. Sewings lack of judgement in his appointment  (2) avoiding an investigation of and assertion of claims against Mr. Schenck and (3) keeping the matter secret from the regulatory authorities.The investigation did not address Mr. Wöhrmanns failure to report the serious conflict of interest  even assuming the truth of the Porsche story  nor did it examine the conflict of interest indicated from the e-mails specified above as to whether̶ Mr. Wöhrmann was offered a pecuniary advantage in the Auto1FT transaction by Mr. Safa and Mr. Wruck with the offer of the highly paid Chairman position ̶ which meant that he had already changed sides to the investor group of Mr. Wruck and Mr. Safa ̶ thereby neglecting his fiduciary obligation towards the bank to exercise due care ̶ and that this ultimately meant that he ignored his prevention of money laundering duties to the bank in order to facilitate the transaction and thus his pecuniary advantage in the form of the Chairman position ̶ and thereby caused damages to the bank.From the applicants perspective  this is not an investigation but rather the creation of an artificial paper trail to justify the non-sanctioning of damages incurred by the company due to the misconduct by senior managers and thus a separate breach of duty by Mr. Sewing due to the cover-up. It also tantamount to not implementing the banks Code of Conduct. This is because if investigations of possible violations of the Code of Conduct are conducted in this way  the standards for conduct it sets out fail their objective from the very start.Nor can it be otherwise explained that it is permissible for Mr. Wöhrmann and Mr. Sewing to portray themselves publicly in Wirecard fashion as victims of a smear campaign and thereby making connotations with it to the threat from threatening letters with racist abuse. Mr. Wöhrmann was guilty of at least serious breaches of the banks internal Code of Conduct  did not tell the truth about it in his internal interrogation and thereby inflicted severe financial and reputational damages to the bank. Also  according to the applicants information  threatening letters have been sent to Mr. Wöhrmann and other bank executives already for years now that have nothing to do with the justifiably negative press coverage of Mr. Wöhrmann. Until now  the banks security department has never considered it necessary to actually involve the police  because of the low threat potential. The failure of Mr. Sewing to intervene against Mr. Wöhrmanns public relations work is therefore to be considered another cover-up action  like his statement that the investigations against Mr. Wöhrmann have so far produced nothing.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['Form 6-K DEUTSCHE BANK AKTIENGESE', 'Apr', 'free German e-mail service', 'Süddeutsche Zeitung inquiry', 'Auto1 FinTech joint venture', 'Auto1 FinTech negotiation', 'Anti-Financial Crime unit', 'Financial Intelligence Unit', 'suspicious activity reports', 'artificial paper trail', 'other electronic messaging', 'four business-related e-mails', 'money laundering duties', 'Auto1 Fin-Tech talks', 'personal e-mail account', 'other confidential information', 'German private bank', 'Mr. Wöhrmann', 'Auto 1 FinTech', 'other payments', 'new information', 'money flows', 'Mr. Sewing', 'Mr. Schenck', 'Mr. Safa', 'Mr. Wruck', 'market regulator', 'potential suspicions', 'compliance officer', 'Porsche background', 'compliance staff', 'GMX address', 'communications devices', 'terms sheets', 'Porsche payments', 'chief executive', 'previous role', 'involved parties', 'potential violations', 'Management Board', 'Executive Board', 'regulatory authorities', 'Porsche story', 'pecuniary advantage', 'fiduciary obligation', 'due care', 'senior managers', 'separate breach', 'possible violations', 'Wirecard fashion', 'smear campaign', 'racist abuse', 'serious breaches', 'internal interrogation', 'GMX account', 'four people', 'Deutsche Bank-approved', 'mail usage', 'mail policies', 'Chairman position', 'The FIU', 'business plan', 'one person', 'serious conflict', 'Auto1FT transaction', 'investor group', 'bank accounts', 'internal Code', 'investigation result', 'illegal conduct', 'matter', 'BaFin', 'existence', 'alerts', 'conclusions', 'wrongdoing', 'extent', 'indications', 'evaluation', 'issue', 'evidence', 'affidavit', 'individuals', 'DWS', 'statement', 'insinuations', 'time', 'head', 'lender', 'applications', 'chat', 'events', 'months', '100 messages', 'views', 'rest', 'probe', 'instances', 'company', 'details', 'applicant', 'opinion', 'order', 'appointment', 'place', 'lack', 'judgement', 'assertion', 'claims', 'failure', 'truth', 'offer', 'sides', 'prevention', 'damages', 'perspective', 'creation', 'non', 'sanctioning', 'misconduct', 'duty', 'cover-up', 'investigations', 'way', 'standards', 'objective', 'start', 'victims', 'connotations', 'threat', 'letters']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,streetinsider.com
3910,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://idw-online.de/de/news792767,Frankfurt School launches research centre for regulation,"Fittingly  Professor Stefan Simon  Chief Administrative Officer of Deutsche Bank  highlighted the topic ""The Economy in the grip of regulation"" at the centre’s opening event. The directors of ...","Navigation --- Angebote --- Nachrichten Termine Experten Bilder Social Media --- Mein idw --- Login Registrieren --- Über den idw --- Wer wir sind Mitgliedschaft Mitgliederverzeichnis Qualitätssicherung idw-Preis --- Service --- Kontakt Einführung English FAQ ImpressumToday  Frankfurt School of Finance & Management officially launched its new research centre for regulation. The Frankfurt Competence Centre for German and Global Regulation (FCCR) addresses the effects and opportunities of regulation in an interdisciplinary manner in research and consulting. Fittingly  Professor Stefan Simon  Chief Administrative Officer of Deutsche Bank  highlighted the topic ""The Economy in the grip of regulation"" at the centre’s opening event. The directors of the FCCR are Professor Roland Koch  Professor of Management Practice in Regulated Environments  and Professor Julia Redenius-Hövermann  Professor of Civil and Company Law  both of whom research and teach at Frankfurt School. The centre also draws on multiple areas of academic expertise at Frankfurt School  including finance  law  digitalisation  environmental economics and economic philosophy. For the FCCR  the exchange of experience with the corporate world is of central importance in order to research the impact of regulation. The centre was able to attract eleven companies for cooperation right from the start covering a wide range of industries. The following companies and organisations are currently partners of the FCCR: AXA Konzern AG  Bayer AG  Boehringer Ingelheim Pharma GmbH & Co. KG  Boston Consulting Group  Daimler-Fonds  Deutsche Bank AG  Deutsche Börse AG  Google Germany GmbH  PepsiCo Deutschland GmbH  RWE AG  ZIA Zentraler Immobilien Ausschuss e.V.. Professor Roland Koch: “The new centre places a strong emphasis on the exchange of experiences with companies and managers. This will ensure that we meet our goal of incorporating practical experience in order to formulate application-oriented regulation.” Professor Julia Redenius-Hövermann adds: “The centre’s research focuses on the question which instruments  functions and methods of public regulation create the best overall economic benefit. To this end  Frankfurt School is establishing two new professorships in finance and in regulatory law.” *** About Frankfurt School of Finance & Management Frankfurt School of Finance & Management (FS) is a private business school accredited by EQUIS  AMBA and AACSB. It focuses on finance  economics and management  and offers Bachelor  Master  MBA and doctoral programmes as well as executive education courses and seminars for professionals and trainees. Frankfurt School is regularly placed among the top performers in major university rankings. For example  it ranks 24th in the latest Financial Times (FT) European Business School Ranking and is listed as the best German business school in the Times Higher Education Global University Employability Ranking. In the FT global ranking for 2021 the business school’s Master in Management and Master of Finance programmes are positioned 29th and 31st. Consulting is another important pillar of Frankfurt School’s activities. The university provides advice and support to businesses and organisations in emerging and developing countries  especially in the field of sustainability/ESG. In addition to the main Frankfurt campus  Frankfurt School has study centres in Hamburg and Munich  as well as offices in Ankara  Amman  Brussels  Dubai  Istanbul  Nairobi and Beijing. Frankfurt School is a globally connected business school with over 125 partner universities. For more information  visit https://www.frankfurt-school.de/en/home• The Frankfurt Competence Centre of German and Global Regulation (FCCR) researches regulation and associated macroeconomic costs and benefits • Interdisciplinary approach and close exchange of experience with the corporate world • Corporate partners covering a wide range of industriesHilfeDie Suche / Erweiterte Suche im idw-ArchivVerknüpfungenSie können Suchbegriffe mit und  oder und / oder nicht verknüpfen  z. B. Philo nicht logie.KlammernVerknüpfungen können Sie mit Klammern voneinander trennen  z. B. (Philo nicht logie) oder (Psycho und logie).WortgruppenZusammenhängende Worte werden als Wortgruppe gesucht  wenn Sie sie in Anführungsstriche setzen  z. B. „Bundesrepublik Deutschland“.AuswahlkriterienDie Erweiterte Suche können Sie auch nutzen  ohne Suchbegriffe einzugeben. Sie orientiert sich dann an den Kriterien  die Sie ausgewählt haben (z. B. nach dem Land oder dem Sachgebiet).Haben Sie in einer Kategorie kein Kriterium ausgewählt  wird die gesamte Kategorie durchsucht (z.B. alle Sachgebiete oder alle Länder).",neutral,0.06,0.91,0.03,positive,0.61,0.35,0.04,True,English,"['Frankfurt School', 'research centre', 'regulation', 'Nachrichten Termine Experten Bilder Social Media', 'Times Higher Education Global University Employability Ranking', 'Mitgliedschaft Mitgliederverzeichnis Qualitätssicherung idw-Preis', 'ZIA Zentraler Immobilien Ausschuss', 'Boehringer Ingelheim Pharma GmbH', 'best overall economic benefit', 'Professor Julia Redenius-Hövermann', 'European Business School Ranking', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'The Frankfurt Competence Centre', 'best German business school', 'executive education courses', 'latest Financial Times', 'FT global ranking', 'major university rankings', 'Google Germany GmbH', 'Kontakt Einführung', 'English FAQ Impressum', 'Chief Administrative Officer', 'associated macroeconomic costs', 'idw-Archiv Verknüpfungen', 'Zusammenhängende Worte', 'PepsiCo Deutschland GmbH', 'AXA Konzern AG', 'Professor Stefan Simon', 'Professor Roland Koch', 'two new professorships', 'main Frankfurt campus', 'private business school', 'Deutsche Bank AG', 'Klammern Verknüpfungen', 'Boston Consulting Group', 'new research centre', 'The Economy', 'economic philosophy', 'Global Regulation', 'Bayer AG', 'RWE AG', 'new centre', 'Frankfurt School', 'Bundesrepublik Deutschland', 'interdisciplinary manner', 'opening event', 'Regulated Environments', 'multiple areas', 'academic expertise', 'corporate world', 'central importance', 'wide range', 'Co. KG', 'strong emphasis', 'doctoral programmes', 'top performers', 'important pillar', 'developing countries', 'study centres', '125 partner universities', 'Interdisciplinary approach', 'Anführungsstriche', 'Länder', 'Company Law', 'eleven companies', 'following companies', 'regulatory law', 'Erweiterte Suche', 'environmental economics', 'Corporate partners', 'industries Hilfe', 'gesamte Kategorie', 'application-oriented regulation', 'public regulation', 'practical experience', 'close exchange', 'Management Practice', 'Finance programmes', 'Navigation', 'Angebote', 'Registrieren', 'Service', 'FCCR', 'effects', 'opportunities', 'topic', 'grip', 'directors', 'Civil', 'digitalisation', 'order', 'impact', 'cooperation', 'start', 'organisations', 'Daimler-Fonds', 'V.', 'experiences', 'managers', 'goal', 'question', 'instruments', 'functions', 'methods', 'FS', 'EQUIS', 'AMBA', 'AACSB', 'Bachelor', 'Master', 'seminars', 'professionals', 'trainees', 'example', 'activities', 'advice', 'support', 'businesses', 'emerging', 'field', 'sustainability/ESG.', 'addition', 'Hamburg', 'Munich', 'offices', 'Ankara', 'Amman', 'Brussels', 'Dubai', 'Istanbul', 'Nairobi', 'Beijing', 'information', 'frankfurt-school', 'benefits', 'Suchbegriffe', 'logie', 'Psycho', 'Wortgruppen', 'Auswahlkriterien', 'Sachgebiet', 'Kriterium']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,idw-online.de
3911,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.boerse.de/nachrichten/DGAP-News-Aggregate-Holdings-SA-Notice-of-results-of-put-option-and-intended-exercise-of-clean-up-call-option/33750803,DGAP-News: Aggregate Holdings SA: Notice of results of put option and intended exercise of clean-up call option,"We refer to the trust deed dated 11 June 2019 made originally between  amongst others  the Issuer and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as trustee (the ""Trustee"") (the ""Trust Deed"") (including the terms and conditions of the Bonds set out in schedule 1 ...","DGAP-News: Aggregate Holdings SA / Key word(s): StatementAggregate Holdings SA: Notice of results of put option and intended exercise of clean-up call option29.04.2022 / 15:40The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.NOTICE OF RESULTS OF PUT OPTION AND INTENDED EXERCISE OF CLEAN-UP CALL OPTIONTHIS NOTICE IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES THE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION OF HOLDERS. IF HOLDERS ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION THEY SHOULD TAKE  THEY SHOULD IMMEDIATELY CONSULT THEIR OWN INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL ADVISERS AUTHORISED UNDER THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000  AS AMENDED (IF THEY ARE LOCATED IN THE UNITED KINGDOM)  OR FROM OTHER APPROPRIATELY AUTHORISED INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL ADVISERS (IF THEY ARE LOCATED OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED KINGDOM).THIS NOTICE CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT IS OF INTEREST TO THE REGISTERED AND BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THE BONDS. IF APPLICABLE  ALL DEPOSITORIES  CUSTODIANS AND OTHER INTERMEDIARIES RECEIVING THIS NOTICE ARE REQUIRED TO EXPEDITE TRANSMISSION HEREOF TO BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THE BONDS IN A TIMELY MANNER. IF BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THE BONDS ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE MATTERS REFERRED TO IN THIS NOTICE  THEY SHOULD CONSULT THEIR STOCKBROKER  LAWYER  ACCOUNTANT OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER WITHOUT DELAY.THIS ANNOUNCEMENT MAY CONTAIN INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF ARTICLE 7 OF THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (EU) 596/2014 (""MAR"") AND REGULATION (EU) 596/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF DOMESTIC LAW IN THE UNITED KINGDOM BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018  AS AMENDED (""EUWA"") AND AS FURTHER AMENDED BY THE MARKET ABUSE (AMENDMENT) (EU EXIT) REGULATIONS 2019 (""UK MAR"").VIC PROPERTIES S.A.(a société anonyme  governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg)(""VIC"" or the ""Issuer"")EUR 250 000 000 3.00 per cent. Secured Pre-IPO Convertible Bonds due 2025 (ISIN XS1964739715)(the ""Bonds"")Luxembourg  29 April 2022For the purposes of MAR  UK MAR and Article 2 of Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/155 and Regulation 2016/155 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by the EUWA  this announcement is made by the directors of the Issuer.We refer to the trust deed dated 11 June 2019 made originally between  amongst others  the Issuer and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as trustee (the ""Trustee"") (the ""Trust Deed"") (including the terms and conditions of the Bonds set out in schedule 1 thereof).Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this notice shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Trust Deed.This notice is being provided on a voluntary basis for informational purposes only.Pursuant to Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Bondholders on any Optional Put Date)  the Bondholders have the right to require the Issuer to redeem the Bonds on the First Optional Put Date of 28 May 2022 (the ""Put Right"") at the Early Redemption Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest up to (but excluding) 28 May 2022. The Early Redemption Amount (as defined in the Conditions) amounts to 114 per cent. of each EUR 100 000 in principal amount of the Bonds to be redeemed (the ""Put Price""). The period for the Bondholders to exercise the Put Right by delivering an Optional Put Exercise Notice expired on 28 April 2022.Aggregate Holdings S.A. (""Aggregate"") and its subsidiary VIC hereby announce that VIC has been informed that  as of 28 April 2022  irrevocable Optional Put Exercise Notices have been delivered in accordance with Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Bondholders on any Optional Put Date) for an aggregate amount of EUR 240 700 000  thereby representing 96.28 per cent. of the total outstanding principal amount of the Bonds (being EUR 250 000 000).Pursuant to Condition 8(b)(iv) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer)  VIC as the Issuer has the right to redeem the remaining principal amount of the Bonds at any time  if 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Bonds originally issued have been redeemed  converted or purchased and cancelled (the ""Clean-up Call""). The exercise of such Clean-up Call will result in the redemption of the Bonds at a redemption price of 105 per cent. of their principal amount  together with accrued but unpaid interest up to the Optional Redemption Date (as defined in the Conditions) (the ""Call Price"").In light of the exercise of the Put Right by holders of 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Bonds originally issued  VIC as Issuer hereby gives notice of its intention to redeem the remaining outstanding Bonds at the Call Price by giving an Optional Redemption Notice to the relevant Bondholders in accordance with Condition 8(b)(iv) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer). This remains subject to successful conclusion of the refinancing transaction by the Issuer.Following the exercise of the Clean-up Call by VIC  the Bonds will be redeemed in full.This notice does not constitute an Optional Redemption Notice for the purposes of the Trust Deed or the Conditions.This information is subject to change without notice. This notice only speaks as of its date and does not imply that changes in any other information relating to the Bonds have not occurred. The delivery of this notice at any time does not imply that the information in it is correct as at any time subsequent to its date.Additional notices and documentation will be provided to the Bondholders as required by the Transaction Documents.This notice and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with this notice will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law.No person has been authorised to give information  or to make any representation in connection therewith  other than as contained herein. If made or given  such recommendation or any such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer  the Trustee or the Agents.This notice is not made in connection with a purchase or sale of the Bonds  and accordingly is not intended to contain all information material to a decision to purchase or sell the Bonds. This notice does not constitute or form part of  and should not be construed as  an offer for sale  exchange or subscription of  or a solicitation of any offer to buy  exchange or subscribe for  any securities of the Issuer or any other entity in any jurisdiction. The distribution of this notice may nonetheless be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this notice comes are required by the Issuer  the Trustee and the Agents to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions. This notice does not constitute a solicitation in any circumstances in which such solicitation is unlawful. None of the Issuer  the Trustee or the Agents will incur any liability for its own failure or the failure of any other person or persons to comply with the provisions of any such restrictions.ContactBenjamin Lee  Chief Financial OfficerTel : +352 20 30 14 60Mob : +44 7415 121218b.lee@aggregateholdings.comBoris Lemke  Investment DirectorTel : +352 20 30 14 60Mob : +44 7943 025474b.lemke@aggregateholdings.comAbout Aggregate Holdings SAAggregate is a predominantly German-focused real estate investment company  with interests also in Portugal. As at H1 2021  the company had €8.3bn of assets and a project portfolio with €9.5bn Gross Development Value. In its Build & Hold division  Aggregate owns Quartier Heidestrasse  the largest mixed use real estate development project in central Berlin with c.295 000 sqm of gross construction area (""GCA"")  Fürst  the prime commercial asset located on Kurfürstendamm in central Berlin with c. 183 000 sqm of GCA  and Walter and Green Living projects in Berlin with a combined GCA of 620 000 sqm. Aggregate also owns in its Build & Sell division VIC Properties  the largest real estate developer in Portugal with c.570 000 sqm of GCA and €2.8bn Gross Development Value. Additionally  Aggregate holds a c.6% stake in Adler Group SA  one of the largest residential real estate players in Germany.",neutral,0.02,0.9,0.07,mixed,0.32,0.25,0.43,True,English,"['Aggregate Holdings SA', 'clean-up call option', 'put option', 'intended exercise', 'DGAP-News', 'Notice', 'results', 'OTHER APPROPRIATELY AUTHORISED INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL ADVISERS', 'irrevocable Optional Put Exercise Notices', 'OWN INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL ADVISERS', 'Deutsche Trustee Company Limited', 'Aggregate Holdings S.A.', 'VIC PROPERTIES S.A.', 'Secured Pre-IPO Convertible Bonds', 'total outstanding principal amount', 'OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER', 'The Early Redemption Amount', 'Optional Put Date', 'société anonyme', 'Aggregate Holdings SA', 'Optional Redemption Date', 'remaining principal amount', 'Commission Implementing Regulation', 'remaining outstanding Bonds', 'MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'Optional Redemption Notice', 'clean-up call option', 'OTHER INTERMEDIARIES', 'aggregate amount', 'Put Price', 'put option', 'Put Right', 'intended exercise', 'Call Price', 'redemption price', 'Key word', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'FINANCIAL SERVICES', 'UNITED KINGDOM', 'BENEFICIAL OWNERS', 'TRANSMISSION HEREOF', 'TIMELY MANNER', 'DOMESTIC LAW', 'EUROPEAN UNION', 'EXIT) REGULATIONS', 'Grand Duchy', 'trust deed', 'voluntary basis', '114 per cent', '96.28 per cent', '80 per cent', '105 per cent', 'successful conclusion', 'refinancing transaction', 'IMPORTANT INFORMATION', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'unpaid interest', 'MARKETS ACT', 'UK MAR', 'Capitalised terms', 'informational purposes', 'relevant Bondholders', 'ANNOUNCEMENT MAY', 'BONDS.', '28 May', 'DGAP-News', 'Statement', 'results', 'issuer', 'content', 'DOUBT', 'IMMEDIATELY', 'OUTSIDE', 'REGISTERED', 'DEPOSITORIES', 'CUSTODIANS', 'IF', 'MATTERS', 'STOCKBROKER', 'LAWYER', 'ACCOUNTANT', 'DELAY', 'ARTICLE', 'FORMS', 'PART', 'VIRTUE', 'WITHDRAWAL', 'EUWA', 'FURTHER', 'AMENDMENT', 'laws', 'Luxembourg', '29 April', 'directors', 'others', 'conditions', 'schedule', 'meanings', 'First', 'accrued', 'period', '28 April', 'subsidiary', 'accordance', 'light', 'intention', 'change']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,boerse.de
3912,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.imittelstand.de/themen/presse.html?boxid=1110059,Logwin increases sales and earnings significantly again in the first quarter of 2022,With its two business segments Solutions and Air + Ocean  Logwin AG is one of the leaders in the market. Logwin AG is listed in the Prime Standard of the Deutsche Börse. The majority shareholder is DELTON Logistics S.à r.l.  Grevenmacher (Luxembourg).,Logwin increases sales and earnings significantly again in the first quarter of 2022Logwin Q1 2022 Quarterly statement […]Grevenmacher (Luxembourg)  29.04.2022 (PresseBox) - .Overall economic conditionsIn the first quarter of 2022  the development of the global economy continued to be dominated by the effects of the COVID 19 pandemic and  from March  by the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the resulting sanctions and embargo measures by the USA and Europe. In general  the recovery continued and in some economies pre-crisis levels were already reached. Significantly rising inflation rates were registered worldwide at the beginning of the year and are increasingly seen as a risk to further growth. The main reasons for this are additional increases in the already high prices for energy and raw materials  a further strain on already tight supply chains  and high general uncertainty. In the services sector in particular  as well as in the retail sector  a further recovery is expected once the measures to contain the COVID 19 pandemic have been discontinued. In China  on the other hand  economic development in the first quarter of 2022 was restricted by tough measures to combat the pandemic.Due to the high level of uncertainty surrounding the further course of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and its effects  leading economic research companies have revised their economic forecasts for the year as a whole significantly downwards  with the result that only slight global economic expansion is currently expected.The overall economic recovery had a positive effect on the Logwin Group in the first quarter due to catch-up effects with capacities remaining tight. Freight rates in the first quarter of 2022 were consistently well above the first quarter of the previous year.Net assets  financial situation and earnings positionRevenues In the first three months of 2022  Logwin Group sales increased by 61.5 % to EUR 587.9 million (2021: EUR 363.9 million). The Air + Ocean business segment generated sales of EUR 471.9 million  a significant increase of EUR 183.4 million on the previous year (2021: EUR 288.5 million) due to the very strong year-on-year rise in freight rates in ocean and air freight. At EUR 116.8 million  sales in the Solutions business segment were also up on the previous year's figure of EUR 75.5 million  in particular due to increased volumes in the international transport business and the recovery in the retail sector following the closures ordered by the authorities in the first quarter of 2021.EBITA The Logwin Group generated an operating result of EUR 38.3 million in the first three months of 2022  more than doubling the previous year's result by EUR 21.9 million (2021: EUR 16.4 million). The Air + Ocean business segment further increased its profitability and achieved quarterly earnings significantly above the level of the previous year. Earnings at the Solutions business segment also increased significantly year-on-year in the first quarter of 2022 due to a positive development in key business areas and a one-time effect.Net result The Logwin Group's net result for the period amounted to EUR 28.3 million in the first three months of 2022 (2021: EUR 12.5 million) due to the significant increase in operating profit.Free cash flow The Logwin Group's free cash flow in the first quarter of 2022 was above the previous year's figure due to earnings and lower payments for investments with offsetting effects from the development of working capital. The overall financial situation and liquidity of the Logwin Group were further strengthened.Risks and change in forecastOverall  the risk situation for the Logwin Group has not changed significantly compared with the information provided in the Annual Financial Report 2021. At the same time  it is currently characterized by a high level of uncertainty regarding the further development of the Ukraine war with its additional intensification of already existing tension factors. The risk of a situation-related renewed intensification of measures to combat the COVID 19 pandemic remains. As part of its consistent risk management  Logwin identifies emerging risks at an early stage and systematically pursues their minimization. Nevertheless  an unexpected negative impact on the net assets  financial position and earnings position of the Logwin Group cannot be ruled out. With regard to other existing and potential risks  we refer to the Annual Financial Report 2021.The Logwin Group continues to expect a gradual normalization of freight rate levels as well as dampening geopolitical effects  which should compensate for the sales increases seen in the first quarter. For the operating result of the Logwin Group and the business segments Air + Ocean and Solutions  the Logwin Group also continues to expect a weakening of the previous year's developments in the course of 2022. Overall  the annual result is expected to be lower than in the previous year.The aforementioned key performance indicators (KPIs) are an integral part of Logwin Group’s system of key figures and are described and defined in the section „Financial Performance Management“ of the management report of the Annual Financial Report 2021 in line with the European Securities and Markets Authority‘s (ESMA) Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (APM) dated 5 October 2015.The Quarterly Statement as of 31 March 2022 of Logwin Group is available on the internet atwww.logwin-logistics.comAnsprechpartnerSebastian Esser+352 719690-1112Zuständigkeitsbereich: Chief Financial OfficerÜber Logwin AG:Logwin AG (Grevenmacher  Luxembourg) provides efficient logistics and transport solutions for its customers from industry and trade. In 2021  the group generated sales of EUR 1.9bn and currently employs about 4 100 staff. Logwin operates in all main markets worldwide and has around 190 locations on six continents. With its two business segments Solutions and Air + Ocean  Logwin AG is one of the leaders in the market.Logwin AG is listed in the Prime Standard of the Deutsche Börse. The majority shareholder is DELTON Logistics S.à r.l.  Grevenmacher (Luxembourg).Datei-Anlagen:(65 kB)1305538.attachmentLogwin Q1 2022 Quarterly statement,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,negative,0.04,0.16,0.8,True,English,"['first quarter', 'Logwin', 'sales', 'earnings', 'The Air + Ocean business segment', 'leading economic research companies', 'slight global economic expansion', 'Logwin Q1 2022 Quarterly statement', 'Solutions business segment', 'international transport business', 'key business areas', 'Overall economic conditions', 'tight supply chains', 'Free cash flow', 'unexpected negative impact', 'The Logwin Group', 'key performance indicators', 'existing tension factors', 'rising inflation rates', 'Annual Financial Report', 'first three months', 'overall financial situation', 'consistent risk management', 'freight rate levels', 'overall economic recovery', 'high general uncertainty', 'Logwin Group sales', 'air freight', 'business segments', 'global economy', 'economic forecasts', 'key figures', 'financial position', 'Freight rates', 'crisis levels', 'quarterly earnings', 'other existing', 'economic development', 'annual result', 'high prices', 'first quarter', 'risk situation', 'Russian invasion', 'resulting sanctions', 'main reasons', 'additional increases', 'raw materials', 'services sector', 'retail sector', 'other hand', 'Russia-Ukraine conflict', 'positive effect', 'Net assets', 'significant increase', 'one-time effect', 'operating profit', 'lower payments', 'working capital', 'same time', 'early stage', 'gradual normalization', 'high level', 'COVID 19 pandemic', 'previous year', 'year rise', 'operating result', 'Net result', 'emerging risks', 'potential risks', 'catch-up effects', 'offsetting effects', 'geopolitical effects', 'sales increases', 'embargo measures', 'tough measures', 'earnings position', 'Ukraine war', 'additional intensification', 'integral part', 'positive development', 'Grevenmacher', 'Luxembourg', 'PresseBox', 'March', 'USA', 'Europe', 'economies', 'beginning', 'growth', 'energy', 'strain', 'China', 'course', 'capacities', 'Revenues', 'strong', 'volumes', 'closures', 'authorities', 'EBITA', 'profitability', 'period', 'investments', 'liquidity', 'change', 'information', 'situation-related', 'minimization', 'regard', 'weakening', 'developments', 'KPIs', 'system']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,imittelstand.de
3913,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/annual-report-2021-acceleration-digital-115900094.html,Annual Report 2021: A year of acceleration for digital engineering leader Nagarro,In addition to the strong growth  the inclusion in the SDAX and the TecDAX of Deutsche Börse were particular highlights of the 2021 financial year. Demand was strong for Nagarro's services  while the supply of talent remained constrained. Revenues grew to ...,"Revenues grew 28.6% in constant currency YoY; Adjusted EBITDA is 14.6% of revenueNet addition of over 5 000 employeesInclusion in SDAX and TecDAX among milestones in 2021MUNICH  April 29  2022 /CNW/ -- Nagarro  a global leader in digital engineering  today presented its audited financial numbers for 2021  its first full year as an independent company. In addition to the strong growth  the inclusion in the SDAX and the TecDAX of Deutsche Börse were particular highlights of the 2021 financial year. Demand was strong for Nagarro's services  while the supply of talent remained constrained. Revenues grew to €546.0 million in 2021 from €430.4 million in 2020  a growth of 26.9%. In constant currency  2021 YoY revenue growth was 28.6%. Gross profit grew in 2021 to €154.4 million from €140.2 million in 2020. Gross margin dropped  changing from 32.6% in 2020 to 28.3% in 2021. Adjusted EBITDA grew 4.6% from €76.2 million (17.7% of revenue) in 2020 to €79.7 million (14.6% of revenue) in 2021. It may be noted that 2020 included the effect of salary cuts in response to the onset of the Covid-19 pandemic.Sandeep Anand  NagarroEBITDA increased by €4.1 million from €66.2 million in 2020 to €70.3 million in 2021. EBIT increased by €1.2 million from €44.5 million in 2020 to €45.7 million in 2021. Net profit increased by €5.6 million to €30.0 million in 2021 against €24.4 million in 2020.The annual report also carried results for Q4 2021. Notably  Q4 2021 revenues grew YoY by 48.7% over Q4 2020 and grew QoQ by 15.0% over Q3 2021.Sandeep Anand  Managing Director  said  ""Nagarro continues to benefit from the surge in demand for digital engineering services. At the same time  this rapid growth demonstrates the inherent resilience and agility of Nagarro's organizational design and culture.""Download Nagarro's 2021 Annual Report at https://annualreport.nagarro.comAbout NagarroNagarro  a global digital engineering leader  helps clients become innovative  digital-first companies and thus win in their markets. The company is distinguished by its entrepreneurial  agile  and global character  its CARING mindset  and its approach of thinking breakthroughs. Nagarro employs over 15 000 people in 28 countries. For more information  visit www.nagarro.com.Story continuesFRA: NA9 (SDAX  ISIN DE000A3H2200  WKN A3H220)For inquiries  please contact press@nagarro.comNagarro (PRNewsfoto/Nagarro)CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/annual-report-2021-a-year-of-acceleration-for-digital-engineering-leader-nagarro-301536228.htmlSOURCE NagarroCisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/April2022/29/c2014.html",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.21,0.33,0.45,True,English,"['digital engineering leader', 'Annual Report', 'year', 'acceleration', 'Nagarro', 'global digital engineering leader', 'Deutsche Börse', 'innovative, digital-first companies', 'first full year', 'digital engineering services', 'global leader', '2021 YoY revenue growth', 'global character', 'constant currency', 'financial numbers', 'strong growth', 'particular highlights', '2021 financial year', 'Gross profit', 'Gross margin', 'salary cuts', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'Sandeep Anand', 'Net profit', 'annual report', 'Managing Director', 'same time', 'rapid growth', 'inherent resilience', 'organizational design', 'CARING mindset', 'thinking breakthroughs', 'WKN A3H220', 'original content', 'Net addition', 'independent company', 'SOURCE Nagarro', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'Q4 2021 revenues', '5,000 employees', 'Inclusion', 'SDAX', 'TecDAX', 'milestones', 'MUNICH', 'April', 'Demand', 'supply', 'talent', 'effect', 'response', 'onset', 'results', 'QoQ', 'Q3', 'surge', 'agility', 'culture', 'annualreport', 'clients', 'markets', 'approach', '15,000 people', '28 countries', 'information', 'Story', 'FRA', 'NA9', 'ISIN', 'inquiries', 'PRNewsfoto/Nagarro', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'prnewswire', 'news-releases', 'annual-report', 'acceleration', 'digital-engineering-leader-nagarro']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,ca.finance.yahoo.com
3914,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/dgap-news-logwin-ag-logwin-increases-sales-and-earnings-significantly-again-in-the-first-quarter-of-2022-1031401782,DGAP-News: Logwin AG: Logwin increases sales and earnings significantly again in the first quarter of 2022,Logwin AG is listed in the Prime Standard of the Deutsche Börse. The majority shareholder is DELTON Logistics S.à r.l.  Grevenmacher (Luxembourg). 29.04.2022 Dissemination of a Corporate News ...,"DGAP-News: Logwin AG / Key word(s): Quarterly / Interim StatementLogwin AG: Logwin increases sales and earnings significantly again in the first quarter of 2022 (news with additional features)29.04.2022 / 11:28The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Overall economic conditionsGrevenmacher (Luxembourg) - In the first quarter of 2022  the development of the global economy continued to be dominated by the effects of the COVID 19 pandemic and  from March  by the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the resulting sanctions and embargo measures by the USA and Europe. In general  the recovery continued and in some economies pre-crisis levels were already reached. Significantly rising Inflation rates were registered worldwide at the beginning of the year and are increasingly seen as a risk to further growth. The main reasons for this are additional increases in the already high prices for energy and raw materials  a further strain on already tight supply chains  and high general uncertainty. In the services sector in particular  as well as in the retail sector  a further recovery is expected once the measures to contain the COVID 19 pandemic have been discontinued. In China  on the other hand  economic development in the first quarter of 2022 was restricted by tough measures to combat the pandemic.Due to the high level of uncertainty surrounding the further course of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and its effects  leading economic research companies have revised their economic forecasts for the year as a whole significantly downwards  with the result that only slight global economic expansion is currently expected.The overall economic recovery had a positive effect on the Logwin Group in the first quarter due to catch-up effects with capacities remaining tight. Freight rates in the first quarter of 2022 were consistently well above the first quarter of the previous year.Net assets  financial situation and earnings positionRevenues In the first three months of 2022  Logwin Group sales increased by 61.5 % to EUR 587.9 million (2021: EUR 363.9 million). The Air + Ocean business segment generated sales of EUR 471.9 million  a significant increase of EUR 183.4 million on the previous year (2021: EUR 288.5 million) due to the very strong year-on-year rise in freight rates in ocean and air freight. At EUR 116.8 million  sales in the Solutions business segment were also up on the previous year's figure of EUR 75.5 million  in particular due to increased volumes in the international transport business and the recovery in the retail sector following the closures ordered by the authorities in the first quarter of 2021.EBITA The Logwin Group generated an operating result of EUR 38.3 million in the first three months of 2022  more than doubling the previous year's result by EUR 21.9 million (2021: EUR 16.4 million). The Air + Ocean business segment further increased its profitability and achieved quarterly earnings significantly above the level of the previous year. Earnings at the Solutions business segment also increased significantly year-on-year in the first quarter of 2022 due to a positive development in key business areas and a one-time effect.Net result The Logwin Group's net result for the period amounted to EUR 28.3 million in the first three months of 2022 (2021: EUR 12.5 million) due to the significant increase in operating profit.Free cash flow The Logwin Group's free cash flow in the first quarter of 2022 was above the previous year's figure due to earnings and lower payments for investments with offsetting effects from the development of working capital. The overall financial situation and liquidity of the Logwin Group were further strengthened.Risks and change in forecastOverall  the risk situation for the Logwin Group has not changed significantly compared with the information provided in the Annual Financial Report 2021. At the same time  it is currently characterized by a high level of uncertainty regarding the further development of the Ukraine war with its additional intensification of already existing tension factors. The risk of a situation-related renewed intensification of measures to combat the COVID 19 pandemic remains. As part of its consistent risk management  Logwin identifies emerging risks at an early stage and systematically pursues their minimization. Nevertheless  an unexpected negative impact on the net assets  financial position and earnings position of the Logwin Group cannot be ruled out. With regard to other existing and potential risks  we refer to the Annual Financial Report 2021.The Logwin Group continues to expect a gradual normalization of freight rate levels as well as dampening geopolitical effects  which should compensate for the sales increases seen in the first quarter. For the operating result of the Logwin Group and the business segments Air + Ocean and Solutions  the Logwin Group also continues to expect a weakening of the previous year's developments in the course of 2022. Overall  the annual result is expected to be lower than in the previous year.The aforementioned key performance indicators (KPIs) are an integral part of Logwin Group's system of key figures and are described and defined in the section ""Financial Performance Management"" of the management report of the Annual Financial Report 2021 in line with the European Securities and Markets Authority's (ESMA) Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (APM) dated 5 October 2015.The Quarterly Statement as of 31 March 2022 of Logwin Group is available on the internet atwww.logwin-logistics.comAbout Logwin AGLogwin AG (Grevenmacher  Luxembourg) provides efficient logistics and transport solutions for its customers from industry and trade. In 2021  the group generated sales of EUR 1.9bn and currently employs about 4 100 staff. Logwin operates in all main markets worldwide and has around 190 locations on six continents. With its two business segments Solutions and Air + Ocean  Logwin AG is one of the leaders in the market.Logwin AG is listed in the Prime Standard of the Deutsche Börse. The majority shareholder is DELTON Logistics S.à r.l.  Grevenmacher (Luxembourg).Contact: www.logwin-logistics.comSebastian EsserChief Financial OfficerPhone: +352 719690-1112sebastian.esser@logwin-logistics.com",neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,negative,0.04,0.16,0.8,True,English,"['first quarter', 'Logwin AG', 'DGAP-News', 'sales', 'earnings', 'The Air + Ocean business segment', 'leading economic research companies', 'slight global economic expansion', 'Solutions business segment', 'international transport business', 'key business areas', 'Overall economic conditions', 'tight supply chains', 'Free cash flow', 'unexpected negative impact', 'The Logwin Group', 'existing tension factors', 'rising Inflation rates', 'Annual Financial Report', 'first three months', 'overall financial situation', 'consistent risk management', 'freight rate levels', 'overall economic recovery', 'high general uncertainty', 'Logwin Group sales', 'air freight', 'business segments', 'global economy', 'economic forecasts', 'financial position', 'Freight rates', 'Key word', 'crisis levels', 'other existing', 'economic development', 'annual result', 'high prices', 'first quarter', 'Logwin AG', 'risk situation', 'Interim Statement', 'additional features', 'Russian invasion', 'resulting sanctions', 'main reasons', 'additional increases', 'raw materials', 'services sector', 'retail sector', 'other hand', 'Russia-Ukraine conflict', 'positive effect', 'Net assets', 'significant increase', 'one-time effect', 'operating profit', 'lower payments', 'working capital', 'same time', 'early stage', 'gradual normalization', 'high level', 'COVID 19 pandemic', 'previous year', 'strong year', 'year rise', 'operating result', 'Net result', 'emerging risks', 'potential risks', 'catch-up effects', 'offsetting effects', 'geopolitical effects', 'sales increases', 'embargo measures', 'tough measures', 'earnings position', 'Ukraine war', 'additional intensification', 'positive development', 'quarterly earnings', 'DGAP-News', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Grevenmacher', 'Luxembourg', 'March', 'USA', 'Europe', 'economies', 'beginning', 'growth', 'energy', 'strain', 'China', 'course', 'capacities', 'Revenues', 'figure', 'volumes', 'closures', 'authorities', 'EBITA', 'profitability', 'period', 'investments', 'liquidity', 'change', 'information', 'situation-related', 'part', 'minimization', 'regard', 'weakening', 'developments', '2022']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,markets.businessinsider.com
3915,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.dgap.de/dgap/News/corporate/logwin-logwin-increases-sales-and-earnings-significantly-again-the-first-quarter-news-with-additional-features/?newsID=1563275,Logwin AG: Logwin increases sales and earnings significantly again in the first quarter of 2022 (news with additional features),With its two business segments Solutions and Air + Ocean  Logwin AG is one of the leaders in the market. Logwin AG is listed in the Prime Standard of the Deutsche Börse. The majority shareholder is DELTON Logistics S.à r.l.  Grevenmacher (Luxembourg).,"DGAP-News: Logwin AG / Key word(s): Quarterly / Interim StatementLogwin AG: Logwin increases sales and earnings significantly again in the first quarter of 2022 (news with additional features)The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Overall economic conditionsGrevenmacher (Luxembourg) - In the first quarter of 2022  the development of the global economy continued to be dominated by the effects of the COVID 19 pandemic and  from March  by the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the resulting sanctions and embargo measures by the USA and Europe. In general  the recovery continued and in some economies pre-crisis levels were already reached. Significantly rising inflation rates were registered worldwide at the beginning of the year and are increasingly seen as a risk to further growth. The main reasons for this are additional increases in the already high prices for energy and raw materials  a further strain on already tight supply chains  and high general uncertainty. In the services sector in particular  as well as in the retail sector  a further recovery is expected once the measures to contain the COVID 19 pandemic have been discontinued. In China  on the other hand  economic development in the first quarter of 2022 was restricted by tough measures to combat the pandemic.Due to the high level of uncertainty surrounding the further course of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and its effects  leading economic research companies have revised their economic forecasts for the year as a whole significantly downwards  with the result that only slight global economic expansion is currently expected.The overall economic recovery had a positive effect on the Logwin Group in the first quarter due to catch-up effects with capacities remaining tight. Freight rates in the first quarter of 2022 were consistently well above the first quarter of the previous year.Net assets  financial situation and earnings positionRevenues In the first three months of 2022  Logwin Group sales increased by 61.5 % to EUR 587.9 million (2021: EUR 363.9 million). The Air + Ocean business segment generated sales of EUR 471.9 million  a significant increase of EUR 183.4 million on the previous year (2021: EUR 288.5 million) due to the very strong year-on-year rise in freight rates in ocean and air freight. At EUR 116.8 million  sales in the Solutions business segment were also up on the previous year's figure of EUR 75.5 million  in particular due to increased volumes in the international transport business and the recovery in the retail sector following the closures ordered by the authorities in the first quarter of 2021.EBITA The Logwin Group generated an operating result of EUR 38.3 million in the first three months of 2022  more than doubling the previous year's result by EUR 21.9 million (2021: EUR 16.4 million). The Air + Ocean business segment further increased its profitability and achieved quarterly earnings significantly above the level of the previous year. Earnings at the Solutions business segment also increased significantly year-on-year in the first quarter of 2022 due to a positive development in key business areas and a one-time effect.Net result The Logwin Group's net result for the period amounted to EUR 28.3 million in the first three months of 2022 (2021: EUR 12.5 million) due to the significant increase in operating profit.Free cash flow The Logwin Group's free cash flow in the first quarter of 2022 was above the previous year's figure due to earnings and lower payments for investments with offsetting effects from the development of working capital. The overall financial situation and liquidity of the Logwin Group were further strengthened.Risks and change in forecastOverall  the risk situation for the Logwin Group has not changed significantly compared with the information provided in the Annual Financial Report 2021. At the same time  it is currently characterized by a high level of uncertainty regarding the further development of the Ukraine war with its additional intensification of already existing tension factors. The risk of a situation-related renewed intensification of measures to combat the COVID 19 pandemic remains. As part of its consistent risk management  Logwin identifies emerging risks at an early stage and systematically pursues their minimization. Nevertheless  an unexpected negative impact on the net assets  financial position and earnings position of the Logwin Group cannot be ruled out. With regard to other existing and potential risks  we refer to the Annual Financial Report 2021.The Logwin Group continues to expect a gradual normalization of freight rate levels as well as dampening geopolitical effects  which should compensate for the sales increases seen in the first quarter. For the operating result of the Logwin Group and the business segments Air + Ocean and Solutions  the Logwin Group also continues to expect a weakening of the previous year's developments in the course of 2022. Overall  the annual result is expected to be lower than in the previous year.The aforementioned key performance indicators (KPIs) are an integral part of Logwin Group's system of key figures and are described and defined in the section ""Financial Performance Management"" of the management report of the Annual Financial Report 2021 in line with the European Securities and Markets Authority's (ESMA) Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (APM) dated 5 October 2015.The Quarterly Statement as of 31 March 2022 of Logwin Group is available on the internet atwww.logwin-logistics.comAbout Logwin AGLogwin AG (Grevenmacher  Luxembourg) provides efficient logistics and transport solutions for its customers from industry and trade. In 2021  the group generated sales of EUR 1.9bn and currently employs about 4 100 staff. Logwin operates in all main markets worldwide and has around 190 locations on six continents. With its two business segments Solutions and Air + Ocean  Logwin AG is one of the leaders in the market.Logwin AG is listed in the Prime Standard of the Deutsche Börse. The majority shareholder is DELTON Logistics S.à r.l.  Grevenmacher (Luxembourg).Contact: www.logwin-logistics.comSebastian EsserChief Financial OfficerPhone: +352 719690-1112sebastian.esser@logwin-logistics.com",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.04,0.16,0.8,True,English,"['first quarter', 'additional features', 'Logwin AG', 'sales', 'earnings', 'news', 'The Air + Ocean business segment', 'leading economic research companies', 'slight global economic expansion', 'Solutions business segment', 'international transport business', 'key business areas', 'Overall economic conditions', 'tight supply chains', 'Free cash flow', 'unexpected negative impact', 'The Logwin Group', 'existing tension factors', 'rising inflation rates', 'Annual Financial Report', 'first three months', 'overall financial situation', 'consistent risk management', 'freight rate levels', 'overall economic recovery', 'high general uncertainty', 'Logwin Group sales', 'air freight', 'business segments', 'global economy', 'economic forecasts', 'financial position', 'Freight rates', 'Key word', 'crisis levels', 'other existing', 'economic development', 'annual result', 'high prices', 'first quarter', 'Logwin AG', 'risk situation', 'Interim Statement', 'additional features', 'Russian invasion', 'resulting sanctions', 'main reasons', 'additional increases', 'raw materials', 'services sector', 'retail sector', 'other hand', 'Russia-Ukraine conflict', 'positive effect', 'Net assets', 'significant increase', 'one-time effect', 'operating profit', 'lower payments', 'working capital', 'same time', 'early stage', 'gradual normalization', 'high level', 'COVID 19 pandemic', 'previous year', 'year rise', 'operating result', 'Net result', 'emerging risks', 'potential risks', 'catch-up effects', 'offsetting effects', 'geopolitical effects', 'sales increases', 'embargo measures', 'tough measures', 'earnings position', 'Ukraine war', 'additional intensification', 'positive development', 'quarterly earnings', 'DGAP-News', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Grevenmacher', 'Luxembourg', 'March', 'USA', 'Europe', 'economies', 'beginning', 'growth', 'energy', 'strain', 'China', 'course', 'capacities', 'Revenues', 'strong', 'figure', 'volumes', 'closures', 'authorities', 'EBITA', 'profitability', 'period', 'investments', 'liquidity', 'change', 'information', 'situation-related', 'part', 'minimization', 'regard', 'weakening', 'developments']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,dgap.de
3916,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://ibsintelligence.com/ibsi-news/deutsche-borse-group-partners-with-databp-to-digitise-market-data-licensing/,Deutsche Börse Group partners with DataBP to digitise market data licensing,DataBP  the data licensing and subscription management platform  announced that it has partnered with Deutsche Börse Group to implement a digital data licensing and management platform to streamline business operations and optimize the customer experience ...,Deutsche Börse Group partners with DataBP to digitise market data licensingBy Joy DumasiaToday AnalysisData AnalysisDataBP ShareDataBP  the data licensing and subscription management platform  announced that it has partnered with Deutsche Börse Group to implement a digital data licensing and management platform to streamline business operations and optimize the customer experience for its Market Data + Services (MD+S) business.Deutsche Börse Group supports a global client base with market data and services through a broad and diverse network of distribution channels. The diversity and scale of Deutsche Börse’s data business are amongst the largest of global exchanges  requiring significant resources to support and maintain. DataBP’s platform provides Deutsche Börse with the opportunity to take systems and processes to the next level of digitalization and enhance the customer experience.In order to make the subscription process for Deutsche Börse’s real-time market data Information Products more navigable and to make it easier for customers to understand and acquire usage licenses  Deutsche Börse has released new features within its online contract management portal called ‘MD+S interactive’ which are based on DataBP’s platform. MD+S interactive allows clients to navigate and manage their data licensing and subscriptions and enables Deutsche Börse to manage these relationships at scale better.Dr. Sven Wohlfarth  Director of Data Services Operations at DBAG  said: “The upgrade of our online contract management tool is part of our high-level strategy to ensure the availability of our data for all use cases at any time and in the most efficient way possible. Our work with DataBP has been a successful partnership. DataBP’s deep knowledge of automating the data licensing process helps us to enter a stage where clients can immediately subscribe to our Information Products using MD+S interactive. The implementation process has been seamless and is a testament to DataBP team’s flexibility and responsiveness.”Mark Schaedel  CEO of DataBP  commented: “We are thrilled to add Deutsche Börse to our community of global exchanges that are modernizing the market data business model. Our platform is designed to support the rapid onboarding of clients and launch of new products by streamlining conventional business processes. Partnering with Deutsche Börse brings the opportunity for significant impact in terms of introducing innovation and affecting change in the industry. The role and use of data in today’s capital markets has outpaced the evolution of the market data business model. We are focused on building a community of the largest providers of data to share in the cost of innovation and bring efficiencies to the industry.”,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.81,0.17,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group partners', 'market data licensing', 'DataBP', 'Deutsche Börse Group partners', 'real-time market data Information Products', 'online contract management portal', 'online contract management tool', 'market data business model', 'Market Data + Services', 'Dr. Sven Wohlfarth', 'market data licensing', 'Analysis Data Analysis', 'global client base', 'digital data licensing', 'Data Services Operations', 'conventional business processes', 'data licensing process', 'subscription management platform', 'business operations', 'new products', 'MD+S) business', 'subscription process', 'global exchanges', 'implementation process', 'Joy Dumasia', 'customer experience', 'diverse network', 'distribution channels', 'significant resources', 'next level', 'usage licenses', 'new features', 'MD+S interactive', 'high-level strategy', 'efficient way', 'successful partnership', 'deep knowledge', 'Mark Schaedel', 'rapid onboarding', 'significant impact', 'capital markets', 'largest providers', 'use cases', 'DataBP Share', 'DataBP team', 'broad', 'diversity', 'scale', 'opportunity', 'systems', 'digitalization', 'order', 'customers', 'clients', 'subscriptions', 'relationships', 'Director', 'DBAG', 'upgrade', 'availability', 'stage', 'testament', 'flexibility', 'responsiveness', 'CEO', 'community', 'launch', 'Partnering', 'terms', 'innovation', 'industry', 'role', 'today', 'evolution', 'cost', 'efficiencies']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,ibsintelligence.com
3917,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,On 29 Apr 2021  (1/2)- @WisdomTreeEU lists #Ethereum ETP on Deutsche Boerse @Xetra &amp; Swiss Stock Exchange-… https://t.co/IBh1AJ5T5q,nan,On 29 Apr 2021  (1/2)- @WisdomTreeEU lists #Ethereum ETP on Deutsche Boerse @Xetra &amp; Swiss Stock Exchange-… https://t.co/IBh1AJ5T5q,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Swiss Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse', '29 Apr', 'Xetra', 'amp', 'IBh1AJ5T5q', 'Swiss Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse', '29 Apr', 'Xetra', 'amp', 'IBh1AJ5T5q']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,Unknown
3918,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Join a free tour of the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022 exhibition TONIGHT from 6.30pm with curato… https://t.co/I2TSjZNXs4,nan,Join a free tour of the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022 exhibition TONIGHT from 6.30pm with curato… https://t.co/I2TSjZNXs4,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022 exhibition', 'free tour', 'TONIGHT', '6.30pm', 'curato', 'I2TSjZNXs4', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022 exhibition', 'free tour', 'TONIGHT', '6.30pm', 'curato', 'I2TSjZNXs4']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,Unknown
3919,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,THERE WE GO!!! RAZZIA @ Deutsche Bank!!!All Evil must fall.....#AMC #AMCARMY #AMCNEVERLEAVING @Sugarkush6… https://t.co/zWJPGUmUIH,nan,THERE WE GO!!! RAZZIA @ Deutsche Bank!!!All Evil must fall.....#AMC #AMCARMY #AMCNEVERLEAVING @Sugarkush6… https://t.co/zWJPGUmUIH,mixed,0.22,0.17,0.61,mixed,0.22,0.17,0.61,True,English,"['Deutsche Bank', 'RAZZIA', 'Evil', 'AMC', 'Sugarkush6', 'zWJPGUmUIH', 'Deutsche Bank', 'RAZZIA', 'Evil', 'AMC', 'Sugarkush6', 'zWJPGUmUIH']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,Unknown
3920,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/proactis-sa-financial-information-6m-160500030.html,Proactis SA Financial Information 6m 01 22,Proactis SA announces financial information for the 6 months ended 31 January 2022 Paris – 29 April 2022 – Proactis SA (Euronext: PROAC)  a leading provider ...,Proactis SA.Proactis SA announces financial information for the 6 months ended 31 January 2022Paris – 29 April 2022 – Proactis SA (Euronext: PROAC)  a leading provider of comprehensive spend management and business process collaboration solutions  today announced financial information for the 6 months ended 31 January 2022  in accordance with the “European Transparency Obligations Directive” financial disclosure requirements.Financial data€ Million 6 months ended 31 January 2021 6 months ended 31 January 2022 Revenue (*) 5.8 6.8 EBITDA (**) 0.6 1.1 Net Earnings (0.7) (0.3) Operating Cashflow (0.2) 0.2 Cash 0.8 0.5 (*) Revenue has been amended to reflect the impact of the Group Management fees.(**) EBITDA: Operating result before depreciation and non-recurring items.Accounts for the 6 months to 31 January 2022 have been reviewed by auditors and were approved by the Proactis SA Board of Directors on 26 April 2022.Revenue in the 6 months to 31 January 2022 was €6.8m  17% higher than the period to 31 January 2021.This increase is due to the addition of management fees relating transfer pricing agreements with Proactis Holding Ltd. Revenue is split as follow:€ Million 6 months ended 31 January 2021 6 months ended 31 January 2022 Revenue (*) 5.8 6.8 Operating revenue 5.5 4.8 Management fees 0.3 1.9Operating revenue is at €4.8m  13% lower than the period to 31 January 2021. As previously communicated in February  this is principally due to the non-renewal of contracts incorporating third party software or contract value decrease due to the cancellation of the element relating to third-party software in previous years.The EBITDA (*) has increased from €0.6m in the 6 months to 31 January 2021 to €1.1m in the 6 months to 31 January 2022.At 31 January 2022 the cash position was of €0.5m; lower than the position recorded on 31 July 2021 (€1.0m).About Proactis SA (https://www.proactis.com/proactis-sa)  a Proactis CompanyStory continuesProactis SA connects companies by providing business spend management and collaborative business process automation solutions for both goods and services  through The Business Network. Our solutions integrate with any ERP or procurement system  providing our customers with an easy-to-use solution which drives adoption  compliance and savings.Significant customers include BASF and MichelinProactis SA has major operations in Paris  Bonn  USA and Manila.Listed in Compartment C on the Euronext Paris Eurolist.ISIN: FR0004052561  Euronext: PROAC  Reuters: HBWO.LN  Bloomberg: HBW.FPContactsTel: +33 (0)1 53 25 55 00E-mail: investorContact@proactis.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.23,0.48,True,English,"['Proactis SA Financial Information', 'collaborative business process automation solutions', 'business process collaboration solutions', 'The Business Network', 'business spend management', 'transfer pricing agreements', 'contract value decrease', 'comprehensive spend management', 'third party software', 'financial disclosure requirements', 'Group Management fees', 'Proactis Holding Ltd', 'Proactis SA Board', 'Euronext Paris Eurolist', 'third-party software', 'financial information', 'Financial data', 'leading provider', '1.1 Net Earnings', 'Operating Cashflow', 'Operating result', 'recurring items', 'previous years', 'procurement system', 'use solution', 'major operations', 'Compartment C', 'Proactis Company', 'Significant customers', 'Operating revenue', 'cash position', '6 months', '29 April', 'accordance', '6.8 EBITDA', 'impact', 'depreciation', 'Accounts', '31 January', 'auditors', 'Directors', '26 April', 'period', 'increase', 'addition', 'February', 'non', 'renewal', 'contracts', 'cancellation', 'element', '31 July', 'Story', 'companies', 'goods', 'services', 'ERP', 'adoption', 'compliance', 'savings', 'BASF', 'Michelin', 'Bonn', 'USA', 'Manila', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'HBWO.', 'LN', 'Bloomberg', 'FP', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'mail', 'investorContact', 'Attachment', '33']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3921,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/availability-2021-universal-registration-document-065500760.html,Availability of the 2021 Universal Registration Document,La Motte-Fanjas  April 29  2022 – 9:00 am CEST – McPhy (Euronext Paris  C Compartment: MCPHY  FR0011742329)  a specialist in zero-carbon hydrogen production ...,MCPHY ENERGY SALa Motte-Fanjas  April 29  2022 – 9:00 am CEST – McPhy (Euronext Paris  C Compartment: MCPHY  FR0011742329)  a specialist in zero-carbon hydrogen production and distribution equipment (electrolyzers and recharging stations)  announces today having made available to the public and filed with the “Autorité des marchés financiers”  on 28 April 2022  its 2021 Universal Registration Document  under number D.22-0381.This Universal Registration Document includes in particular:The annual Financial Report for 2021;The management report ;The Board of Directors' report on corporate governance;The reports of the Statutory Auditors and their fees.The presentation of the agenda and resolutions of the Annual General Meeting of 19 May  2022  is included in the report of the Board of Directors to the General Meeting which is available on the company's website.The Universal Registration Document is available free to the public at the Company's registered office  1115  route de Saint-Thomas  26190 La Motte-Fanjas  upon request and may also be consulted on the websites of the AMF ( www.amf-france.org ) or the Company ( www.mcphy.com/en ).Upcoming of financial communication events:Annual General Meeting on May 19  2022Publication of half-yearly results on July 28  2022 after market closeAbout McPhySpecialized in hydrogen production and distribution equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of zero-carbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment C  ISIN code: FR0011742329  MCPHY).Story continuesTo learn more: www.mcphy.comMcPhy is eligible PEA-PMECONTACTSNewCapInvestor RelationsEmmanuel HuynhT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 99mcphy@newcap.euMedia RelationsNicolas MerigeauT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98mcphy@newcap.euAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['2021 Universal Registration Document', 'Availability', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'fuel cell electric vehicles', 'industrial raw material supply', 'The Universal Registration Document', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'financial communication events', 'broad commercial coverage', 'Annual General Meeting', 'annual Financial Report', 'innovative hydrogen solutions', 'zero-carbon hydrogen production', 'MCPHY ENERGY SA', 'industrial, mobility', 'turnkey solutions', 'hydrogen equipment', 'energy transition', 'energy sectors', 'production centers', 'La Motte-Fanjas', 'Euronext Paris', 'C Compartment', 'distribution equipment', 'management report', 'corporate governance', 'Statutory Auditors', 'registered office', 'half-yearly results', 'global deployment', 'complete range', 'electricity surplus', 'renewable sources', 'three development', 'international subsidiaries', 'compartment C', 'ISIN code', 'Investor Relations', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'Media Relations', 'Nicolas Merigeau', 'The Board', 'recharging stations', ""Directors' report"", 'April', 'CEST', 'specialist', 'electrolyzers', 'public', 'number', 'reports', 'fees', 'presentation', 'agenda', 'resolutions', '19 May', 'company', 'website', 'route', 'Saint-Thomas', 'request', 'AMF', 'org', 'Upcoming', 'July', 'market', 'products', 'customers', 'applications', 'storage', 'recovery', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'integrator', 'engineering', 'Europe', 'France', 'Italy', 'Germany', 'Story', 'PEA-PME', 'CONTACTS', 'NewCap', 'T.', 'Attachment', '9:00']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3922,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/intertrust-underlying-revenue-back-growth-052400846.html,Intertrust underlying revenue back to growth in Q1,Intertrust underlying revenue back to growth in Q1 Amsterdam  the Netherlands – 29 April 2022 – Intertrust N.V. (“Intertrust” or “Company”) [Euronext: INTER]...,Intertrust GroupIntertrust underlying revenue back to growth in Q1Amsterdam  the Netherlands – 29 April 2022 – Intertrust N.V. (“Intertrust” or “Company”) [Euronext: INTER]  a global leader in providing tech-enabled corporate and fund solutions to clients operating and investing in international business  today publishes its results for the first quarter ended 31 March 2022.Q1 2022 HighlightsUnderlying revenue returning to growth (+2.2%)  mainly driven by US Fund Services  Rest of the World and Luxembourg now trending positively. Underlying revenue growth excluding the Netherlands  Luxembourg and Cayman Islands was 8.8%Deals won worth EUR 21.8 million annual contract value (+25.8% y-o-y); pipeline of EUR 74.9m continues to be strongAdjusted EBITA of EUR 38.3 million (Q1 2021: EUR 45.3 million) including one-off costs of EUR 2.6 million related to remediation activities. Adjusted EBITA margin of 25.9%  mainly impacted by increased staff expensesExiting all current Russian clients and no longer accepting any new Russian clients across our 45 locations; estimated impact on 2022 Group revenue of less than 1%CSC offer launched per 31 March 2022; additional regulatory applications filed and first regulatory clearances obtained; transaction expected to close in H2 2022Shankar Iyer  CEO of Intertrust  commented:“Our actions to accelerate growth are paying off  with Luxembourg trending positively and US Fund Services and Rest of the World continuing to perform well. We also continue to win larger and more complex mandates  evidenced by the strong annual contract value of deals won. Building a stronger workplace is at the top of our agenda and whilst employee attrition remained elevated  we successfully continue to attract talent and grew our net workforce by close to 130 FTEs in the first quarter.In line with our commitment to acting responsibly  we have started the process of exiting all current Russian clients and we will not accept any new Russian clients across our 45 locations. While being mindful of increased macroeconomic uncertainties  we do not see this materially impacting our day-to-day business currently. We remain committed to reaching our full-year guidance as we aim to offset wage and other inflationary pressures and increased regulatory requirements through price increases and ongoing operational efficiency.Story continuesThe transaction with CSC is progressing as planned. We’ve come to know each other over the past months both virtually and physically and both teams are even more convinced that together we will be stronger and more competitive. For all our colleagues it’s an exciting time to be at CSC and Intertrust; we see a bright future ahead of us with significant opportunities for the combined company.”Analyst call / webcastToday  Intertrust's CEO Shankar Iyer and CFO Rogier van Wijk will hold an analyst / investor call at 10:00 CET. A webcast of the call will be available on the Company's website. The webcast can be accessed here. The supporting presentation can be downloaded from our website.Attachment,neutral,0.13,0.77,0.1,mixed,0.59,0.18,0.22,True,English,"['Intertrust underlying revenue', 'growth', 'Q1', 'EUR 21.8 million annual contract value', 'strong annual contract value', 'CFO Rogier van Wijk', 'other inflationary pressures', 'ongoing operational efficiency', 'US Fund Services', 'additional regulatory applications', 'current Russian clients', 'new Russian clients', 'first regulatory clearances', 'Intertrust N.V.', 'CEO Shankar Iyer', 'Intertrust underlying revenue', 'fund solutions', 'regulatory requirements', 'first quarter', 'global leader', 'tech-enabled corporate', 'international business', 'Cayman Islands', 'one-off costs', 'remediation activities', 'EBITA margin', 'staff expenses', '2022 Group revenue', 'complex mandates', 'stronger workplace', 'employee attrition', 'net workforce', 'macroeconomic uncertainties', 'day business', 'full-year guidance', 'price increases', 'past months', 'exciting time', 'bright future', 'significant opportunities', 'supporting presentation', 'Intertrust Group', 'Analyst call', 'investor call', 'Q1 2022 Highlights', 'Adjusted EBITA', 'CSC offer', 'revenue growth', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', '29 April', 'Company', 'results', 'Rest', 'World', 'Luxembourg', 'Deals', 'pipeline', '45 locations', 'impact', 'less', '31 March', 'transaction', 'H2', 'actions', 'larger', 'top', 'agenda', 'talent', '130 FTEs', 'commitment', 'process', 'wage', 'Story', 'teams', 'colleagues', 'webcast', 'website', 'Attachment', '10:00']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3923,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/genfit-announces-publication-2021-universal-201000851.html,GENFIT Announces Publication of the 2021 Universal Registration Document; the 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F and Availability of Preparatory Documents for the Annual Combined Shareholders Meeting on May 25  2022,Lille  France; Cambridge  MA; April 29  2022 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of...,Lille  France; Cambridge  MA; April 29  2022 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with severe chronic liver diseases  today announced the filing of its 2021 Universal Registration Document with the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) and its Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  as well as the availability of preparatory documents for its annual shareholders meeting on Wednesday May 25  2022.These annual reports are available to the public free of charge in accordance with applicable regulations and may be viewed at and downloaded from GENFIT’s website at ir.genfit.com. The 2021 Registration Document is also available on the AMF’s website: www.amf-france.org and the Annual Report on Form 20-F is available on the website of the SEC (www.sec.gov).GENFIT’s 2021 Universal Registration Document includes  in particular  the annual financial report  the annual Board of Directors’ management report  the Board of Directors’ report on corporate governance  the Statutory Auditors’ reports on the annual and consolidated financial statements and related-party agreements  and the table summarizing the fees paid to the Statutory Auditors.Documents for the Annual Combined Shareholders Meeting on May 25  2022 are available to shareholders in accordance with existing regulations  and can be found on the Company’s website  in the Investors and Media section (https://ir.genfit.com/financial-information/shareholders-meeting).ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with severe chronic liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and strong scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Thanks to its expertise in bringing early-stage assets with high potential to late development and pre-commercialization stages  today GENFIT boasts a growing and diversified pipeline of innovative therapeutic and diagnostic solutions.Story continuesIts R&D is focused on three franchises: cholestatic diseases  Acute on Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF) and NASH diagnostics. In its cholestatic diseases franchise  ELATIVE™  a Phase 3 global trial evaluating elafibranor1 in patients with Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC) is well underway following a successful Phase 2 clinical trial. Topline data is expected to be announced in early 2023. In 2021  GENFIT signed an exclusive licensing agreement with IPSEN to develop  manufacture and commercialize elafibranor in PBC and other indications. 2 GENFIT is also developing GNS5611 in cholangiocarcinoma following the acquisition of exclusive rights in this indication from Genoscience Pharma in 20213. In ACLF  a Phase 1 clinical program with nitazoxanide has been initiated with data expected as early as the third quarter 2022. As part of its diagnostic solutions franchise  the Company entered into an agreement with Labcorp in 2021 to commercialize NASHnext®  powered by GENFIT’s proprietary diagnostic technology NIS4® in identifying at-risk NASH.GENFIT has facilities in Lille and Paris  France  and Cambridge  MA  USA. GENFIT is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  IPSEN became one of GENFIT’s largest shareholders and holds 8% of the company’s share capital. www.genfit.comFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to GENFIT  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 in relation to its R&D programs and data readout of its clinical trials. The use of certain words  including “consider”  “contemplate”  “think”  “aim”  “expect”  “understand”  “should”  “aspire”  “estimate”  “believe”  “wish”  “may”  “could”  “allow”  “seek”  “encourage” or “have confidence” or (as the case may be) the negative forms of such terms or any other variant of such terms or other terms similar to them in meaning is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its projections are based on reasonable expectations and assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety  biomarkers  progression of  and results from  its ongoing and planned clinical trials  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its drug and diagnostic candidates  exchange rate fluctuations and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 “Main Risks and Uncertainties” of the Company’s 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on 29 April 2022 under n° D.22-0400  which is available on the Company’s website (www.genfit.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) including the Company’s 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 29  2022. In addition  even if the Company’s results  performance  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comPRESS RELATIONS | MediaStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com1 Elafibranor and GNS561 are investigational compounds that have not been reviewed nor been approved by a regulatory authority2 With the exception of China  Hong Kong  Taiwan  and Macau where Terns Pharmaceuticals holds the exclusive license to develop and commercialize elafibranor3 Agreement includes commercialization and development in the United States  Canada and Europe  including the United Kingdom and SwitzerlandAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.16,0.28,0.56,True,English,"['Annual Combined Shareholders Meeting', '2021 Universal Registration Document', '2021 Annual Report', 'Preparatory Documents', 'GENFIT', 'Publication', 'Form', 'Availability', 'May', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'high unmet medical needs', 'severe chronic liver diseases', 'successful Phase 2 clinical trial', 'Annual Combined Shareholders Meeting', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'U.S. Securities', 'Phase 3 global trial', 'Chronic Liver Failure', 'Phase 1 clinical program', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'The 2021 Registration Document', 'strong scientific heritage', 'Primary Biliary Cholangitis', 'cholestatic diseases franchise', 'liver disease research', 'proprietary diagnostic technology', 'exchange rate fluctuations', 'annual shareholders meeting', 'consolidated financial statements', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'diagnostic solutions franchise', 'R&D programs', 'annual financial report', 'Statutory Auditors’ reports', 'exclusive licensing agreement', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Directors’ management report', 'high potential', 'Directors’ report', 'annual reports', 'clinical trials', 'Exchange Commission', 'exclusive rights', 'largest shareholders', 'diagnostic candidates', 'forward-looking statements', 'Form 20-F', 'applicable regulations', 'corporate governance', 'related-party agreements', 'existing regulations', 'Media section', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'early-stage assets', 'pre-commercialization stages', 'diversified pipeline', 'innovative therapeutic', 'three franchises', 'other indications', 'Genoscience Pharma', 'third quarter', 'compartment B', 'press release', 'negative forms', 'other variant', 'reasonable expectations', 'numerous known', 'other things', 'regulatory authorities', 'annual Board', 'Topline data', 'data readout', 'preparatory documents', 'Wednesday May', 'NASH diagnostics', 'share capital', 'actual results', 'other terms', 'unknown risks', 'late development', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'April', 'GENFIT', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'patients', 'filing', 'AMF', 'year', 'availability', 'public', 'charge', 'accordance', 'website', 'org', 'table', 'fees', 'Investors', 'financial-information', 'shareholders-meeting', 'pioneer', 'expertise', 'growing', 'ACLF', 'ELATIVE™', 'elafibranor1', 'PBC', 'IPSEN', 'manufacture', 'GNS5611', 'cholangiocarcinoma', 'acquisition', 'nitazoxanide', 'Labcorp', 'NASHnext®', 'facilities', 'Paris', 'USA', 'respect', 'meaning', 'relation', 'use', 'words', 'contemplate', 'understand', 'confidence', 'case', 'projections', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'biomarkers', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'drug']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3924,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/04/29/2432138/0/en/IMCD-stops-its-business-in-Russia.html,IMCD stops its business in Russia - GlobeNewswire,ROTTERDAM  The Netherlands (29 April 2022) – The Management Board of IMCD N.V. (hereafter “IMCD” or the “Company”) has decided to discontinue business...,ROTTERDAM  The Netherlands (29 April 2022) – The Management Board of IMCD N.V. (hereafter “IMCD” or the “Company”) has decided to discontinue business in Russia and close its offices in St. Petersburg and Moscow. This follows IMCD’s decision of early March to suspend import and export operations in Russia and scale down the local business due to increasing international sanctions.IMCD will wind down its operations and continue to support the employees in its Russian offices throughout the transition process. Upon completion  IMCD will no longer have a presence in Russia.The discontinuation of activities in Russia has no material impact on IMCD’s results for 2022.This press release contains information that may qualify as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation and was issued on 29 April 2022  07:00 a.m. CET.About IMCD N.V.IMCD  based in Rotterdam  the Netherlands  is a market leader in the marketing  sales  and distribution of speciality chemicals and ingredients. Its result-driven professionals provide market-focused solutions to suppliers and customers across EMEA  Americas and Asia-Pacific  offering a range of comprehensive product portfolios  including innovative formulations that embrace industry trends.Listed at Euronext  Amsterdam (IMCD)  IMCD realised revenues of EUR 3 435 million in 2021 with more than 3 700 employees in over 50 countries on six continents. IMCD's dedicated team of technical and commercial experts work in close partnership to tailor best-in-class solutions and provide value through expertise for around 56 000 customers and a diverse range of world-class suppliers.For further information  please visit www.imcdgroup.com .,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,negative,0.02,0.29,0.69,True,English,"['IMCD', 'business', 'Russia', 'GlobeNewswire', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'comprehensive product portfolios', 'IMCD N.V.', 'market leader', 'Management Board', 'St. Petersburg', 'early March', 'international sanctions', 'transition process', 'material impact', 'press release', 'speciality chemicals', 'result-driven professionals', 'market-focused solutions', 'innovative formulations', 'industry trends', 'six continents', 'dedicated team', 'commercial experts', 'close partnership', 'class solutions', 'The Netherlands', 'export operations', 'local business', 'Russian offices', 'diverse range', 'world-class suppliers', 'inside information', 'ROTTERDAM', '29 April', 'Company', 'Moscow', 'decision', 'import', 'increasing', 'employees', 'completion', 'presence', 'discontinuation', 'activities', 'results', 'meaning', 'Article', 'marketing', 'sales', 'distribution', 'ingredients', 'customers', 'EMEA', 'Americas', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Euronext', 'Amsterdam', 'revenues', '50 countries', 'technical', 'value', 'expertise', 'imcdgroup', '2022', '07:00']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,globenewswire.com
3925,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bekaert-share-buyback-program-liquidity-060000038.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement Period from 21 April 2022 to 27 April 2022 Share Buyback Program In the context of the share ...,BekaertUpdate on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 21 April 2022 to 27 April 2022Share Buyback ProgramIn the context of the share buyback program of Bekaert  announced on 25 February 2022   the first tranche of €30 million started on 18 March 2022 .Bekaert announces today that during the period from 21 April 2022 to 27 April 2022  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 110 894 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the first tranche of the share buy back program during the period from 21 April 2022 and 27 April 2022:Repurchase of sharesDate Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Price paid (€) Lowest Price paid (€) Total Amount (€) 21 April 2022 Euronext Brussels 10 323 36.55 36.94 35.72 377 306 MTF CBOE 8 871 36.60 36.96 35.70 324 679 MTF Tuquoise 1 096 36.55 36.92 35.96 40 059 MTF Aquis 2 054 36.59 36.94 35.60 75 156 22 April 2022 Euronext Brussels 10 229 35.94 36.30 35.82 367 630 MTF CBOE 8 968 35.92 36.24 35.78 322 131 MTF Turquoise 1 086 35.93 36.08 35.78 39 020 MTF Aquis 2 024 35.95 36.42 35.82 72 763 25 April 2022 Euronext Brussels 10 267 34.82 35.26 34.52 357 497 MTF CBOE 8 895 34.83 35.22 34.50 309 813 MTF Turquoise 1 104 34.80 35.16 34.54 38 419 MTF Aquis 1 948 34.80 35.26 34.50 67 790 26 April 2022 Euronext Brussels 10 249 34.64 34.92 34.02 355 025 MTF CBOE 9 113 34.63 34.92 34.02 315 583 MTF Turquoise 1 173 34.67 34.86 34.38 40 668 MTF Aquis 1 971 34.67 34.92 34.38 68 335 27 April 2022 Euronext Brussels 9 743 34.56 34.88 33.82 336 718 MTF CBOE 8 920 34.61 34.90 33.86 308 721 MTF Turquoise 1 054 34.62 34.82 34.12 36 489 MTF Aquis 1 806 34.63 34.86 34.02 62 542 Total 110 894 35.32 36.96 33.82 3 916 343As announced on 25 February 2022 and 18 March 2022  the purpose of the program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company. All shares repurchased as part of the program will be cancelled.Liquidity agreementStory continuesIn the context of the liquidity agreement entered into by Bekaert with Kepler Cheuvreux on 2 September 2021 (see press release of 3 September 2021)   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 13 000 shares during the period from 21 April 2022 to 27 April 2022 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 8 600 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 21 April 2022 to 27 April 2022:Purchase of sharesDate Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 21 April 2022 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 22 April 2022 4 500 35.80 35.96 35.54 161 100 25 April 2022 4 800 34.73 34.84 34.50 166 704 26 April 2022 2 100 34.17 34.50 34.00 71 757 27 April 2022 1 600 33.90 34.00 33.80 54 240 Total 13 000 - - - 453 801Sale of sharesDate Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 21 April 2022 5 000 36.41 36.90 35.80 182 050 22 April 2022 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 25 April 2022 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 26 April 2022 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 27 April 2022 3 600 34.49 34.80 34.10 124 164 Total 8 600 - - - 306 214The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 75 132 shares.On 27 April 2022 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 3 510 319 own shares  or 5.81 % of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,mixed,0.29,0.33,0.38,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'investor relations pages', 'shares Date Market Number', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'share capital', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'first tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Tuquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'MTF Turquoise', 'press release', 'Total Amount', 'total number', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '110 894 shares', '13 000 shares', '8 600 shares', '75 132 shares', 'Bekaert', 'Update', '21 April', '27 April', 'context', '25 February', '18 March', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '22 April 2022', '26 April', 'purpose', 'company', 'part', 'Story', '2 September', '3 September', 'Sale', '25 April', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '3 510 319']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3926,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/technicolor-availability-prospectus-171800390.html,Technicolor: Availability of a prospectus,April 29  2022 Technicolor: availability of a prospectus approved by the French Autorité des marchés financiers (“AMF”) under number 22-129 Technicolor (the ...,"TECHNICOLORApril 29  2022Technicolor: availability of a prospectus approved by the French Autorité des marchés financiers (“AMF”) under number 22-129Technicolor (the « Company ») announces that a prospectus has been made available today to the public in respect of the admission to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris of 115 384 615 new ordinary shares that may be issued following the conversion of 115 384 615 Mandatory Convertible Notes (the ""MCNs"")  the issue of which will be subject to the approval of the Company's shareholders at the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on May 6  2022.Pursuant to Articles L. 412-1 and L. 621-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and its General Regulations (Règlement Général)  in particular Articles 211-1 to 216-1  the AMF issued  on April 29  2022 the approval number 22-129 on this prospectus.The prospectus  established by the Company and engaging the responsibility of its signatories  consists of:the document d’enregistrement universel (Universal Registration Document) of Technicolor  filed with the AMF on April 5  2022 under number D. 22-0237;the amendment (in French version) of the document d’enregistrement universel (Universal Registration Document)  filed with the AMF on April 29  2022 under number D. 22-0237-A01;a note d’opération (in French version); anda summary of the prospectus included in the note d’opération.The prospectus is available on the Company’s web site www.technicolor.com (under the heading “Investor Center” - “Financial information” - “Regulated Information”) and at its corporate head office: 8-10  rue du Renard  75004 Paris  France. It is also available on the website of the AMF (http://www.amf-france.org).* **About Technicolorwww.technicolor.com – Follow us: @Technicolor – linkedin.com/company/technicolorTechnicolor shares are on the Euronext Paris exchange (TCH) and traded in the USA on the OTCQX marketplace (OTCQX: TCLRY).Story continuesAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Technicolor', 'Availability', 'prospectus', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Règlement Général', '115,384,615 Mandatory Convertible Notes', 'corporate head office', 'rue du Renard', '115,384,615 new ordinary shares', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Code monétaire', 'Universal Registration Document', 'Euronext Paris exchange', 'French Monetary', 'French version', 'Financial Code', 'General Regulations', 'regulated market', 'enregistrement universel', 'opération', 'web site', 'Investor Center', 'Financial information', 'Regulated Information', 'Technicolor shares', 'OTCQX marketplace', 'Articles L.', 'number D.', '75004 Paris', 'April', 'availability', 'prospectus', 'AMF', 'Company', 'public', 'respect', 'admission', 'conversion', 'MCNs', 'issue', 'approval', 'shareholders', 'May', 'particular', 'responsibility', 'signatories', 'amendment', 'summary', 'heading', 'France', 'website', 'org', 'TCH', 'USA', 'TCLRY', 'Story', 'Attachment']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3927,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/information-total-number-voting-rights-160000958.html,Information on the total number of voting rights and shares,Ghent  Belgium  April 29  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press release - regulated information Biotalys NV (hereafter the “Company” or “Biotalys”)  an Agricultural...,BiotalysGhent  Belgium  April 29  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press release - regulated informationBiotalys NV (hereafter the “Company” or “Biotalys”)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with protein-based biocontrol solutions (Euronext - BTLS)  today announced that 30 208 new shares were issued on 22 April 2022 as a result of the exercise of warrants.In view hereof  and in accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major shareholdings (the “Belgian Act”)  the outstanding share capital and outstanding voting securities of the Company can be summarised as follows:Share capital: EUR 82 094 289.77Total number of securities carrying voting rights: 30 882 163 (all ordinary shares)Total number of voting rights (= denominator): 30 882 163 (all relating to ordinary shares)Number of rights to subscribe for securities carrying voting rights not yet issued: 2 489 404 “ESOP Warrants”  entitling their holders to subscribe for a total number of 2 489 404 profit certificates which will  if and when issued  automatically convert into a total number of maximum 1 244 702 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) 1 759 241 “ESOP IV Warrants”  entitling their holders to subscribe for a total number of maximum 1 759 241 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares).Pursuant to the Belgian Act  a notification to the Company and the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (FSMA) is required by all natural and legal persons in each case where the percentage of voting rights attached to the securities held by such persons in the Company reaches  exceeds or falls below the threshold of 5%  10%  and every subsequent multiple of 5%  of the total number of voting rights in the Company.For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head Investor Relations & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and is listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.Story continues,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'Head Investor Relations', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'key crop pests', 'Belgian Financial Services', 'outstanding share capital', 'safer food supply', 'ESOP IV Warrants', 'outstanding voting securities', 'Agricultural Technology', 'ESOP Warrants', 'Belgian Act', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Press release', '30,208 new shares', 'major shareholdings', 'voting rights', 'ordinary shares', '2,489,404 profit certificates', 'Markets Authority', 'Communication T', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'Total number', 'regulated information', 'maximum 1,244,702 securities', 'maximum 1,759,241 securities', 'More information', 'legal persons', 'Euronext Brussels', 'AgTech) company', 'Biotalys NV', 'Toon Musschoot', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'April', 'crops', 'BTLS', 'result', 'exercise', 'view', 'accordance', 'article', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'denominator', 'holders', 'notification', 'FSMA', 'natural', 'case', 'percentage', 'threshold', 'alternatives', 'sustainable', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', 'Story']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3928,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tetragon-financial-group-limited-announcement-055500343.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement of Dividend,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement of Dividend,LONDON  April 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ --Dividend Per Share ($)Dividend Announcement:On 27 April 2022  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the first quarter of 2022. The ex-dividend date is 2 May 2022. The record date is 3 May 2022. Payment of the dividend will take place from 26 May 2022.Tetragon's website (www.tetragoninv.com) includes information on Tetragon's Optional Stock Dividend Plan for those shareholders electing to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares. Shareholders may elect to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares by making a dividend share election up to 13 May 2022. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in cash from 26 May 2022.Cash dividends may be received in Sterling by those shareholders making a dividend currency election up to 13 May 2022. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in U.S. dollars from 26 May 2022.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a closed-ended investment company that invests in a broad range of assets  including public and private equities and credit (including distressed securities and structured credit)  convertible bonds  real estate  venture capital  infrastructure  bank loans and TFG Asset Management  a diversified alternative asset management business. Where appropriate  through TFG Asset Management  Tetragon seeks to own all  or a portion  of asset management companies with which it invests in order to enhance the returns achieved on its capital. Tetragon's investment objective is to generate distributable income and capital appreciation. It aims to provide stable returns to investors across various credit  equity  interest rate  inflation and real estate cycles. The company's non-voting shares are traded on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and on the Specialist Fund Segment of the main market of the London Stock Exchange. For more information please visit the company's website at www.tetragoninv.com.Story continuesTetragon: Yuko Thomas Investor Relations ir@tetragoninv.com Press Inquiries: Prosek Partners Pro-tetragon@prosek.com United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin +1 646 818 9298 +1 646 818 9234 United Kingdom Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell +44 7717 281 665 +44 7940 166 251This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR  and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940 and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-announcement-of-dividend-301535890.htmlSOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.3,0.37,0.33,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement', 'Dividend', 'United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin', 'diversified alternative asset management business', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell', 'Optional Stock Dividend Plan', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. persons', 'alternative investment fund', 'TFG Asset Management', 'asset management companies', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'closed-ended investment company', 'London Stock Exchange', 'real estate cycles', 'dividend currency election', 'dividend share election', 'investment objective', 'regulated market', 'main market', 'United Kingdom', 'first quarter', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'broad range', 'private equities', 'convertible bonds', 'bank loans', 'distributable income', 'interest rate', 'voting shares', 'Press Inquiries', 'UK version', 'UK law', 'European Union', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'Netherlands Authority', 'original content', 'Dividend Announcement', 'distressed securities', 'venture capital', 'capital appreciation', 'public register', 'structured credit', 'stable returns', 'Prosek Partners', 'Tetragon shares', 'public offer', 'Cash dividends', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Board', 'Directors', 'respect', '2 May', '3 May', 'Payment', 'place', '26 May', 'website', 'tetragoninv', 'information', 'shareholders', 'Sterling', 'assets', 'infrastructure', 'portion', 'order', 'investors', 'equity', 'inflation', 'Story', 'release', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'Withdrawal', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'addition', 'benefits', 'Section', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'tetragon-financial-group-limited-announcement']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3929,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tetragon-financial-group-limited-march-055500991.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited March 2022 Monthly Factsheet,Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for March 2022.,LONDON  April 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for March 2022.Net Asset Value: $2 797mFully Diluted NAV Per Share: $28.88Share Price (TFG NA): $9.06Monthly NAV per share total return: 0.0%Monthly Return on Equity: 0.6%Most recent quarterly dividend: $0.11Dividend yield: 4.6%Please refer to important disclosures on page 5 of the Monthly Factsheet.Please click below to access the Monthly Factsheet.March 2022 FactsheetAbout Tetragon:Tetragon is a closed-ended investment company that invests in a broad range of assets  including public and private equities and credit (including distressed securities and structured credit)  convertible bonds  real estate  venture capital  infrastructure  bank loans and TFG Asset Management  a diversified alternative asset management business. Where appropriate  through TFG Asset Management  Tetragon seeks to own all  or a portion  of asset management companies with which it invests in order to enhance the returns achieved on its capital. Tetragon's investment objective is to generate distributable income and capital appreciation. It aims to provide stable returns to investors across various credit  equity  interest rate  inflation and real estate cycles. The company's non-voting shares are traded on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and on the Specialist Fund Segment of the main market of the London Stock Exchange. For more information please visit the company's website at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon: Yuko Thomas Investor Relations ir@tetragoninv.com Press Inquiries: Prosek Partners Pro-tetragon@prosek.com United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin +1 646 818 9298 +1 646 818 9234 United Kingdom Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell +44 7717 281 665 +44 7940 166 251This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.Story continuesCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-march-2022-monthly-factsheet-301535878.htmlSOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'Monthly Factsheet', 'United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin', 'diversified alternative asset management business', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'U.S. persons', 'asset management companies', 'TFG Asset Management', 'Net Asset Value', 'collective investment scheme', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Fully Diluted NAV', 'recent quarterly dividend', 'real estate cycles', 'London Stock Exchange', 'share total return', 'investment objective', 'TFG NA', 'United Kingdom', 'Monthly NAV', 'Monthly Return', 'Dividend yield', 'Share Price', 'important disclosures', 'broad range', 'private equities', 'convertible bonds', 'bank loans', 'distributable income', 'interest rate', 'voting shares', 'regulated market', 'main market', 'Press Inquiries', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'Netherlands Authority', 'original content', 'Monthly Factsheet', 'distressed securities', 'structured credit', 'venture capital', 'capital appreciation', 'various credit', 'public register', 'stable returns', 'Prosek Partners', 'public offer', 'April', 'March', 'Equity', 'page', 'assets', 'infrastructure', 'portion', 'order', 'investors', 'inflation', 'information', 'website', 'tetragoninv', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'addition', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country', 'Story', 'Cision', 'prnewswire', '0.0']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3930,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220429005629/en/Aptorum-Group-Limited-Reports-2021-Fiscal-Year-End-Financial-Results-and-Provides-Business-Update,Aptorum Group Limited Reports 2021 Fiscal Year End Financial Results and Provides Business Update,NEW YORK & LONDON & PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #Neuroblastoma--Regulatory News: Aptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) (“Aptorum Group” or “We”)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to meeting unmet medical needs in oncology  …,NEW YORK & LONDON & PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Aptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) (“Aptorum Group” or “We”)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to meeting unmet medical needs in oncology  autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases  today announced financial results for the fiscal year ended December 31  2021  and provided an update on clinical and corporate developments.Mr. Ian Huen  Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of Aptorum Group  commented “Aptorum’s operational plans remain on track. In particular  our lead projects  ALS-4 (targeting infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus including Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA)) and SACT-1 (targeting neuroblastoma)  have respectively completed their phase 1 clinical trials and we are working towards the commencement of the next stage of human clinical trials for further proof of concept of these 2 lead projects in the United States. We are also pleased with the progress of our other lead project  RPIDD  a liquid biopsy program targeting infectious disease diagnostics which is currently undergoing human clinical validations in Singapore. We are also excited about previously announced expanded oncology and autoimmune drug discovery programs targeting unmet mutations and novel biomarkers utilizing first-in-class drug molecules. Last but not least  we are excited about the near-future commercialization of our woman’s health supplement product NativusWell® in Asia and Europe  which we hope to be followed by launch in the United States  subject to the successful completion of our registration process. Our team is currently focused on delivering the above milestones for our stakeholders and we believe 2022 will be an exciting year for the company.”Clinical Pipeline Update and Upcoming MilestonesIn 2022  we announced a number of updates for our lead and other projects:- Our ALS-4 (a first in-class anti-virulence based small molecule drug targeting infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus  including  but not limited to Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus (“MRSA”)) Phase 1 clinical trial is completed. Dosing and clinical evaluations of the Single Ascending Dose studies (“SAD”) and Multiple Ascending Dose studies (“MAD”) have been completed for a total of 72 healthy subjects  no subjects were dropped from the studies and no serious adverse events observed. With the encouraging safety data  we are on track to submit an IND application to the United States Food and Drug Administration (“US FDA”) this year seeking to initiate a Phase 2 clinical study to assess the safety and efficacy of ALS-4 in patients.- Our SACT-1 (a repurposed small molecule drug targeting Neuroblastoma and potentially other cancer types) Phase 1 clinical trial for assessing relative bioavailability and food effect has been completed with no serious adverse events observed. Our first patent on SACT-1 has been granted by the US Patent and Trademark Office and the US FDA has also granted an Orphan Drug Designation for SACT-1 for the treatment of neuroblastoma. We plan to hold an end of Phase 1 meeting and submit a clinical protocol to the US FDA this year to initiate a Phase 1b/2a clinical study to assess the safety and efficacy of SACT-1 in patients.- Our first patent on the molecular based rapid pathogen diagnostics liquid biopsy technology (“RPIDD”) has been granted by the US Patent and Trademark Office. We started the clinical validation of our RPIDD for the diagnosis of pathogens including viruses  bacteria  fungi and parasites. We have been enrolling patients with febrile neutropenia and sepsis for our clinical validation.. Various bacteria and viruses have been detected in these patient samples  including Escherichia coli  Klebsiella pneumoniae and Herpesviridae. The data have been cross-validated by standard of care diagnostics results such as blood culture technology. RPIDD achieved high analytical sensitivity and specificity of the clinical samples respectively at both low depth (60 000 reads) and high depth (1 million reads) sequencing and further clinical validation is ongoing.- We launched our oncology and autoimmune discovery and development platform. The platform will initially focus on non-small cell lung cancer (“NSCLC”) and autoimmune diseases such as lupus  rheumatoid arthritis  inflammatory bowel diseases  etc. We are currently conducting optimization for selected candidates as part of its small molecule library for major targets including  but not limited to EGFR  ALK  KRAS  p53 mutations.Fiscal Year End Financial ResultsAptorum Group reported a net loss of $27.1 million in 2021  as compared to net income of $4.9 million in 2020. The net income in 2020 was mainly driven by the gain on investments in marketable securities  net of $25.2 million  while there was a loss on investments in marketable securities  net of $8.0 million in 2021.Research and development expenses were $10.9 million in 2021 as compared to $11.6 million in 2020. The decrease in research and development expenses in 2021 was primarily due to less sponsored research to universities in 2021  partly offset by the increase in contracted research organizations services and consultation due to the development progress of our lead projects.General and administrative fees were $5.4 million in 2021 as compared to $4.9 million in 2020. The increase in general and administration fees was mainly due to increase in bonus expenses to our directors  employees  external consultants and advisors. The increase is partly offset by a significant decrease in travelling expenses due to the outbreak of COVID-19.Legal and professional fees were $2.6 million in 2021 as compared to $2.9 million in 2020. The decrease in legal and professional fees was mainly due to less one-off professional services engaged during 2021.Aptorum Group reported $8.3 million of cash and restricted cash as of December 31  2021 compared to $3.6 million as of December 31  2020. The increase in cash and restricted cash was mainly the result of the proceeds from sales of investment securities of $20.1 million and proceeds from issuance of Class A Ordinary Shares of $4.0 million in 2021  partly offset by the cash used in operating activities of $14.7 million  net repayment of loan from related parties of $2.0 million  and loan to a related party of $3.4 million in 2021.About Aptorum GroupAptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery  development and commercialization of therapeutic assets to treat diseases with unmet medical needs  particularly in oncology (including orphan oncology indications) and infectious diseases. The pipeline of Aptorum is also enriched through (i) the establishment of drug discovery platforms that enable the discovery of new therapeutics assets through  e.g. systematic screening of existing approved drug molecules  and microbiome-based research platform for treatments of metabolic diseases; and (ii) the co-development of a novel molecular-based rapid pathogen identification and detection diagnostics technology with Accelerate Technologies Pte Ltd  commercialization arm of the Singapore’s Agency for Science  Technology and Research.For more information about the Company  please visit www.aptorumgroup.com.Disclaimer and Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to buy any securities of Aptorum Group.This press release includes statements concerning Aptorum Group Limited and its future expectations  plans and prospects that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For this purpose  any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may ” “should ” “expects ” “plans ” “anticipates ” “could ” “intends ” “target ” “projects ” “contemplates ” “believes ” “estimates ” “predicts ” “potential ” or “continue ” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Aptorum Group has based these forward-looking statements  which include statements regarding projected timelines for application submissions and trials  largely on its current expectations and projections about future events and trends that it believes may affect its business  financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions including  without limitation  risks related to its announced management and organizational changes  the continued service and availability of key personnel  its ability to expand its product assortments by offering additional products for additional consumer segments  development results  the company’s anticipated growth strategies  anticipated trends and challenges in its business  and its expectations regarding  and the stability of  its supply chain  and the risks more fully described in Aptorum Group’s Form 20-F and other filings that Aptorum Group may make with the SEC in the future  as well as the prospectus that received the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers visa n°20-352 on 16 July 2020. As a result  the projections included in such forward-looking statements are subject to change and actual results may differ materially from those described herein.Aptorum Group assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This announcement is not a prospectus within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) n°2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 as amended by Regulations Delegated (EU) n°2019/980 of 14 March 2019 and n°2019/979 of 14 March 2019.This press release is provided “as is” without any representation or warranty of any kind.APTORUM GROUP LIMITEDCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)For Years Ended December 31  2021 and 2020(Stated in U.S. Dollars) Year EndedDecember 31 2021 Year EndedDecember 31 2020 Revenue Healthcare services income $ 1 541 778 $ 911 509 Operating expenses Cost of healthcare services (1 459 924 ) (1 015 023 ) Research and development expenses (10 869 642 ) (11 586 923 ) General and administrative fees (5 409 302 ) (4 853 488 ) Legal and professional fees (2 617 834 ) (2 854 225 ) Other operating expenses (392 511 ) (877 391 ) Total operating expenses (20 749 213 ) (21 187 050 ) Other (loss) income  net (Loss) gain on investments in marketable securities  net (8 031 595 ) 25 241 556 Loss on investments in derivatives  net (4 289 ) (199 031 ) Gain on use of digital currencies 4 918 - Gain on derecognition of non-financial assets 75 000 - Interest expense  net (93 601 ) (243 628 ) Rental income - 30 894 Loss on disposal of subsidiaries (3 638 ) - Sundry income 146 347 365 917 Total other (loss) income  net (7 906 858 ) 25 195 708 Net (loss) income (27 114 293 ) 4 920 167 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 2 065 904 2 146 687 Deemed dividend related to warrants down round provision - (755 514 ) Net (loss) income attributable to Aptorum Group Limited $ (25 048 389 ) $ 6 311 340 Net (loss) income per share attributable to Aptorum Group Limited - Basic $ (0.71 ) $ 0.20 - Diluted $ (0.71 ) $ 0.20 Weighted-average shares outstanding - Basic 35 033 970 31 135 882 - Diluted 35 033 970 31 534 473 Net (loss) income $ (27 114 293 ) $ 4 920 167 Other comprehensive (loss) income Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (55 315 ) 58 848 Other comprehensive (loss) income (55 315 ) 58 848 Comprehensive (loss) income (27 169 608 ) 4 979 015 Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests 2 065 904 2 146 687 Deemed dividend related to warrants down round provision - (755 514 Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to the shareholders of Aptorum Group Limited (25 103 704 ) 6 370 188,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.37,0.24,0.38,True,English,"['2021 Fiscal Year End Financial Results', 'Aptorum Group Limited', 'Business Update', 'rapid pathogen diagnostics liquid biopsy technology', 'Fiscal Year End Financial Results', 'Single Ascending Dose studies', 'Multiple Ascending Dose studies', 'small cell lung cancer', 'Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus', 'Phase 1b/2a clinical study', 'autoimmune drug discovery programs', 'small molecule drug targeting', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'liquid biopsy program', 'blood culture technology', 'care diagnostics results', 'small molecule library', 'infectious disease diagnostics', 'class drug molecules', 'other cancer types', 'Orphan Drug Designation', 'Phase 2 clinical study', 'Mr. Ian Huen', 'health supplement product', 'class anti-virulence based', 'serious adverse events', 'phase 1 clinical trials', 'human clinical trials', 'human clinical validations', 'unmet medical needs', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus', 'high analytical sensitivity', 'inflammatory bowel diseases', 'low depth (60,000 reads', 'other lead project', 'Clinical Pipeline Update', 'Aptorum Group Limited', 'United States Food', 'encouraging safety data', 'autoimmune discovery', 'Drug Administration', 'next stage', 'exciting year', 'Phase 1 meeting', 'high depth', 'autoimmune diseases', 'infectious diseases', 'other projects', 'clinical evaluations', 'clinical protocol', 'clinical samples', 'Executive Director', 'unmet mutations', 'food effect', 'million reads', 'targeting infections', 'NEW YORK', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'corporate developments', 'operational plans', 'lead projects', 'targeting neuroblastoma', 'novel biomarkers', 'future commercialization', 'successful completion', 'registration process', 'IND application', 'US FDA', 'relative bioavailability', 'first patent', 'US Patent', 'Trademark Office', 'febrile neutropenia', 'patient samples', 'Escherichia coli', 'Klebsiella pneumoniae', 'rheumatoid arthritis', 'major targets', 'p53 mutations', 'net income', 'marketable securities', 'development expenses', 'Euronext Paris', 'Upcoming Milestones', '72 healthy subjects', 'Various bacteria', 'development platform', 'net loss', 'LONDON', 'Nasdaq', 'APM', 'oncology', 'track', 'ALS-4', 'MRSA', 'SACT-1', 'commencement', 'proof', 'concept', 'progress', 'RPIDD', 'Singapore', 'woman', 'NativusWell', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'launch', 'team', 'stakeholders', 'number', 'updates', 'Dosing', 'SAD', 'MAD', 'total', 'efficacy', 'patients', 'treatment', 'molecular', 'diagnosis', 'pathogens', 'viruses', 'fungi', 'parasites', 'sepsis', 'Herpesviridae', 'standard', 'specificity', 'sequencing', 'NSCLC', 'lupus', 'optimization', 'candidates', 'part', 'EGFR', 'ALK', 'KRAS', 'gain', 'investments', 'Research', 'decrease', '2022']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,businesswire.com
3931,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220428006062/en/Innate-Pharma-First-Patient-Dosed-in-Monalizumab-Phase-3-Lung-Cancer-Clinical-Trial-Triggers-50M-Payment-From-AstraZeneca,Innate Pharma: First Patient Dosed in Monalizumab Phase 3 Lung Cancer Clinical Trial Triggers $50M Payment From AstraZeneca,MARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) today announced that AstraZeneca (LSE/STO/Nasdaq: AZN) has now dosed the first patient in its Phase 3 clinical trial  PACIFIC…,"MARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) today announced that AstraZeneca (LSE/STO/Nasdaq: AZN) has now dosed the first patient in its Phase 3 clinical trial  PACIFIC-9  evaluating durvalumab (PD-L1) in combination with monalizumab (NKG2A) or AstraZeneca’s oleclumab (anti-CD73) in patients with unresectable  Stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who have not progressed following definitive platinum-based concurrent chemoradiation therapy (CRT).The purpose of the study  which is sponsored by AstraZeneca  is to determine if the addition of monalizumab or oleclumab to standard-of-care durvalumab improves outcomes for patients in this setting.Monalizumab  Innate’s lead partnered asset  is a potentially first-in-class immune checkpoint inhibitor targeting NKG2A receptors expressed on tumor-infiltrating cytotoxic CD8+ T cells and NK cells.Dosing of the first patient in this trial has triggered a $50 million milestone payment from AstraZeneca to Innate.“We are very pleased that our key late-stage asset  monalizumab  has progressed into a second Phase 3 trial with our partner  AstraZeneca. The launch of PACIFIC-9 represents an important financial milestone for Innate  as it triggers a $50 million milestone payment that reinforces our cash position ” said Mondher Mahjoubi  Chief Executive Officer of Innate Pharma. “Based on the recent COAST clinical trial results  we are excited about the potential of extending the clinical benefit of durvalumab with the addition of monalizumab in patients with unresectable  Stage III NSCLC.”Detailed results from the randomized COAST Phase 2 trial were published in the Journal of Clinical Oncology on April 22  2022. AstraZeneca initially presented the results during the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress 2021 in September 2021 (see AstraZeneca press release). The results of the interim analysis showed monalizumab in combination with durvalumab increased objective response rate (ORR) and prolonged progression-free survival (PFS) versus durvalumab alone in patients with unresectable  Stage III NSCLC who had not progressed after CRT. The Journal of Clinical Oncology publication now includes exploratory subgroup analysis.“Durvalumab has transformed the treatment of patients with unresectable  Stage III NSCLC  and we’re excited by the promise of extending its benefit through novel combinations with two potential first-in-class monoclonal antibodies demonstrating strong clinical activity. Based on the stand-out results from COAST  we are pleased that the Phase 3 trial is underway  which we hope will bring new treatment options to patients and further increase the potential for long-term survival benefit in this setting ” said Susan Galbraith  Executive Vice President  Oncology R&D  AstraZeneca.About PACIFIC-9:PACIFIC-9 is a Phase 3  randomised  double-blind  multicenter global study to determine the efficacy and safety of durvalumab alone or in combination with oleclumab or monalizumab+ in patients with unresectable  Stage III NSCLC who have not progressed on definitive  platinum-based CRT.​The first patient has been dosed in April 2022. The PACIFIC-9 Phase 3 trial is now looking to recruit patients across more than 200 centers in the coming months. ​Stage III NSCLC:In 2020  an estimated 2.2 million people were diagnosed with lung cancer worldwide1. Lung cancer is broadly split into NSCLC and small cell lung cancer  with 80-85% classified as NSCLC.2 3 4 Stage III NSCLC represents approximately one quarter of NSCLC incidence5.Stage III (locally advanced) NSCLC is commonly divided into three subcategories (IIIA  IIIB and IIIC)  defined by how much the cancer has spread locally. In contrast to Stage IV  when cancer has spread (metastasised)  the majority of Stage III patients are currently treated with curative intent2 6.The majority of Stage III NSCLC patients are diagnosed with unresectable tumours2 5.About Monalizumab:Monalizumab is a potentially first-in-class immune checkpoint inhibitor targeting NKG2A receptors expressed on tumor infiltrating cytotoxic CD8+ T cells and NK cells.NKG2A is an inhibitory checkpoint receptor for HLA-E. By expressing HLA-E  cancer cells can protect themselves from killing by NKG2A+ immune cells. HLA-E is frequently overexpressed in the cancer cells of many solid tumors and hematological malignancies. Monalizumab may reestablish a broad anti-tumor response mediated by NK and T cells  and may enhance the cytotoxic potential of other therapeutic antibodies7.The ongoing development for monalizumab is focused on investigating monalizumab in various combination strategies in different malignancies  including the Phase 2 NeoCOAST trial in the neoadjuvant early-stage setting.About the Innate-AstraZeneca monalizumab agreement:In October 2018  AstraZeneca obtained full oncology rights to monalizumab by exercising its option under the co-development and commercialization agreement initiated in 2015.The financial terms of the agreement include potential cash payments up to $1.275 billion to Innate Pharma. Including the $50 million payment triggered by dosing the first patient in the Phase 3 PACIFIC-9 clinical trial  Innate Pharma has received $450 million to date.For any commercialized oncology indication  AstraZeneca will book all sales revenue and will pay Innate low double-digit to mid-teen percentage royalties on net sales worldwide except in Europe where Innate Pharma will receive 50% share of the profits and losses in the territory. Innate will co-fund 30% of the costs of the Phase 3 development program of monalizumab with a pre-agreed limitation of Innate’s financial commitment.About Innate Pharma:Innate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage oncology-focused biotech company dedicated to improving treatment and clinical outcomes for patients through therapeutic antibodies that harness the immune system to fight cancer.Innate Pharma’s broad pipeline of antibodies includes several potentially first-in-class clinical and preclinical candidates in cancers with high unmet medical need.Innate is a pioneer in the understanding of natural killer cell biology and has expanded its expertise in the tumor microenvironment and tumor-antigens  as well as antibody engineering. This innovative approach has resulted in a diversified proprietary portfolio and major alliances with leaders in the biopharmaceutical industry including Bristol-Myers Squibb  Novo Nordisk A/S  Sanofi  and a multi-products collaboration with AstraZeneca.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com.Information about Innate Pharma shares:ISIN code FR0010331421 Ticker code Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factors:This press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts  the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development and the overall impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the global healthcare system as well as the Company’s business  financial condition and results of operations. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.________________________1 World Health Organization. International Agency for Research on Cancer. Lung Fact Sheet. Available at https://gco.iarc.fr/today/data/factsheets/cancers/15-Lung-fact-sheet.pdf. Accessed September 2021.2 Provencio M  et al. Inoperable Stage III Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: Current Treatment and Role Of Vinorelbine. J Thorac Dis. 2011;3:197-204.3 Cheema PK  et al. Perspectives on Treatment Advances for Stage III Locally Advanced Unresectable Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer. Curr Oncol. 2019;26(1):37–42.4 LUNGevity Foundation. Types of Lung Cancer. Available at https://lungevity.org/for-patients-caregivers/lung-cancer-101/types-of-lung-cancer. Accessed September 2021.5 EpiCast Report: NSCLC Epidemiology Forecast to 2025. GlobalData. 2016.6 ASCO. Cancer.net. Lung Cancer – Non-Small Cell. Available at https://www.cancer.net/cancer-types/lung-cancer/view-all. Accessed September 2021.7 André et al  Cell 2018",neutral,0.01,0.9,0.08,mixed,0.52,0.23,0.25,True,English,"['Monalizumab Phase 3 Lung Cancer Clinical Trial Triggers', 'Innate Pharma', 'First Patient', '50M Payment', 'AstraZeneca', 'unresectable, Stage III non-small cell lung cancer', 'definitive platinum-based concurrent chemoradiation therapy', 'randomised, double-blind, multicenter global study', 'tumor-infiltrating cytotoxic CD8+ T cells', 'recent COAST clinical trial results', 'unresectable, Stage III NSCLC', 'class immune checkpoint inhibitor', 'Stage III NSCLC patients', 'The PACIFIC-9 Phase 3 trial', '4 Stage III NSCLC', 'definitive, platinum-based CRT', 'inhibitory checkpoint receptor', 'NKG2A+ immune cells', 'lead partnered asset', 'key late-stage asset', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'objective response rate', 'prolonged progression-free survival', 'strong clinical activity', 'Executive Vice President', 'many solid tumors', 'broad anti-tumor response', 'other therapeutic antibodies', 'Stage III patients', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'second Phase 3 trial', 'COAST Phase 2 trial', 'Phase 2 NeoCOAST trial', '$50 million milestone payment', 'class monoclonal antibodies', 'Clinical Oncology publication', 'Oncology R&D', 'full oncology rights', 'important financial milestone', 'exploratory subgroup analysis', 'new treatment options', 'long-term survival benefit', 'neoadjuvant early-stage setting', 'various combination strategies', 'AstraZeneca press release', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate-AstraZeneca monalizumab agreement', 'unresectable tumours', 'Stage IV', 'cancer cells', 'cytotoxic potential', 'clinical benefit', '2.2 million people', 'Medical Oncology', 'NSCLC incidence', 'interim analysis', 'The Journal', 'commercialization agreement', 'financial terms', 'NK cells', 'Detailed results', 'stand-out results', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'first patient', 'cash position', 'Mondher Mahjoubi', 'European Society', 'ESMO) Congress', 'novel combinations', 'Susan Galbraith', 'coming months', 'one quarter', 'three subcategories', 'curative intent', 'hematological malignancies', 'different malignancies', 'NKG2A receptors', 'two potential', 'ongoing development', 'care durvalumab', 'MARSEILLE', 'France', 'IPH', 'Nasdaq', 'Company', 'AZN', 'PD-L', 'oleclumab', 'CD73', 'purpose', 'addition', 'outcomes', 'Dosing', 'launch', 'April', 'September', 'ORR', 'PFS', 'promise', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'monalizumab+', '200 centers', 'IIIA', 'IIIB', 'IIIC', 'contrast', 'majority', 'HLA-E.', 'October']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,businesswire.com
3932,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/major-shareholding-notification-160000123.html,Major Shareholding notification,Barclays Plc has notified Solutions 30 that on 22 April 2022 it fell below  indirectly through its group’s companies  the threshold of 5% of the share...,SOLUTIONS 30Barclays Plc has notified Solutions 30 that on 22 April 2022 it fell below  indirectly through its group’s companies  the threshold of 5% of the share capital and voting rights of the company.The notification is available on OAM  the electronic information platform of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange – www.bourse.lu –  on the AMF decisions and financial disclosures database and on the company’s website: www.solutions30.com under the Investor Relations section - Publication – Regulated Information.About Solutions 30 SEThe Solutions 30 group is the European leader in solutions for new technologies. Its mission is to make the technological developments that are transforming our daily lives accessible to everyone  individuals and businesses alike. Yesterday  it was computers and the Internet. Today  it’s digital technology. Tomorrow  it will be technologies that make the world even more interconnected in real time. With more than 50 million call-outs carried out since it was founded and a network of more than 15 000 local technicians  Solutions 30 currently covers all of France  Italy  Germany  the Netherlands  Belgium  Luxembourg  the Iberian Peninsula  the United Kingdom  and Poland. The share capital of Solutions 30 SE consists of 107 127 984 shares  equal to the number of theoretical votes that can be exercised.Solutions 30 SE is listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0013379484- code S30). Indexes: MSCI Europe Small Cap | Tech40 | CAC PME | SBF 120 | CAC Mid 60. Visit our website to learn more: www.solutions30.comContactIndividual Shareholders:Investor Relations - Tel: +33 1 86 86 00 63 | shareholders@solutions30.comAnalysts/Investors:Nathalie Boumendil - Tel: +33 6 85 82 41 95 - nathalie.boumendil@solutions30.comPress - Image 7:Leslie Jung - Tel: +44 7818 641803 - ljung@image7.frCharlotte Le Barbier - Tel: +33 6 78 37 27 60 - clebarbier@image7.frAttachment,neutral,0.1,0.7,0.2,negative,0.01,0.34,0.65,True,English,"['Major Shareholding notification', 'MSCI Europe Small Cap', 'financial disclosures database', 'ISIN FR0013379484- code', 'Charlotte Le Barbier', 'electronic information platform', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'Investor Relations section', 'The Solutions 30 group', 'Regulated Information', 'Barclays Plc', 'share capital', 'voting rights', 'AMF decisions', 'European leader', 'technological developments', 'daily lives', 'digital technology', 'real time', '50 million call-outs', '15,000 local technicians', 'Iberian Peninsula', 'United Kingdom', 'theoretical votes', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC PME', 'CAC Mid', 'Leslie Jung', 'Solutions 30 SE', 'new technologies', 'Individual Shareholders', 'Nathalie Boumendil', '22 April', 'companies', 'threshold', 'company', 'notification', 'OAM', 'bourse', 'website', 'solutions30', 'Publication', 'mission', 'everyone', 'individuals', 'businesses', 'computers', 'Internet', 'world', 'network', 'France', 'Italy', 'Germany', 'Netherlands', 'Belgium', 'Poland', '107,127,984 shares', 'number', 'Indexes', 'Tech40', 'SBF', 'Contact', 'Tel', 'Investors', 'Press', 'Image', 'ljung', 'clebarbier', 'Attachment', '33 1']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3933,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hipay-availability-annual-report-100100346.html,HiPay: Availability of the Annual Report,Paris  April 29  2022: HiPay (ISIN code FR0012821916 – HIPAY)  the fintech specialized in omnichannel payment solutions  announces the availability of its...,HiPay GroupParis  April 29  2022: HiPay (ISIN code FR0012821916 – HIPAY)  the fintech specialized in omnichannel payment solutions  announces the availability of its annual report for the year ending December 31  2021.This Annual Report includes the annual financial report  the report of the Board of Directors on corporate governance  and the reports of the Statutory Auditors.The annual report can be consulted in the Investors section of the company's website.Next financial communication: 19 May  2022 – Q1 2022 resultsAbout HiPayHiPay is a global payment provider. By harnessing the power of payment data  we participate in our merchants’ growth by bringing them a 360° vision of their activities.More information on hipay.com and find us on LinkedIn and Twitter.HiPay Group is listed on the Euronext Paris Compartment C (ISIN code: FR0012821916 - Mnemo: HIPAY)Media Relations Investor Relations NewCap Investors Annie Hurley (CMO)+33 (0)6 81 16 07 52ahurley@hipay.com Jérôme Daguet (CFO)+33 (0)7 86 53 93 93jdaguet@hipay.com Théo Martin+33 (0)7 6248 69 45tmartin@newcap.frThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy HIPAY securities. If you would like more complete information about HiPay Group  please refer to our website hipay.com  Investors section. This press release may contain certain forward-looking statements. Although HiPay Group believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions as of the date of this press release  they are by their nature subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by these statements. HiPay Group operates in a highly evolving sector in which new risk factors may emerge. HiPay Group does not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect new information  events or other circumstances.Attachments,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,negative,0.04,0.16,0.8,True,English,"['Annual Report', 'HiPay', 'Availability', 'Media Relations Investor Relations', 'Jérôme Daguet', 'Euronext Paris Compartment C', 'NewCap Investors Annie Hurley', 'Next financial communication', 'Théo Martin', 'omnichannel payment solutions', 'global payment provider', 'new risk factors', 'annual financial report', 'Investors section', 'payment data', 'new information', 'annual report', 'ISIN code', 'corporate governance', 'Statutory Auditors', 'Q1 2022 results', 'merchants’ growth', 'More information', 'press release', 'complete information', 'reasonable assumptions', 'actual results', 'evolving sector', 'other circumstances', 'HiPay Group', 'HIPAY securities', 'forward-looking statements', 'website hipay', 'April', 'fintech', 'availability', 'year', 'December', 'Board', 'Directors', 'reports', 'company', '19 May', 'power', '360° vision', 'activities', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Mnemo', 'CMO', 'ahurley', 'CFO', 'jdaguet', 'tmartin', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'date', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'events', 'Attachments', '7']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3934,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/imcd-stops-business-russia-050000096.html,IMCD stops its business in Russia,ROTTERDAM  The Netherlands (29 April 2022) – The Management Board of IMCD N.V. (hereafter “IMCD” or the “Company”) has decided to discontinue business in...,IMCD N.V.ROTTERDAM  The Netherlands (29 April 2022) – The Management Board of IMCD N.V. (hereafter “IMCD” or the “Company”) has decided to discontinue business in Russia and close its offices in St. Petersburg and Moscow. This follows IMCD’s decision of early March to suspend import and export operations in Russia and scale down the local business due to increasing international sanctions.IMCD will wind down its operations and continue to support the employees in its Russian offices throughout the transition process. Upon completion  IMCD will no longer have a presence in Russia.The discontinuation of activities in Russia has no material impact on IMCD’s results for 2022.This press release contains information that may qualify as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation and was issued on 29 April 2022  07:00 a.m. CET.About IMCD N.V.IMCD  based in Rotterdam  the Netherlands  is a market leader in the marketing  sales  and distribution of speciality chemicals and ingredients. Its result-driven professionals provide market-focused solutions to suppliers and customers across EMEA  Americas and Asia-Pacific  offering a range of comprehensive product portfolios  including innovative formulations that embrace industry trends.Listed at Euronext  Amsterdam (IMCD)  IMCD realised revenues of EUR 3 435 million in 2021 with more than 3 700 employees in over 50 countries on six continents. IMCD's dedicated team of technical and commercial experts work in close partnership to tailor best-in-class solutions and provide value through expertise for around 56 000 customers and a diverse range of world-class suppliers.For further information  please visit www.imcdgroup.com .Media contact IR contactIMCD Group IMCD NVMarnie Kontovraki Cecile WesterhuisGroup Communications Director Company Secretarymediarelations@imcdgroup.com ir@imcdgroup.com+31 10 290 86 84 +31 10 290 86 84,negative,0.02,0.29,0.69,negative,0.02,0.29,0.69,True,English,"['IMCD', 'business', 'Russia', 'Marnie Kontovraki Cecile Westerhuis Group Communications Director Company Secretary', 'Media contact IR contact', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'IMCD Group IMCD NV', 'comprehensive product portfolios', 'IMCD N.V.', 'market leader', 'Management Board', 'St. Petersburg', 'early March', 'international sanctions', 'transition process', 'material impact', 'press release', 'speciality chemicals', 'result-driven professionals', 'market-focused solutions', 'innovative formulations', 'industry trends', 'six continents', 'dedicated team', 'commercial experts', 'close partnership', 'class solutions', 'The Netherlands', 'export operations', 'local business', 'Russian offices', 'diverse range', 'world-class suppliers', 'inside information', 'ROTTERDAM', '29 April', 'Moscow', 'decision', 'import', 'increasing', 'employees', 'completion', 'presence', 'discontinuation', 'activities', 'results', 'meaning', 'Article', 'marketing', 'sales', 'distribution', 'ingredients', 'customers', 'EMEA', 'Americas', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Euronext', 'Amsterdam', 'revenues', '50 countries', 'technical', 'value', 'expertise', 'imcdgroup', 'mediarelations', '2022', '07:00']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3935,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/egide-2021-annual-financial-report-160900931.html,Egide: The 2021 annual financial report will be available on May 5  2022,Bollène  April 29  2022 – 06:00 pm (CET) Press ReleaseFor immediate release The 2021 annual financial reportwill be available on May 5  2022 The Egide Group ...,EGIDEBollène  April 29  2022 – 06:00 pm (CET)Press ReleaseFor immediate releaseThe 2021 annual financial reportwill be available on May 5  2022The Egide Group announces that it will make its 2021 annual financial report available on May 5  2022  in order to integrate the last audit adjustments on its subsidiary Egide USA.These adjustments  to be confirmed by the Board on May 2nd  have a positive impact on the Group's 2021 results  which now stands at 201 K€ (instead of 55 K€ as presented on March 30).Update on current financial operations in the United StatesAs announced when publishing the Group's 2021 annual results on March 30  2022  two financing projects are underway at Egide USA and Santier:A project to refinance the Cambridge building and the assets it contains in order to allow a massive deleveraging for $6M by World Business CapitalA project to refinance the revolving credit lines of Egide USA and Santier for a maximum of $6 million to finance the growth of the two American entities.To date  both projects  being cumulative  are at the same stage: accepted LOI  audits and filings in progress approvals expected mid-June.As a reminder  the bank of Santier and Egide USA since 2018  Pacific Mercantile Bank (PMB)  has been absorbed by another larger bank (Banc of California) which has communicated its wish not to continue to support the credit lines of the two American entities beyond June 30  2022. Given the two concrete financing projects under consideration  the June 30  2022  limit set by PMB is being negotiated to be extended to September 30  2022.Even if financial communication rules require to highlight the risks of default that could jeopardize the continuity of the American operations  the Egide Group's management is optimistic about the positive outcome of these initiatives and is excited about this important contribution of capital that would allow to finance the modernization ambitions of Egide USA and Santier  on the model of the projects started by Egide SA in France.Story continuesAbout Egide - www.egide-group.comEgide is a group with an international dimension. specialized in the manufacture of hermetic packages and heat dissipation solutions for sensitive electronic components. It operates in cutting edge markets with strong technology barriers to entry in all critical industry segments (Thermal Imaging. Optronics. High-Frequency. Power Units…). Egide is the only pure player in this market niche with manufacturing bases in France and the United States.Egide is listed on Euronext Paris™- Segment C - ISIN code: FR0000072373 – Reuters: EGID.PA – Bloomberg: GIDCONTACTSEGIDE – Finance Department - Luc Ardon - +33 4 90 30 35 94 – luc.ardon@fr.egide-group.comFIN’EXTENSO – Press Relations - Isabelle Aprile - +33 6 17 38 61 78 – i.aprile@finextenso.frAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.4,0.15,0.45,True,English,"['2021 annual financial report', 'Egide', 'May', 'Euronext Paris™- Segment C', 'two concrete financing projects', 'two financing projects', 'financial communication rules', 'heat dissipation solutions', 'sensitive electronic components', 'cutting edge markets', 'strong technology barriers', 'critical industry segments', 'two American entities', '2021 annual financial report', 'current financial operations', 'last audit adjustments', 'World Business Capital', 'revolving credit lines', 'Pacific Mercantile Bank', 'EGIDE Bollène', 'subsidiary Egide USA', 'The Egide Group', 'American operations', '2021 annual results', 'Press Release', 'immediate release', 'positive impact', 'United States', 'Cambridge building', 'massive deleveraging', 'same stage', 'progress approvals', 'larger bank', 'positive outcome', 'important contribution', 'modernization ambitions', 'international dimension', 'hermetic packages', 'Thermal Imaging', 'Power Units', 'pure player', 'market niche', 'manufacturing bases', 'ISIN code', 'Finance Department', 'FIN’EXTENSO', 'Press Relations', 'Egide SA', 'Isabelle Aprile', 'May 2nd', 'Luc Ardon', '2021 results', 'CET', 'order', 'Board', '201 K', '55 K', 'March', 'Update', 'Santier', 'assets', 'maximum', 'growth', 'LOI', 'audits', 'filings', 'reminder', 'PMB', 'Banc', 'California', 'wish', 'June', 'consideration', 'limit', 'September', 'risks', 'default', 'continuity', 'management', 'initiatives', 'model', 'France', 'Story', 'egide-group', 'manufacture', 'entry', 'Optronics', 'High-Frequency', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'CONTACTS', 'finextenso', 'Attachment', '06:00', '90']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3936,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/asml-discloses-2022-agm-results-161500151.html,ASML discloses 2022 AGM results,ASML discloses 2022 AGM results Veldhoven  the Netherlands  April 29  2022 – ASML Holding NV today announces the results of its Annual General Meeting (AGM) ...,ASML Netherlands BVASML discloses 2022 AGM resultsVeldhoven  the Netherlands  April 29  2022 – ASML Holding NV today announces the results of its Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on April 29  2022.At the AGM  ASML’s statutory financial statements for the 2021 financial year were adopted. In addition  the following items were approved:Proposal to adopt a final dividend payment of €3.70 per ordinary share  which  together with the interim dividend paid on November 12  2021  leads to a total dividend for 2021 of €5.50 per ordinary shareProposals to discharge the members of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board from liability for their responsibilities in the 2021 financial yearProposal to determine the maximum number of shares available for the Board of ManagementProposal to amend the remuneration policy for the Board of ManagementProposals to reappoint Terri Kelly and to appoint Alexander Everke and An Steegen as members of the Supervisory BoardProposal to appoint KPMG as the external auditor for the 2023 and 2024 reporting yearsProposal to amend ASML’s Articles of AssociationProposal to authorize the Board of Management for a period of 18 months as of April 29  2022 to: Issue shares or grant rights to subscribe for ordinary shares up to 5% for general purposes and up to 5% in connection with or on the occasion of mergers  acquisitions and/or (strategic) alliances Authorize the Board of Management to restrict or exclude pre-emption rights in connection with the authorizations referred to under the previous point  all subject to the approval of the Supervisory BoardProposal to authorize the Board of Management for a period of 18 months as of April 29  2022 to repurchase a maximum of 10% of ASML’s issued share capital  subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board. The ordinary shares can be acquired at a price between the nominal value of the shares acquired and 110% of the average market price for these securities on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange or Nasdaq stock market. The AGM also authorized the cancelation of up to 10% of ASML’s issued share capital as of April 29  2022.A positive advisory vote was also cast on the remuneration report for the ASML Board of Management and Supervisory Board for the 2021 financial year.Story continuesThe following subjects were also discussed at the AGM:ASML’s business  financial situation and sustainabilityASML’s reserves and dividend policyThe notification of the reappointment of Peter Wennink and Martin van den Brink for a two-year term and Frédéric Schneider-Maunoury  Christophe Fouquet and Roger Dassen for a four-year term as members of the Board of ManagementThe composition of the Supervisory Board in 2023: Gerard Kleisterlee and Rolf-Dieter Schwalb will retire by rotation as of the 2023 AGMThe presentation given at the AGM and the recording of the webcast are available on www.asml.com.Media Relations contacts Investor Relations contacts Monique Mols +31 6 5284 4418 Skip Miller +1 480 235 0934 Ryan Young +1 480 205 8659 Marcel Kemp +31 40 268 6494 Karen Lo +886 36 23 6639 Peter Cheang +886 3 659 6771About ASMLASML is a leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. The company provides chipmakers with hardware  software and services to mass produce the patterns of integrated circuits (microchips). Together with its partners  ASML drives the advancement of more affordable  more powerful  more energy-efficient microchips. ASML enables groundbreaking technology to solve some of humanity's toughest challenges  such as in healthcare  energy use and conservation  mobility and agriculture. ASML is a multinational company headquartered in Veldhoven  the Netherlands  with offices across Europe  the US and Asia. Every day  ASML’s more than 33 100 employees (FTE) challenge the status quo and push technology to new limits. ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. Discover ASML – our products  technology and career opportunities – at www.asml.com.Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['2022 AGM results', 'ASML', 'Martin van den Brink', 'Frédéric Schneider-Maunoury', 'powerful, more energy-efficient microchips', 'Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange', 'positive advisory vote', 'Media Relations contacts', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Nasdaq stock market', 'final dividend payment', 'statutory financial statements', 'average market price', 'ASML Holding NV', 'ASML Netherlands BV', 'general purposes', 'interim dividend', 'total dividend', 'dividend policy', '2021 financial year', 'financial situation', 'following items', 'ordinary share', 'remuneration policy', 'Terri Kelly', 'Alexander Everke', 'An Steegen', 'external auditor', '2024 reporting years', 'strategic) alliances', 'previous point', 'share capital', 'nominal value', 'remuneration report', 'following subjects', 'Peter Wennink', 'two-year term', 'Christophe Fouquet', 'Roger Dassen', 'four-year term', 'Gerard Kleisterlee', 'Rolf-Dieter Schwalb', 'Monique Mols', 'Skip Miller', 'Ryan Young', 'Marcel Kemp', 'Karen Lo', 'Peter Cheang', 'leading supplier', 'semiconductor industry', 'integrated circuits', 'toughest challenges', 'energy use', 'status quo', 'new limits', 'career opportunities', 'Issue shares', 'Supervisory Board', 'maximum number', 'pre-emption rights', 'multinational company', 'groundbreaking technology', 'The AGM', '2022 AGM results', 'ASML Board', '2023 AGM', 'Veldhoven', 'April', 'addition', 'Proposal', 'November', 'members', 'Management', 'liability', 'responsibilities', 'KPMG', 'Articles', 'Association', 'period', '18 months', 'connection', 'occasion', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'authorizations', 'approval', 'securities', 'cancelation', 'Story', 'business', 'sustainability', 'reserves', 'notification', 'reappointment', 'composition', 'rotation', 'presentation', 'recording', 'webcast', 'chipmakers', 'hardware', 'software', 'services', 'patterns', 'partners', 'advancement', 'humanity', 'healthcare', 'conservation', 'mobility', 'agriculture', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', '33,100 employees', 'FTE', 'symbol', 'products', 'Attachment']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3937,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tarkett-combined-shareholders-meeting-april-124500965.html,Tarkett - Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 29  2022,Paris (France)  April 29  2022 – Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 29  2022 The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of Tarkett was held on Friday April 29  ...,"TarkettParis (France)  April 29  2022 – Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 29  2022The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of Tarkett was held on Friday April 29  2022 at 9h30 a.m. at the Auditorium located in ground floor of the registered address (Tour Initiale – 1  Terrasse Bellini – 92919 Paris la Défense)  chaired by Eric La Bonnardière  Chairman of the Supervisory Board.Quorum was established at 95.70% and 198 shareholders were present  represented or voted by correspondence.All resolutions were adopted by the Shareholders’ Meeting  notably:The approval of the Company’s and consolidated financial statements for Fiscal 2021 as well as the allocation of the result to the “Retained Earnings” account;The three regulated agreements with a majority of 63.45% excluding the vote of interested parties  including Tarkett Participation S.A.S.;The renewal for a new four-year term of the mandates as members of the Supervisory Board of Eric La Bonnardière  Didier Deconinck and Julien Deconinck as well as the mandate of Bernard-André Deconinck as observer of the Supervisory Board;The approval of all resolutions related to the remuneration of the Company’s corporate officers;The financial delegations granted to the Management Board.The detailed results of the votes are available on the Company's website www.tarkett-group.com in the ""General Shareholders’ Meeting 2022"" section.***Investor Relations Contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia contactsTarkett - communication@tarkett.comBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83About TarkettWith a history of 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative flooring and sports surface solutions  with net sales of € 2.8 billion in 2021. Offering a wide range of products including vinyl  linoleum  rubber  carpet  wood  laminate  artificial turf and athletics tracks  the Group serves customers in over 100 countries across the globe. Tarkett has 12 000 employees and 34 industrial sites  and sells 1.3 million square meters of flooring every day  for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields. Committed to change the game with circular economy and to reducing its carbon footprint  the Group has implemented an eco-innovation strategy based on Cradle to Cradle® principles  fully aligned with its Tarkett HumanConscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT). www.tarkett-group.comStory continuesAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.52,0.36,0.12,True,English,"['Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Tarkett', 'April', 'Tarkett Participation S.A.S.', 'Eric La Bonnardière', '92919 Paris la Défense', 'General Shareholders’ Meeting 2022"" section', 'Tarkett HumanConscious Design® approach', 'The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'three regulated agreements', 'new four-year term', 'Investor Relations Contact', '1.3 million square meters', 'sports surface solutions', 'Media contacts Tarkett', '9h30 a', 'sports fields', 'Euronext Paris', 'ground floor', 'Tour Initiale', 'Terrasse Bellini', 'Supervisory Board', 'financial statements', 'Retained Earnings', 'interested parties', 'Didier Deconinck', 'Julien Deconinck', 'Bernard-André Deconinck', 'corporate officers', 'financial delegations', 'Management Board', 'detailed results', 'worldwide leader', 'net sales', 'wide range', 'artificial turf', 'athletics tracks', '34 industrial sites', 'circular economy', 'carbon footprint', 'eco-innovation strategy', 'compartment B', 'innovative flooring', 'Cradle® principles', '198 shareholders', 'France', 'April', 'Friday', 'Auditorium', 'address', 'Chairman', 'Quorum', 'correspondence', 'resolutions', 'approval', 'Company', 'Fiscal', 'allocation', 'account', 'majority', 'vote', 'renewal', 'mandates', 'members', 'observer', 'remuneration', 'website', 'tarkett-group', 'communication', 'Brunswick', 'Tel.', 'history', '140 years', 'products', 'vinyl', 'linoleum', 'rubber', 'carpet', 'wood', 'laminate', 'customers', '100 countries', 'globe', '12,000 employees', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'stores', 'game', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'Attachment', '33']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3938,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/capital-increase-reserved-nexans-group-050000941.html,Capital increase reserved for Nexans Group employees,Capital increase reserved for Nexans Group employees _PRESS RELEASE_ Paris  on April 29  2022 – Nexans will implement its 10th employee share offering at the...,NexansCapital increase reserved for Nexans Group employees_PRESS RELEASE_Paris  on April 29  2022 – Nexans will implement its 10th employee share offering at the beginning of the second half of 2022. This transaction will result in a share capital increase of the Nexans company of a maximum of 500 000 shares. The settlement and delivery of the shares is scheduled for July 26  2022.This employee shareholding plan  which is in line with the policy of developing the employee shareholding within the Nexans Group  will cover 25 countries. Nexans wishes to associate its employees with the Group’s development  both in France and abroad.For the first time  employees will be able to participate in the Group's decarbonization effort  as Nexans will use part of the funds raised for projects to reduce greenhouse gas emissions  increase energy efficiency and circular economy. Nexans will be the first French issuer to propose this type of initiative.This transaction  called “Nexans Act 2022”  will consist in a unique offering including a leverage effect and an investment guarantee which could be adjusted  according to the country  in the form of a similar offering complying with the main offering’s objectives  while taking into account local tax and legal requirements.The main terms and conditions of this offering are described hereinafter.FRAMEWORK OF THE TRANSACTION – OFFERED SHARESThe shareholders of Nexans  at the combined General Shareholders’ Meeting of May 12  2021  authorized the Board of Directors of Nexans  to decide to increase the share capital of Nexans  in one or more occasions  to a maximum nominal amount of (i) 400 000 euros  through the issuance of new shares reserved for employees of the Nexans company and the French and foreign companies related to it  pursuant to Articles L.225-180 of the French Commercial Code and L.3344-1 of the French Labor Code  and who are members of an employee savings plan  and (ii) and to a maximum nominal amount of 100 000 euros  through the issuance of new shares reserved for a financial institution  structuring at the Company’s request an alternative employee shareholding plan in some countries within the scope.Story continuesIn accordance with this delegation  the Board of Directors decided on November 8  2021 of the principle of an issuance of ordinary shares to the employees members of the Group Savings Plan.The CEO of Nexans  acting on delegation of the Board of Directors  will decide the final terms and conditions of the transaction by a decision expected to occur on June 22  2022; at this date  notably  he will set the subscription price of the newly-issued shares  which will be equal to the “Reference Price” (average of the opening price of the Nexans share on the regulated market of Euronext Paris during 20 days preceding this date) less a 20% or 30% discount  depending on the country.MAIN TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE EMPLOYEE SHAREHOLDING TRANSACTIONBeneficiaries of the share offering reserved for employees: the beneficiaries of the offering are (i) the employees  and the corporate officers under the conditions provided for by Article L.3332-2 of the French Labor Code  of the companies in the offering scope  members of the Group Savings Plan France or the International Group Savings Plan  and that are able to justify a three-month seniority within the Group at the closing date of the revocation period and (ii) the early retirees and retirees of the French companies of the Group who have maintained assets within the Group Savings Plan France since they left the Group.Companies in the offering scope: companies of the Nexans Group  having their registered office in France or abroad (i) in which Nexans S.A. holds directly or indirectly more than 50% of their share capital  (ii) which will have become members of the Nexans Group Savings Plan France or the Nexans International Group Savings Plan and (iii) which are located in one of the twenty-five following countries: Australia  Belgium  Brazil  Canada  Chile  China  Colombia  France  Germany  Ghana  Greece  Italy  Ivory Coast  Japan  Lebanon  Morocco  New Zealand  Norway  Peru  South Korea  Spain  Sweden  Switzerland  Turkey  and United-States.Terms and conditions of subscription: the shares will either be subscribed as registered shares  or through a fonds commun de placement d’entreprise (“FCPE”)  in accordance with the applicable regulation and/or applicable tax legislation in the various countries of residence of the beneficiaries of the capital share increase.Subscription formula: the employees will be able to subscribe to Nexans shares through a FCPE (except local particular restrictions) within the scope of the unique subscription formula including a secured leverage effect allowing these employees to benefit from a guarantee  in euros  for their initial investment. In some countries  employees will receive a Stock Appreciation Right in which the amount will be indexed by applying a comparable formula to the one offered in the leveraged formula. Employees participating in the offering will benefit from a matching contribution from Nexans  under the conditions described in the documentation specifically related to the offering.Lock-up period applicable to the Nexans shares or to the corresponding FCPE units: the of the offering shall hold the shares or the corresponding FCPE units for a five-year period  i.e. until July 26  2027  unless an early release event occurs.Exercise of the voting rights attached to the shares: when the shares will be subscribed and held through a FCPE  the voting rights attached to these shares will be exercised by the Supervisory Board of the concerned FCPE; when the voting rights will be held in registered form  the voting rights will be exercised individually by the employees involved.How the funds will be allocated: Nexans undertakes to allocate at least 25% of the total amount subscribed to Act 2022 or at least 10 million euros (within the limit of the total amount subscribed) to finance internal environmental projects developed by the Group (reduction of greenhouse gas emissions  improvement of energy efficiency  circular economy). These projects and the allocation of the funds will meet the eligibility criteria  reporting commitments and governance framework defined by Nexans.SCHEDULE OF THE TRANSACTIONReservation period: from May 9  2022 (inclusive) to May 24  2022 (inclusive);Determination and communication of the subscription price: June 22  2022;Revocation period: from June 23  2022 (inclusive) to June 28  2022 (inclusive);Settlement and delivery of the shares: July 26  2022.HEDGING TRANSACTIONThe implementation of the leveraged formula involves hedging transactions from the banking institution structuring the offering  in particular through purchases and/or sales of Nexans shares  loans or borrowings of Nexans shares  purchases of call options on Nexans shares and/or any other transactions  at any time and in particular as from the opening date of the period for setting the Reference Price and throughout the duration of the transaction.LISTINGThe listing of the newly-issued Nexans shares to be traded on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ISIN Code: FR0000044448)  on the same listing line as the existing shares  will be requested as soon as possible following the completion of the capital increase scheduled for July 26  2022.SPECIFIC MENTION REGARDING THE INTERNATIONAL OFFERINGThis press release does not constitute an offering to sell or a solicitation to subscribe for Nexans shares. The offering of Nexans shares reserved for employees will only be implemented in the countries where such an offering has been registered with and/or notified to the competent local authorities and/or following the approval of a prospectus by the competent local authorities  or in consideration of an exemption of the requirement to prepare a prospectus or to register or notify the offering.More generally  the offering will only be implemented in countries where all required filing procedures and/or notifications have been completed and the required authorizations have been obtained.CONTACT FOR THE BENEFICIARIES OF THE OFFERINGThe beneficiaries may address all questions regarding this offering to their Human Resources department and/or any other person as specified in the documents provided to the beneficiaries.About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrify the future. With around 25 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is leading the charge to the new world of electrification: safe  sustainable  renewable  decarbonized and accessible to everyone. In 2021  Nexans generated 6.1 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across five main business areas: Energy Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usages  Industry & Solutions and Telecom & Data. Nexans is the first company of its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationElyette Rouxelyette.roux@nexans.comMinaa El BazTél. : +33 (0)1 78 15 04 65minaa.el_baz@nexans.com Investor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTél. : +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,positive,0.64,0.31,0.05,True,English,"['Nexans Group employees', 'Capital increase', 'Nexans International Group Savings Plan', 'fonds commun de placement', 'Nexans Group Savings Plan France', 'combined General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'alternative employee shareholding plan', '10th employee share offering', 'employee savings plan', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'Stock Appreciation Right', 'French Commercial Code', 'French Labor Code', 'local particular restrictions', 'first French issuer', 'applicable tax legislation', 'secured leverage effect', 'Nexans S.A.', 'maximum nominal amount', 'share capital increase', 'capital share increase', 'twenty-five following countries', 'EMPLOYEE SHAREHOLDING TRANSACTION', 'unique subscription formula', 'Nexans Group employees', 'local tax', 'Nexans share', 'first time', 'applicable regulation', 'unique offering', 'second half', 'decarbonization effort', 'energy efficiency', 'circular economy', 'legal requirements', 'financial institution', 'subscription price', 'Reference Price', 'opening price', 'regulated market', 'corporate officers', 'Article L.', 'three-month seniority', 'revocation period', 'registered office', 'Ivory Coast', 'New Zealand', 'South Korea', 'initial investment', 'comparable formula', 'similar offering', 'main offering', 'French companies', 'main terms', 'final terms', 'Nexans company', 'OFFERED SHARES', 'new shares', 'ordinary shares', 'registered shares', 'various countries', 'investment guarantee', 'Euronext Paris', 'early retirees', 'foreign companies', 'offering scope', 'closing date', 'employees members', '500,000 shares', '25 countries', 'April', 'beginning', 'settlement', 'delivery', 'July', 'line', 'policy', 'development', 'funds', 'projects', 'type', 'initiative', 'country', 'objectives', 'account', 'conditions', 'FRAMEWORK', 'THE', 'May', 'Board', 'Directors', 'occasions', '400,000 euros', 'issuance', 'Articles', '100,000 euros', 'request', 'Story', 'accordance', 'delegation', 'November', 'principle', 'CEO', 'decision', 'June', 'average', '20 days', '30% discount', 'Beneficiaries', 'assets', 'Australia', 'Belgium', 'Brazil', 'Canada', 'Chile', 'China', 'Colombia', 'Germany', 'Ghana', 'Greece', 'Italy', 'Japan', 'Lebanon', 'Morocco', 'Norway', 'Peru', 'Spain', 'Sweden', 'Switzerland', 'Turkey', 'United-States', 'entreprise', 'FCPE', 'residence']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3939,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/riber-2022-first-quarter-revenues-060000618.html,Riber : 2022 first-quarter revenues,Press release 2022 first-quarter revenues Bezons  April 29  2022 - 8:00am (CET) - RIBER  the global leader for molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) equipment serving...,RIBERPress release2022 first-quarter revenuesBezons  April 29  2022 - 8:00am (CET) - RIBER  the global leader for molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) equipment serving the semiconductor industry  is reporting its revenues for the first quarter of 2022.Change in revenuesAt March 31 (€m) 2022 2021 Change Systems 0.0 0.0 ns Services and accessories 2.4 3.2 -25% Total quarterly revenues 2.4 3.2 -25%2022 first-quarter revenues came to €2.4m  down 25% compared with the first quarter of 2021.While no revenues were recorded for MBE systems  this reflects the production cycle for machines that have been ordered for 2022 and is not an indication of the Company's performance over the full year.Revenues for services and accessories (€2.4m) show a temporary contraction  down 25% due to deferred billing for a major order. They are therefore expected to bounce back strongly in the second quarter.At end-March 2022  the breakdown of the Company's revenues was as follows: 50% in Europe  39% in Asia and 11% in the US.Order book developmentsAt March 31 (€m) 2022 2021 Change Systems 16.7 9.6 +74% Services and accessories 6.1 7.7 -20% Total order book 22.8 17.3 +32%During the first quarter  the Company recorded six orders for MBE systems  confirming the significant upturn in new orders despite the persistent obstacles for granting export licenses for certain contracts in Asia.At end-March 2022  the order book totaled €22.8m  up 32% from end-March 2021. The systems order book is up 74% to €16.7m  based on nine machines  with eight to be delivered in 2022. The services and accessories order book is down 20% to €6.1m  faced with a high basis for comparison.Outlook for 2022The Company is forecasting growth in both revenues and profitability for 2022 compared with 2021.Alongside this  the Company expects to continue to record new orders during the second quarter of 2022 thanks to a strong pipeline of prospects for both systems and services.Next dateJune 21  2022: Combined General Meeting from 10am at RIBER’s headquarters in BezonsStory continuesAbout RIBERRIBER is the global market leader for MBE - molecular beam epitaxy - equipment. It designs and produces MBE systems and evaporators for the semiconductor industry. It also provides technical and scientific support for its clients  maintaining their equipment and optimizing their performance and output levels. Through its high-tech equipment  RIBER performs an essential role in the development of advanced semiconductor systems that are used in numerous consumer applications  from information technologies to 5G telecommunications networks  OLED screens and next-generation solar cells.RIBER is a BPI France-approved innovative company and is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market (ISIN: FR0000075954).www.riber.comContactsRIBERStéphane Berterretchetel: +33 (0)1 39 96 65 00invest@riber.com CALYPTUSCyril Combetel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68cyril.combe@calyptus.netAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,mixed,0.15,0.21,0.64,True,English,"['2022 first-quarter revenues', 'Riber', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'BPI France-approved innovative company', 'molecular beam epitaxy', 'Combined General Meeting', 'numerous consumer applications', '5G telecommunications networks', 'next-generation solar cells', 'Stéphane Berterretche', 'Order book developments', 'Total order book', 'global market leader', 'systems order book', 'Total quarterly revenues', 'advanced semiconductor systems', 'accessories order book', '2022 first-quarter revenues Bezons', 'global leader', 'major order', 'semiconductor industry', 'Press release', 'first quarter', 'production cycle', 'full year', 'temporary contraction', 'second quarter', 'six orders', 'significant upturn', 'new orders', 'persistent obstacles', 'export licenses', 'high basis', 'strong pipeline', 'Next date', 'scientific support', 'output levels', 'essential role', 'information technologies', 'OLED screens', 'MBE systems', 'Change Systems', 'The Company', 'nine machines', 'high-tech equipment', 'Cyril Combe', 'MBE) equipment', 'RIBER', 'April', '8:00am', 'CET', 'March', 'Services', 'indication', 'performance', 'billing', 'breakdown', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'contracts', 'comparison', 'Outlook', 'profitability', 'prospects', 'June', '10am', 'headquarters', 'Story', 'evaporators', 'technical', 'clients', 'ISIN', 'Contacts', 'CALYPTUS', 'Attachment']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3940,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/2021-full-earnings-2022-first-060000039.html,2021 full-year earnings - 2022 first-quarter revenues,2021 full-year earnings 2022 first-quarter revenues Version 6.6 of XpertEye launched at the start of April Commercial acceleration in the second quarter to...,2021 full-year earnings2022 first-quarter revenuesVersion 6.6 of XpertEye launched at the start of AprilCommercial acceleration in the second quarter to deploy this new versionAMA CORPORATION PLC (“AMA”) (ISIN GB00BNKGC5 – ticker ALAMA)  a pioneer for assisted reality solutions and a publisher and integrator of B2B software solutions for smart workplaces  is releasing its consolidated full-year earnings at December 31  2021  approved by the Board of Directors during its meeting on April 27  2022. The audit procedures are currently being finalized and the reports will be issued on May 6  2022.Consolidated earnings - IFRS (€’000) 2021 2020 Change Revenues 6 572 6 432 +2.2% Adjusted gross margin1% of revenues 4 07262% 3 05847.5% +32.3%+14.5 pts Staff costs (9 707) (6 953) -39.6% Adjusted EBITDA2 (6 093) (4 579) -33.1% EBIT (9 511) (7 316) -30.0% Financial income (expense) (284) (294) +3.4% Income from ordinary operations before tax (9 795) (7 609) -28.7% Consolidated net income (9 878) (7 551) -30.8%Christian Guillemot  co-founder and CEO of AMA: “AMA passed a major milestone in 2021 with its initial public offering on Euronext Growth Paris. The capital increase carried out for a gross total of €38.2m  with the founding shareholders  Guillemot Brothers  investing €14m  has made it possible to further strengthen AMA’s organization in order to prepare for growth in 2022 and the following years. The launch of version 6.6 of XpertEye at the start of April represents a crucial step forward as we look to gain new market shares for the digitalization of frontline workers  in addition to accelerating our growth over the second half of 2022”.2021 earningsAMA recorded €6.6m of consolidated full-year revenues in 2021  up from €6.4m in 2020  with year-on-year growth of 2.2% at current exchange rates (+4% at constant exchange rates). At end-December 2021  AMA had 490 clients  including 160 new accounts  while establishing new technological and commercial partnerships  several of which are currently being finalized.Story continuesThe Group’s gross margin came to €4.1m at end-2021  with a margin rate of 62%  a 14.5-point improvement thanks to strong growth in software sales (+163%)  which represent 37% of the Group’s revenues for the period (versus 15% in 2020). This trend  resulting from the deferral of commercial deployments  is nevertheless positive for the product mix  while making it possible to limit the level of cash consumption and the operating loss recorded. Although staff costs are up +39.6%  operating expenditure increased by just +30% from €(7.3)m in 2020 to €(9.5)m in 2021. Adjusted EBITDA came to €(6.1)m  compared with €(4.6)m in 2020. After factoring in €(0.3)m of financial income and expenses  the AMA Group recorded €(9.9)m of consolidated net income (Group share) in 2021  compared with €(7.6)m at December 31  2020.2022 first-quarter revenuesFor the first quarter of 2022  AMA is reporting unaudited consolidated revenues of €1.1m (-50% from Q1 2021 and -20% versus Q4 2021). As announced in October 2021  AMA has faced technological challenges relating to the integration and interoperability of its new applications within its clients’ information systems  as well as the inclusion of additional technological features.The R&D teams have been structured  with more than one third of the R&D staff  totaling 70 people to date  focused on developing integration solutions (APIs).XpertEye 6.6 launched at the start of AprilLaunched on April 4  2022  version 6.6 of XpertEye concerns all of the Group’s assisted reality solutions (Lite  Advanced  Essential)  and includes:The possibility to work remotely on several video streams simultaneously. All the members of a conference can now benefit from different viewpoints and interact on each stream (zooming in and out  drawing  pointing  etc.). For instance  an expert or surgeon could share a contextual viewpoint with other professionals (operating theater or machine several meters long) from a motorized pan-tilt-zoom (PTZ) panoramic camera  or their own view with connected glasses and a video stream from an endoscopic camera  with the possibility for each participant to take control of each video source.The availability of XpertEye on the next-generation connected glasses with RealWear Navigator 500. Their innovative design  with removable camera and batteries  as well as a powerful camera with video stabilization and its outstanding performance capabilities in low-light situations  make them ideally suited to industrial environments.The integration of a multi-parameter medical monitor that measures and shares health indicators  such as temperature  blood pressure  heart rate and oxygen saturation  and includes a blood glucose monitor.The integration of wearable electrocardiogram (ECG) monitors  enabling live cardiology consultations to be carried out remotely.Interoperability has been further strengthened through a series of improvements  including XpertEye’s dynamic links with third-party applications  easier interaction with XpertEye Schedule and XpertEye Proceed  and the creation of components making it possible to structure the data generated by XpertEye with a view to their integration in the vast majority of client information systems (CRM  ERP).The rollout of solutions in Hindi (the world’s third most spoken language) and Thai  taking the number of languages supported by XpertEye Lite and XpertEye Advanced up to 20.Alongside the ramping up of its capacity for innovation  ISO 9001 and ISO 27001 certification has been secured for all of the AMA Group business units3 covering technological links with clients. These international standards confirm the quality of the procedures  as well as the security and reliability of the information security management system (ISMS).These new features and these certifications will help drive the large-scale integration of AMA solutions with key accounts and the deployment of new commercial partnerships.Commercial deploymentThe new partnerships established  and the commercial operations set up  including most recently with the smart glasses manufacturer RealWear  represent a major driving force for accelerating the deployment of XpertEye solutions.The Group  present in 10 countries  has continued to further strengthen its international footprint  with the creation of its Tokyo-based subsidiary AMA XpertEye K.K and the recruitment of its commercial director at the start of the year  alongside a project manager who was already in place.Sound financial positionFollowing its IPO  AMA had €18m of positive net cash at end-2021  compared with -€2.5m at December 31  2020  as well as €17.5m of undrawn bank lines to date. It therefore has the financial resources in place enabling it to finance its development.CSR: materiality and mapping of stakeholdersAMA is continuing to roll out its CSR strategy  launching a consultation process with all of its internal and external stakeholders (employees  clients  suppliers  community  etc.) in order to draw up its materiality matrix and identify the most relevant stakes to meet their expectations  support shared value creation and further strengthen the Group’s overall performance.2022 objectivesAMA expects to see a return to sustained growth from the second half of 2022  driven by the industrial-scale deployment of its solutions and the ramping up of its commercial partnerships and network.Financial calendar2022 second-quarter revenues: July 29  2022 (before start of trading)2022 first-half earnings and third-quarter revenues: October 31  2022 (before start of trading)DisclaimerThis press release contains certain non-factual elements  including but not restricted to certain statements concerning its future results and other future events. These statements are based on the current vision and assumptions of AMA Corporation PLC’s leadership team. They include various known and unknown uncertainties and risks that could result in material differences in relation to the expected results  profitability and events. In addition  AMA Corporation PLC  its shareholders and its respective affiliates  directors  executives  advisors and employees have not checked the accuracy of and make no representations or warranties concerning the statistical or forward-looking information contained in this press release that is taken from or derived from third-party sources or industry publications. These statistical data and forward-looking information are used in this press release exclusively for information.About AMAWhereas most collaborative working tools quickly reach their limits once outside the office space  AMA enables experts to work remotely with frontline workers using a secure software platform combined with video tools that are perfectly tailored to each business.With nearly seven years’ experience in remote assistance solutions  AMA helps industry and service providers of all sizes  as well as medical establishments  to accelerate their digital transformation. Deployed in more than 100 countries  AMA’s assisted reality platform  XpertEye  addresses a wide range of use cases  from remote diagnostics to inspection  planning and workflow management. Its unique solutions for remote interactive collaboration enable businesses and institutions to increase productivity  speed up resolution times and maximise uptime.AMA is a fast-growing company with offices in France  Germany  Romania  Spain  Italy  the United Kingdom  the United States  Canada  China (including Hong Kong) and Japan. AMA has a global presence and works across all time zones to forge close relationships with its clients wherever they are. AMA is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (GB00BNKGZC51 – ALAMA). Learn more at www.amaxperteye.com.ContactsAMA Corporation PLCPerrine FromontCFO+33 2 23 44 13 39investors@ama.bzhFinancial Media RelationsCalyptus - Marie Calleux+33 (0)6 09 68 55 38ama@calyptus.net1 The adjusted gross margin corresponds to the margin on purchases consumed excluding the depreciation of inventory.2 Adjusted EBITDA corresponds to EBIT + depreciation of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets + share-based payments in accordance with IFRS 2.3 ISO 27001 “Information technology - Security techniques - Information security management systems - Requirements” certification awarded to AMA SA  AMA Research & Development and AMA Operations.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.22,0.24,0.54,True,English,"['2021 full-year earnings', '2022 first-quarter revenues', 'initial public offering', 'current exchange rates', 'constant exchange rates', 'R&D teams', 'outstanding performance capabilities', 'multi-parameter medical monitor', 'live cardiology consultations', 'blood glucose monitor', 'additional technological features', 'R&D staff', 'several video streams', 'new market shares', 'assisted reality solutions', 'B2B software solutions', 'Consolidated net income', 'clients’ information systems', 'next-generation connected glasses', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'unaudited consolidated revenues', 'AMA CORPORATION PLC', 'consolidated full-year earnings', 'Consolidated earnings', 'new technological', 'software sales', 'blood pressure', '2021 full-year earnings', 'Staff costs', 'technological challenges', 'video source', 'video stabilization', 'Financial income', '160 new accounts', 'new applications', 'full-year revenues', 'Commercial acceleration', 'second quarter', 'ISIN GB00BNKGC5', 'smart workplaces', 'audit procedures', 'ordinary operations', 'Christian Guillemot', 'major milestone', 'capital increase', 'gross total', 'founding shareholders', 'Guillemot Brothers', 'following years', 'crucial step', 'frontline workers', 'second half', 'commercial partnerships', 'gross margin', 'margin rate', '14.5-point improvement', 'commercial deployments', 'product mix', 'cash consumption', 'operating loss', 'operating expenditure', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'first quarter', 'one third', 'different viewpoints', 'contextual viewpoint', 'other professionals', 'operating theater', 'motorized pan-tilt-zoom', 'endoscopic camera', 'RealWear Navigator', 'innovative design', 'removable camera', 'powerful camera', 'low-light situations', 'industrial environments', 'health indicators', 'heart rate', 'oxygen saturation', 'wearable electrocardiogram', 'ECG) monitors', 'dynamic links', 'third-party applications', 'easier interaction', '2022 first-quarter revenues', 'Change Revenues', 'year growth', 'strong growth', 'integration solutions', 'The Group', 'Group share', 'new version', 'AMA Group', '3.4% Income', '2021 earnings', '490 clients', 'XpertEye', 'start', 'April', 'ticker', 'ALAMA', 'pioneer', 'publisher', 'integrator', 'December', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', 'reports', 'May', 'IFRS', '+14.5 pts', 'EBITDA2', 'expense', 'tax', 'founder', 'CEO', 'organization', 'order', 'launch', 'digitalization', 'Story', 'period', 'trend', 'deferral', 'level', 'Q1', 'Q4', 'October', 'interoperability', 'inclusion', '70 people', 'APIs', 'possibility', 'members', 'conference', 'instance', 'expert', 'surgeon', 'machine', 'participant', 'control', 'availability', 'batteries', 'temperature', 'series', 'improvements']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3941,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000386.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28 Apr 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.8601 £ 25.0668 Estimated MTD return 1.51 % 1.61 % Estimated YTD return -1.17 % -0.94 % Estimated ITD return 188.60 % 150.67 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.23 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.21 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 249.7570 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.5243The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3942,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000387.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28 Apr 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.8601 £ 25.0668 Estimated MTD return 1.51 % 1.61 % Estimated YTD return -1.17 % -0.94 % Estimated ITD return 188.60 % 150.67 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.23 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.21 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 249.7570 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.5243The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3943,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/boussard-gavaudan-holding-limited-eur-170000001.html,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR) : Transaction in Own Shares,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED April 2022 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT1 The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDApril 202 2 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT 1The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares  it repurchased 0 Euro shares in April 2022.Figure of the share buy back programme for April 2022Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Aggregate number of transactions conducted in April 2022 00 Average size of the transactions 0 0Following this transaction  the Company has:Euro share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 12 316 588Euro share held in treasury 0 GBP share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 130 254 GBP share held in treasury 0 Total number of shares 12 446 84229 April 2022For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389François-Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor Boussard & Gavaudan Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results; the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; and if you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.1 This report includes the transactions conducted by both BGHL  for the share buy back programme and Exane  for the Liquidity Enhancement Agreement.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.13,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Own Shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'Transaction', 'April 2022 Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Euro share', 'GBP share', 'general authority', 'market purchases', 'Aggregate number', 'Average size', 'Total number', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'listed securities', 'Ordinary shares', 'necessary approval', 'The Shares', 'future results', 'information purposes', '29 April', 'BOUSSARD', 'TRANSACTION', 'shareholders', '28 May', 'Figure', 'treasury', 'LLP', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Exane', 'Attachment']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3944,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/boussard-gavaudan-holding-limited-gbp-170000896.html,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP) : Transaction in Own Shares,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED April 2022 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT1 The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDApril 202 2 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT 1The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares  it repurchased 0 Euro shares in April 2022.Figure of the share buy back programme for April 2022Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Aggregate number of transactions conducted in April 2022 00 Average size of the transactions 0 0Following this transaction  the Company has:Euro share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 12 316 588Euro share held in treasury 0 GBP share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 130 254 GBP share held in treasury 0 Total number of shares 12 446 84229 April 2022For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389François-Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor Boussard & Gavaudan Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results; the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; and if you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.1 This report includes the transactions conducted by both BGHL  for the share buy back programme and Exane  for the Liquidity Enhancement Agreement.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.13,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Own Shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'Transaction', 'April 2022 Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Euro share', 'general authority', 'GBP share', 'market purchases', 'Aggregate number', 'Average size', 'Total number', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'listed securities', 'Ordinary shares', 'necessary approval', 'The Shares', 'future results', 'information purposes', '29 April', 'BOUSSARD', 'TRANSACTION', 'shareholders', '28 May', 'Figure', 'treasury', 'LLP', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Exane', 'Attachment']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3945,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/signify-reports-first-quarter-sales-050700616.html,Signify reports first quarter sales of EUR 1.8 billion  CSG of 6.4% and an operational profitability of 10.5%,Press Release April 29  2022 Signify reports first quarter sales of EUR 1.8 billion  CSG of 6.4% and an operational profitability of 10.5% First quarter...,SignifyPress ReleaseApril 29  2022Signify reports first quarter sales of EUR 1.8 billion  CSG of 6.4% and an operational profitability of 10.5%First quarter 20221Signify's installed base of connected light points increased from 96 million in Q4 21 to 100 million in Q1 22Sales of EUR 1 788 million; nominal sales increase of 11.8% and CSG of 6.4%LED-based sales represented 84% of total sales (Q1 21: 82%)Adj. EBITA margin of 10.5% (Q1 21: 10.8%)Net income of EUR 87 million (Q1 21: EUR 60 million)Free cash flow of EUR -189 million (Q1 21: EUR 168 million)Net debt/EBITDA ratio of 1.6x (Q1 21: 1.4x)Eindhoven  the Netherlands – Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  today announced the company’s first quarter 2022 results.“Our main priority in the first quarter was to safeguard and support our Ukrainian employees and their families to the best extent possible. We are happy to report that all of our people are safe  and we were proud to see the very strong engagement from our colleagues and the Signify Foundation in supporting the people and communities so desperately affected by the war. Investments in Russia were stopped and all new business was paused since February 25th. We were also impacted by the return of lockdowns in China towards the end of the quarter. Throughout these challenging conditions  Signify continued to see strong momentum in the professional channel in the US and in most of the other geographies. We grew by 6.4% in the first quarter and maintained a strong double-digit adjusted EBITA margin. Global supply chain disruptions  which brought longer supplier lead times and higher levels of inventory  have negatively affected our cash flow. We expect this to positively readjust as the year progresses ” said CEO  Eric Rondolat.“Given the world’s growing need for sustainable  connected and energy efficient lighting  we remain more focused than ever on our strategic priorities. For the remainder of the year  we anticipate a lower performance from our consumer-focused business due to inflationary headwinds. At the same time  we still expect strong demand for our professional business  driven by ongoing investments in the energy transition. Moving forward  our guidance for the year remains within reach  assuming the Chinese market and global supply chain dynamics do not deteriorate further.”Story continuesBrighter Lives  Better World 2025In the first quarter of the year  Signify was on track for most of its Brighter Lives  Better World 2025 sustainability program commitments that contribute to doubling its positive impact on the environment and society.Double the pace of the Paris Agreement:Cumulative carbon reduction over the value chain is on track. This is mainly due to the accelerated shift to energy efficient and connected LED lighting  which decreases carbon emissions in the use phase  and Signify's ongoing efforts to decarbonize its supply chain.Double our Circular revenues to 32%:Circular revenues increased to 30%  well on track to reach the target. This positive trend is attributable to the recent upgrade of a family of luminaires  which are now serviceable  and to the further expansion of the serviceable portfolio in outdoor luminaires.Double our Brighter lives revenues to 32%:Brighter lives revenues were 27%  on track to reach the target. The main contributions come from the consumer well-being portfolio  as well as UV-C disinfection and emergency lighting.Double the percentage of women in leadership positions to 34%:The percentage of women in leadership positions was 26%  slightly off track  yet Signify expects to see further progress during the year. In Q1  Signify conducted the first all-employee session of the Powering Inclusion Series with more than 5 000 participants across the company  and celebrated International Women's Day with its global #BreakTheBias campaign. Signify participated in the UN Global Compact’s Target Gender Equality event to share its mentoring practices for improving diverse representation in its organization.OutlookFollowing the solid performance in the first quarter  the strong order intake and the continued momentum in the professional segment  Signify maintains its guidance for 2022. This assumes that the Chinese market and global supply chain dynamics do not deteriorate further.Comparable sales growth in the range of 3-6%Continued Adjusted EBITA margin improvement of up to 50 bpsFree cash flow in excess of 8% of salesFinancial reviewFirst quarter in millions of EUR  except percentages 2021 2022 change Comparable sales growth 6.4% Effects of currency movements 5.2% Consolidation and other changes 0.2% Sales 1 599 1 788 11.8% Adjusted gross margin 637 684 7.5% Adj. gross margin (as % of sales) 39.8 % 38.3 % Adj. SG&A expenses -424 -456 Adj. R&D expenses -72 -72 Adj. indirect costs -496 -528 -6.3 % Adj. indirect costs (as % of sales) 31.0 % 29.5 % Adjusted EBITA 172 187 8.6% Adjusted EBITA margin 10.8% 10.5% Adjusted items -57 -41 EBITA 115 146 27.1% Income from operations (EBIT) 85 115 35.5% Net financial income/expense -10 -6 Income tax expense -15 -22 Net income 60 87 44.7% Free cash flow 168 -189 Basic EPS (€) 0.47 0.69 Employees (FTE) 37 356 36 884First quarterSales increased by 11.8% to EUR 1 788 million  with a comparable sales growth of 6.4%. Nominal sales growth included a positive currency effect of 5.2%  mainly attributable to the appreciation of the USD  and a positive impact from consolidation and other changes of 0.2%. LED-based sales increased from 82% in Q1 21 to 84% in Q1 2022.During the quarter  energy prices increased significantly. Together with higher transportation costs  the increase in energy costs impacted the adjusted gross margin  mainly in Conventional Products due to its energy intensive production processes. As a result of these cost increases  the Adjusted gross margin decreased by 150 bps to 38.3%  yet on the back of a high comparison base in Q1 2021. The company is implementing further price increases to compensate for these effects.Adjusted indirect costs as a percentage of sales decreased by 150 bps to 29.5%  driven by operating leverage and structural cost savings.Adjusted EBITA increased by 8.6% to EUR 187 million. The Adjusted EBITA margin was 10.5%  remaining above 10% for the second consecutive year. The Adjusted EBITA margin decline of 30 bps reflects the high comparison base of the previous year  a negative currency effect of 130 bps and higher COGS  which were partly compensated by price increases  positive sales mix and operating leverage.Restructuring costs were EUR 4 million  acquisition-related charges were EUR 7 million and incidental items were EUR 29 million  largely attributable to impairments related to Signify's operations in Russia and Ukraine.Net income increased by EUR 27 million to EUR 87 million  mainly reflecting higher income from operations and lower net financial expenses  partly reduced by impairments related to our operations in Russia and Ukraine.¹ This press release contains certain non-IFRS financial measures and ratios  such as comparable sales growth  EBITA  adjusted EBITA and free cash flow  and related ratios  which are not recognized measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. For a reconciliation of these non-IFRS financial measures to the most directly comparable IFRS financial measures  see appendix B  Reconciliation of non-IFRS financial measures  of this press release.For the full and original version of the press release click hereFor the presentation click hereConference call and audio webcastEric Rondolat (CEO) and Javier van Engelen (CFO) will host a conference call for analysts and institutional investors at 9:00 a.m. CET to discuss the first quarter 2022 results. A live audio webcast of the conference call will be available via the Investor Relations website .Financial calendar 2022May 17  2022 Annual General MeetingMay 19  2022 Ex-dividend dateMay 20  2022 Dividend record dateMay 31  2022 Dividend payment dateJuly 29  2022 Second quarter and half-year results 2022October 28  2022 Third quarter results 2022For further information  please contact:Signify Investor RelationsThelke GerdesTel: +31 6 1801 7131E-mail: thelke.gerdes@signify.comSignify Corporate CommunicationsLeanne CarmodyTel: +31 6 3928 0201E-mail: leanne.carmody@signify.comAbigail LeveneTel: +31 6 2939 3895E-mail: abiga il.levene @ s ignify. comAbout SignifySignify (Euronext: LIGHT) is the world leader in lighting for professionals and consumers and lighting for the Internet of Things. Our Philips products  Interac t connected lighting systems and data-enabled services  deliver business value and transform life in homes  buildings and public spaces. With 2021 sales of EUR 6.9 billion  we have approximately 37 000 employees and are present in over 70 countries. We unlock the extraordinary potential of light for brighter lives and a better world. We achieved carbon neutrality in 2020  have been in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index since our IPO for five consecutive years and were named Industry Leader in 2017   2018 and 2019 . News from Signify is located at the Newsroom   Twitter   LinkedIn and Instagram . Information for investors can be found on the Investor Relations page.Important InformationForward-Looking Statements and Risks & UncertaintiesThis document and the related oral presentation contain  and responses to questions following the presentation may contain  forward-looking statements that reflect the intentions  beliefs or current expectations and projections of Signify N.V. (the “Company”  and together with its subsidiaries  the “Group”)  including statements regarding strategy  estimates of sales growth and future operational results.By their nature  these statements involve risks and uncertainties facing the Company and its Group companies  and a number of important factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement as a result of risks and uncertainties. Such risks  uncertainties and other important factors include but are not limited to: adverse economic and political developments  in particular the impacts of the Russia-Ukraine conflict  the impacts of COVID-19  supply chain constraints  component shortages  rapid technological change  competition in the general lighting market  development of lighting systems and services  successful implementation of business transformation programs  impact of acquisitions and other transactions  reputational and adverse effects on business due to activities in Environment  Health & Safety  compliance risks  ability to attract and retain talented personnel  adverse currency effects  pension liabilities  and exposure to international tax laws. Please see “Risk Factors and Risk Management” in Chapter 12 of the Annual Report 2021 for discussion of material risks  uncertainties and other important factors which may have a material adverse effect on the business  results of operations  financial condition and prospects of the Group. Such risks  uncertainties and other important factors should be read in conjunction with the information included in the Company’s Annual Report 2021.Additional risks currently not known to the Group or that the Group has not considered material as of the date of this document could also prove to be important and may have a material adverse effect on the business  results of operations  financial condition and prospects of the Group or could cause the forward-looking events discussed in this document not to occur. The Group undertakes no duty to and will not necessarily update any of the forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events  except to the extent required by applicable law.Market and Industry InformationAll references to market share  market data  industry statistics and industry forecasts in this document consist of estimates compiled by industry professionals  competitors  organizations or analysts  of publicly available information or of the Group’s own assessment of its sales and markets. Rankings are based on sales unless otherwise stated.Non-IFRS Financial MeasuresCertain parts of this document contain non-IFRS financial measures and ratios  such as comparable sales growth  adjusted gross margin  EBITA  adjusted EBITA  and free cash flow  and other related ratios  which are not recognized measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. The non-IFRS financial measures presented are measures used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the Group’s business and operations and  accordingly  they have not been audited or reviewed. Not all companies calculate non-IFRS financial measures in the same manner or on a consistent basis and these measures and ratios may not be comparable to measures used by other companies under the same or similar names. A reconciliation of these non-IFRS financial measures to the most directly comparable IFRS financial measures is contained in this document. For further information on non-IFRS financial measures  see “Chapter 18 Reconciliation of non-IFRS measures” in the Annual Report 2021.PresentationAll amounts are in millions of euros unless otherwise stated. Due to rounding  amounts may not add up to totals provided. All reported data are unaudited. Unless otherwise indicated  financial information has been prepared in accordance with the accounting policies as stated in the Annual Report 2021.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.,neutral,0.09,0.83,0.08,mixed,0.38,0.23,0.39,True,English,"['first quarter sales', 'operational profitability', 'Signify', 'CSG', 'Brighter Lives, Better World 2025 sustainability program commitments', 'strong double-digit adjusted EBITA margin', 'longer supplier lead times', 'Global supply chain disruptions', 'global supply chain dynamics', 'Target Gender Equality event', 'Adj. SG&A expenses', 'Brighter lives revenues', 'global #BreakTheBias campaign', 'UN Global Compact', 'R&D expenses', 'Powering Inclusion Series', 'strong order intake', 'Net debt/EBITDA ratio', 'Cumulative carbon reduction', 'consumer well-being portfolio', 'EBITA margin improvement', 'Free cash flow', 'connected LED lighting', 'nominal sales increase', 'Comparable sales growth', 'connected light points', 'first quarter 2022 results', 'Adj. EBITA margin', 'energy efficient lighting', 'first quarter sales', 'value chain', 'world leader', 'gross margin', 'strong engagement', 'strong momentum', 'strong demand', 'sustainable, connected', 'carbon emissions', 'Circular revenues', 'serviceable portfolio', 'energy transition', 'emergency lighting', 'Press Release', 'operational profitability', 'installed base', 'Net income', 'main priority', 'Ukrainian employees', 'best extent', 'new business', 'February 25th', 'challenging conditions', 'professional channel', 'other geographies', 'higher levels', 'Eric Rondolat', 'growing need', 'strategic priorities', 'lower performance', 'consumer-focused business', 'inflationary headwinds', 'same time', 'professional business', 'Chinese market', 'positive impact', 'Paris Agreement', 'use phase', 'ongoing efforts', 'positive trend', 'recent upgrade', 'main contributions', 'UV-C disinfection', 'leadership positions', 'employee session', 'mentoring practices', 'diverse representation', 'solid performance', 'continued momentum', 'professional segment', 'Financial review', 'currency movements', 'other changes', 'indirect costs', 'LED-based sales', 'total sales', 'ongoing investments', 'outdoor luminaires', 'International Women', 'Signify Foundation', 'April', 'CSG', 'Q4', 'Q1', 'Eindhoven', 'Netherlands', 'company', 'families', 'people', 'colleagues', 'communities', 'war', 'Russia', 'return', 'lockdowns', 'China', 'inventory', 'year', 'CEO', 'remainder', 'guidance', 'reach', 'Story', 'track', 'environment', 'society', 'pace', 'accelerated', 'shift', 'family', 'expansion', 'percentage', 'progress', '5,000 participants', 'Day', 'organization', 'Outlook', 'range', '50 bps', 'excess', 'millions', 'EUR', 'Effects', 'Consolidation', 'items', 'operations']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3946,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pixium-vision-announces-availability-audited-170000266.html,Pixium Vision announces the availability of its audited financial statements for the financial year 2021,Pixium Vision announces the availability of itsaudited financial statements for the financial year 2021 Paris  29 April 2022 – 7.00 p.m. CET - Pixium Vision ...,Pixium VisionPixium Vision announces the availability of itsaudited financial statements for the financial year 2021Paris  29 April 2022 – 7.00 p.m. CET - Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independently  announces that its audited financial statements for the year 2021 have been made available on the company’s website. The 2021 financial statements were approved by Pixium Vision’s Board of Directors at its meeting on 6 April 2022  including minor audit differences to the unaudited financial results published on 22 February 2022 as specified below.2021 annual results (audited) - ExcerptsIncome statement summary In thousands of euros 2021 2020 (*) Change Revenue and other income 2 655 2 092 +26.9% Operating expenses (12 916) (10 526) +22.7% Research and Development (7 282) (6 152) +18.4% General and administrative expenses (5 633) (4 374) +28.8% Operating income (loss) (10 260) (8 435) +21.6% Net income (loss) (10 930) (9 134) +19.7% Net earnings per share (0.23) (0.27)(*) 2020 restated: impact of change in IAS19 calculation (cf. note IAS19 Retirement Benefits)Statement of cash flows summary In thousands of euros 2021 2020 (*) Opening cash and cash equivalents 10 566 6 791 (Decrease)/Increase in cash position 3 939 3 774 O/W net cash flows from operating activities (8 829) (6 906) O/W net cash flows from investment activities (52) 197 O/W net cash flows from financing activities 12 818 10 482 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 2 - Closing cash and cash equivalents 14 505 10 566(*) 2020 restated: impact of change in IAS19 calculation (cf. note IAS19 Retirement Benefits)Analysis of 2021 results (audited)In financial year 2021  the Group did not generate any sales.Revenue and other income amounted to €2.7 million  compared to €2.1 million the previous year. In 2021 revenue and other income are comprised essentially of a Research Tax Credit (CIR) in the amount of €1.6 million and €0.8 million for contractual indemnities paid by Second Sight Medical Product Inc. (SSMP). These indemnities were paid following the unilateral termination of the MOU between the two companies concluded on 5 January 2021 by SSMP.Story continuesOperating expenses amounted to €12.9 million  compared to €10.5 million in 2020. Operating expenses increased by 22.7% for €2.4 million of which €1.1 million in research and development and €1.3 million in general and administrative expenses.Research and Development expenses totalled €7.3 million  compared to €6.2 million the previous year. In 2021  Pixium Vision strengthened its clinical team and opened several clinical centers in Europe as part of its PRIMAvera pivotal study. In addition  the Group continued to develop and manufacture its Prima bionic vision system to ensure the progress of its ongoing clinical studies.General and administrative expenses totaled €5.6 million compared to €4 4 million in 2020. The increase is mainly linked to the costs incurred by the Company for legal services in preparation for its business combination with Second Sight Medical Product.Operating income (loss) for 2021 was a loss of €10.3 million  compared to a €8.4 million operating loss in 2020.Net income (loss) was a loss of €10.9 million (compared to a loss of €9.1 million in 2020). In 2021  the Group recognised interest results of €0.7 million (compared €0.7 million in 2020). The Group did not recognize corporate income tax expense for 2021. The loss per share was €0.23 and €0.27 per share in 2021 and 2020  respectively.Net cash flows from operating activities increased in 2021 to €8.8 million in outflow  compared to €6.9 million in 2020. The increase in net cash outflow reflects the initiation of the PRIMAvera study  the continuation of the US feasibility study  as well as the spending associated with the preparation of the business combination with Second Sight Medical Products  Inc.Net cash flows from investment activities amounted to €0.1 million and mainly correspond to IT equipment.Net cash flows from financing activities totalled €12.8 million in inflow in 2021. They reflect mainly a capital increase of approximately €8.0 million in gross proceeds and the drawdown of 5 ORNAN tranches for a total of €6.25 million in gross proceeds under its agreement with ESGO. Following the drawdown of the last tranche on 12 May 2021  there is no longer any outstanding warrants as the entire 10 million financing has been drawn.Pixium Vision ended 2021 with a net cash position of €14.5 million  compared to €10.5 million at the end of 2020.Audit differences have been included in the financial statements 2021. Under IAS 32 certain warrants granted to investors in July 2021 (BSA 2021 US) are to be valued at fair market value which created an interest income of €0.1 million for the financial year 2021 leading to a decrease of Net Loss compared to the unaudited report.ContactsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officer investors@pixium-vision.com Media RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsSophie Baumontsophie@lifesciadvisors.com+33 6 27 74 74 49 Investor RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van Renterghemgvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com+41 76 735 01 31ABOUT PIXIUM VISIONPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.Forward-Looking Statements. This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risques”) section of the Company’s 2021 Half-Year Financial Report and other documents the Company files with the AMF  which is available on the AMF website (www.amf- france.org) or on the Company’s website.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.09,0.27,0.65,True,English,"['Pixium Vision', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'availability', 'Second Sight Medical Product Inc.', 'Second Sight Medical Products', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'Prima bionic vision system', 'corporate income tax expense', 'Chief Financial Officer investors', 'W net cash flows', 'exchange rate changes', '8.8 million in outflow', 'fair market value', 'several clinical centers', 'ongoing clinical studies', 'IAS19 Retirement Benefits', 'entire 10 million financing', 'net cash outflow', 'PRIMAvera pivotal study', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'minor audit differences', 'Research Tax Credit', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'Pixium Vision Offer', 'net cash position', 'US feasibility study', 'Income statement summary', 'unaudited financial results', '€8.4 million operating loss', 'PRIMAvera study', 'Net income', 'Net earnings', 'clinical team', 'IAS19 calculation', 'unaudited report', 'cash equivalents', 'Operating income', 'financial statements', 'financing activities', 'other income', 'interest income', 'financial year', 'Net Loss', 'Operating expenses', 'operating activities', '2021 annual results', 'administrative expenses', 'investment activities', 'unilateral termination', 'two companies', 'legal services', 'interest results', 'IT equipment', 'gross proceeds', '5 ORNAN tranches', 'last tranche', 'previous year', 'contractual indemnities', 'outstanding warrants', 'bioelectronics company', 'Development expenses', 'The Group', 'capital increase', 'business combination', 'Change Revenue', '2021 results', '2021 revenue', 'availability', '29 April', 'CET', 'patients', 'website', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', '6 April', '22 February', 'Excerpts', 'thousands', 'euros', 'General', 'share', 'impact', 'note', 'Decrease', '774 O', 'Effect', 'Analysis', 'sales', 'CIR', 'amount', 'SSMP', '5 January', 'Story', 'Europe', 'part', 'addition', 'progress', 'costs', 'preparation', 'initiation', 'continuation', 'spending', 'inflow', 'drawdown', 'total', 'agreement', 'ESGO', '12 May', 'July', 'BSA', 'Contacts', 'Nonhoff', '7.00']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3947,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/semiconductor-industries-n-v-announces-065800524.html,BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. Announces Q1-22 Results,Q1-22 Revenue of € 202.4 Million and Net Income of € 67.5 Million Up 41.3% and 79.5%  Respectively  vs. Q1-21Orders of € 204.8 Million Include Follow-On...,"BE Semiconductor Industries N.V.Q1-22 Revenue of € 202.4 Million and Net Income of € 67.5 Million Up 41.3% and 79.5%  Respectively  vs. Q1-21Orders of € 204.8 Million Include Follow-On Hybrid Bonding OrdersQuarterly Share Repurchases Increased from € 15 to € 25 MillionDUIVEN  The Netherlands  April 29  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. (the “Company"" or ""Besi"") (Euronext Amsterdam: BESI; OTC markets: BESIY)  a leading manufacturer of assembly equipment for the semiconductor industry  today announced its results for the first quarter ended March 31  2022.Key HighlightsRevenue of € 202.4 million  up 17.9% vs. Q4-21 primarily due to increased shipments for HPC applications including datacenter  advanced logic and hybrid bonding. At high end of prior guidance. Up 41.3% vs. Q1-21 due to increased demand for HPC and automotive applicationsOrders of € 204.8 million rose 1.1% vs. Q4-21 due to increased demand for HPC applications  including follow-on hybrid bonding orders. Down 37.4% vs. Q1-21 due to reduced demand for high-end mobile applications post 2021 new product cycle and lower demand by Chinese subcontractors for mobile and mainstream electronics applicationsGross margin of 60.1% rose 3.4 points vs. Q4-21 due to absence of inventory charge recorded in Q4-21 and by 1.9 points vs. Q1-21 due to production efficiencies related to higher revenue levelsOperating income grew 21.6% and 68.8% vs. Q4-21 and Q1-21  respectively  while operating margins rose to 40.4% vs. 39.1% and 33.8% in each of Q4-21 and Q1-21  reflecting solid business executionNet income of € 67.5 million rose by 0.6% vs. Q4-21 and by 79.5% vs. Q1-21. Excluding share-based compensation  tax benefits and Q4-21 impairment charge  profit grew by 13.9% vs. Q4-21 and by 59.3% vs. Q1-21. Adjusted net margin of 37.3% in Q1-22 rose strongly vs. 33.1% realized in Q1-21.Cash and deposits of € 696.6 million and net cash of € 407.0 continued to expand  rising 15.0% and 88.3%  respectively  vs. Q1-21OutlookStory continuesQ2-22 revenue expected to rise ~10% (+/- 5%) vs. Q1-22. Gross margin to range between 59%-61%. Opex expected to decline ~0-5% vs. Q1-22(€ millions  except EPS) Q1-2022 Q4-2021 Δ Q1-2021 Δ Revenue 202.4 171.7 +17.9 % 143.2 +41.3 % Orders 204.8 202.6 +1.1 % 327.1 -37.4 % Operating Income 81.7 67.2 +21.6 % 48.4 +68.8 % EBITDA 87.2 72.0 +21.1 % 52.6 +65.8 % Net Income* 67.5 67.1 +0.6 % 37.6 +79.5 % EPS (basic) 0.87 0.86 +1.2 % 0.51 +70.6 % EPS (diluted) 0.81 0.80 +1.3 % 0.47 +72.3 % Net Cash & Deposits 407.0 370.4 +9.9 % 216.2 +88.3 %* Includes € 8.9 million deferred tax benefits in Q4-21 and share-based compensation expense of € 8.6 million  € 1.6 million and € 9.8 million in Q1-22  Q4-21 and Q1-21  respectively.Richard W. Blickman  President and Chief Executive Officer of Besi  commented:“Besi posted strong results in Q1-22 with revenue of € 202.4 million and net income of € 67.5 million at the high end of guidance despite a challenging semiconductor equipment environment. Revenue grew 17.9% versus Q4-21 and 41.3% versus Q1-21 given continued strength for high performance computing applications including data center  advanced logic and hybrid bonding and in automotive end-user markets. We exceeded anticipated quarterly shipment levels amidst supply chain disruptions through strategic inventory and production planning. Of note  shipments of hybrid bonding systems increased in the quarter as Besi overcame flood related challenges in Q4-21 and met customer qualifications necessary to further ramp production.Orders for Q1-22 were € 204.8 million  an increase of 1.1%  versus Q4-21 due to increased demand for high performance computing applications including follow-on orders from two customers for hybrid bonding systems. As compared to Q1-21  orders decreased by 37.4% primarily due to significantly lower bookings for high-end mobile applications post new model introductions launched in 2021. In addition  it reflected decreased demand from Chinese subcontractors for both smartphone and mainstream electronics applications continuing a trend which began in the second half of 2021.Besi’s adjusted net income reached € 75.5 million in Q1-22 representing increases of 13.9% and 59.3%  respectively  versus Q4-21 and Q1-21. Further  our adjusted net margin of 37.3% rose significantly versus the 33.1% achieved in the prior year period. Profit efficiency has remained at elevated levels over the past four quarters due to relatively stable gross margin and baseline opex development. This was achieved by increasing prices as necessary to offset inflationary input costs and successfully limiting overhead growth even despite significantly increased spending for wafer level assembly activities.Besi’s liquidity position continues to expand with cash and deposits of € 696.6 million at the end of Q1-22 growing 3.6% versus year end 2021 and 15.0% versus Q1-21. Similarly  net cash of € 407.0 million increased 9.9% versus Q4-21 and 88.3% versus Q1-21 due to strong cash flow generation and the conversion into equity of a portion of our 2023 and 2024 Convertible Notes. Given projected cash flow generation and current market uncertainties  we intend to accelerate share repurchases from € 15 to € 25 million per quarter under the current program. Post quarter end  we issued € 175 million of 1.875% Convertible Notes due 2029  the net proceeds from which will be used to help fund the expansion of our wafer level assembly portfolio  share buybacks and general corporate purposes  including acquisitions.At present  the assembly equipment industry is faced with many cross currents and limited visibility. We see continued strength in the first half of 2022 from advanced computing  automotive and hybrid bonding applications. In addition  industry growth is further supported by customer capex roadmaps and the anticipated construction of 47 new wafer fabs over the next three years. Many of such new fabs are for advanced packaging and wafer level assembly applications. In contrast  Besi’s order development in 2022 has been limited by a number of headwinds including lower demand for high-end smartphones following the 2021 new product cycle  weakness in Chinese markets  global GDP uncertainties  disruptions to global supply chains and geo-political conflict.Our strategic priorities for 2022 focus on satisfying customer delivery schedules  navigating global supply chain and pandemic related challenges and building out Besi’s development  support and production capabilities to scale hybrid bonding and other wafer level assembly activities. For Q2-22  we estimate that revenue will increase by 10% (+/- 5%) versus Q1-22 with gross margin levels staying in the 59-61% range. Operating expenses are anticipated to decrease by 0-5% as lower share-based compensation expense is partially offset by increased spending for development and service/support activities.Longer term  we are encouraged by the favorable drivers for Besi’s business as we advance further into the digital society including the proliferation of AI and industrial automation  cloud computing  5G network expansion  data analytics  vehicle electrification and increased enterprise demand as employees begin returning to the office.”First Quarter Results of Operations€ millions Q1-2022 Q4-2021 Δ Q1-2021 Δ Revenue 202.4 171.7 +17.9% 143.2 +41.3% Orders 204.8 202.6 +1.1% 327.1 -37.4% Book to Bill Ratio 1.0x 1.2x -0.2 2.3x -1.3Q1-22 revenue of € 202.4 million increased by 17.9% versus Q4-21 due primarily to increased shipments for high performance computing (“HPC”) end markets  particularly data center  advanced logic and hybrid bonding applications. Revenue was at the high end of prior guidance (up 15% +/-5%). Versus Q1-21  revenue increased by € 59.2 million  or 41.3%  due to increased shipments for HPC and automotive applications reflecting enhancements to Besi’s product portfolio and improved market conditions.Orders for Q1-22 were € 204.8 million  an increase of 1.1%  versus Q4-21 due to increased demand for HPC applications including follow-on orders for hybrid bonding systems. Versus Q1-21  orders decreased by 37.4%  primarily due to lower bookings for high-end mobile applications post significant new product introductions launched in 2021 and decreased demand from Chinese subcontractors. By customer type  IDM and subcontractor orders represented approximately 47% and 53% of total orders  respectively  versus 68% and 32% for Q4-21  respectively.€ millions Q1-2022 Q4-2021 Δ Q1-2021 Δ Gross Margin 60.1% 56.7%* +3.4 58.2% +1.9 Operating Expenses** 39.9 30.3 +31.7% 34.9 +14.3% Financial Expense  net 3.7 3.0 +23.3% 4.5 -17.8% EBITDA 87.2 72.0 +21.1% 52.6 +65.8%* Excluding one-time  € 7.4 million inventory impairment charge  gross margin would have been 61.0%.** Excluding share-based compensation expense  operating expenses would have been € 31.3 million  € 28.7 million and € 25.1 million in Q1-22  Q4-21 and Q1-21  respectively.Besi’s gross margin reached 60.1% in Q1-22 which was at the mid-point of prior guidance. Q1-22 gross margin increased 3.4 points versus Q4-21 due to the absence of a flood-related  inventory impairment charge in Q4-21. Versus Q1-21  Besi’s gross margin increased by 1.9 points due primarily to higher revenue levels and production overhead efficiencies related thereto.Q1-22 operating expenses increased by € 9.6 million (+31.7%) versus Q4-21 due primarily to € 7.0 million of higher share-based compensation expense and € 2.7 million of increased R&D expenses to support the development of Besi’s wafer level assembly portfolio. Operating expenses also grew by € 5.0 million  or 14.3%  versus Q1-21 primarily due to € 4.4 million of increased R&D spending associated with new product development activities.Financial expense  net  increased by € 0.7 million versus Q4-21 primarily due to increased hedging costs and adverse forex influences. Versus Q1-21  financial expense  net decreased by € 0.8 million primarily due to lower interest expense associated with the conversion during 2021 of substantially all of the 2023 Convertible Notes.€ millions Q1-2022 Q4-2021 Δ Q1-2021 Δ Net Income 67.5 67.1 +0.6% 37.6 +79.5% Net Margin 33.4% 39.1% -5.7 26.3% +7.1 Tax Rate 13.4% -4.6% +18.0 14.3% -0.9 Net Income – adjusted* 75.5 66.3 +13.9% 47.4 +59.3% Net Margin – adjusted* 37.3% 38.6% -1.3 33.1% +4.2 Tax Rate – adjusted* 12.9% 9.3% +3.6 11.7% +1.2* Adjusted to exclude € 7.4 million inventory impairment charge in Q4-21  € 8.9 million tax benefits realized in Q4-21 and share-based compensation expense of € 8.6 million  € 1.6 million and € 9.8 million in Q1-22  Q4-21 and Q1-21  respectively.Besi’s Q1-22 net income increased by € 0.4 million versus Q4-21. Versus Q1-21  Besi’s net income rose € 29.9 million  or 79.5%  primarily due to revenue growth of 41.3%  improved gross margins and a reduction of operating expense margins from 24.4% to 19.7% due to overhead cost controls. Excluding tax benefits  share-based compensation expense and one-time charges  Besi’s adjusted Q1-22 net income reached € 75.5 million  an increase of 13.9% versus Q4-21 and 59.3% versus Q1-21.Financial Condition€ millions Q1-2022 Q4-2021 Δ Q1-2021 Δ Total Cash and Deposits 696.6 672.2 +3.6 % 605.8 +15.0 % Net Cash and Deposits 407.0 370.4 +9.9 % 216.2 +88.3 % Cash flow from Operations 45.0 101.8 -55.8 % 26.2 +71.8 %Total cash and deposits of € 696.6 million at the end of Q1-22 grew by 3.6% versus Q4-21 and by 15.0% versus Q1-21. During the quarter  Besi generated cash flow from operations of € 45.0 million which was used to fund (i) € 14.1 million of share repurchases  € 5.7 million of capitalized development spending and (iii) € 1.2 million of capital expenditures.Besi’s net cash of € 407.0 million at the end of Q1-22 increased by € 36.6 million (+9.9%) versus year end and by € 190.8 million (+88.3%) versus Q1-21. Favourable net cash development was positively influenced by the conversion of € 14.3 million of Besi’s 2024 Convertible Notes during the quarter. An additional € 121.8 million of the Convertible Notes due 2024 were converted in April 2022  resulting in a reduction of its principal balance to € 36.3 million from an original € 175 million. As a result  Besi’s shares outstanding increased from 77.9 million at March 31  2022 to 80.9 million at April 29  2022.Share Repurchase ActivityBesi repurchased 189 270 of its ordinary shares during Q1-22 at an average price of € 74.43 per share for a total of € 14.1 million. Cumulatively  as of March 31  2022  a total of 4.4 million shares have been purchased under the current € 185 million share repurchase plan at an average price of € 33.60 per share for a total of € 148.9 million. As of March 31  2022  Besi held approximately 650 000 shares in treasury  equal to 0.8% of its shares outstanding.Convertible Placement April 2022On April 6  2022  Besi issued € 175 million principal amount of 1.875% Senior Unsecured Convertible Notes due April 2029 (the “2029 Convertible Notes”). The 2029 Convertible Notes convert into approximately 1.5 million Besi ordinary shares at a conversion price of € 115.50 (subject to adjustment). Besi may redeem the 2029 Convertible Notes at any time from April 27  2026 provided that the price of its ordinary shares exceeds 130% of the then effective conversion price for a specified period of time.The 2029 Convertible Notes may be redeemed at the option of the holder (i) on April 6  2027 at their principal amount plus accrued interest and (ii) in the event of a change of control  at the principal amount plus accrued interest. The net proceeds from the offering will be used to help fund long term strategic investments  including the development of the Company’s hybrid bonding and wafer level assembly portfolio. In addition  the balance of the net proceeds may be used by the Company for share buybacks and general corporate purposes  including acquisitions.OutlookBased on its current outlook and feedback from customers and suppliers  Besi estimates for Q2-22 that:Revenue will increase by approximately 10% (+/-5%) versus the € 202.4 million reported in Q1-22Gross margin will range between 59%-61%% versus the 60.1% realized in Q1-22Operating expenses will decrease by approximately 0-5% versus the € 39.9 million reported in Q1-22  as lower share-based compensation expense will be partially offset by increased spending for development and sales/support activities in connection with Besi’s wafer level assembly portfolio.Investor and Media conference callA conference call and webcast for investors and media will be held today at 4:00 pm CET (10:00 am EDT). The dial-in for the conference call is (31) 20 531 5851. To access the audio webcast and webinar slides  please visit www.besi.com.Important Dates 2022 Besi AGMAnalyst MeetingPublication Q2/semi-annual resultsPublication Q3/nine-month resultsPublication Q4/full year results April 29  2022June 16  2022July 21  2022October 20  2022February 2023 Dividend Information* Proposed ex-dividend dateProposed record dateProposed payment of 2021 dividend* Subject to approval at Besi’s AGM May 3  2022May 4  2022Starting May 6  2022Basis of presentationThe condensed financial statements included in this press release have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)  as adopted by the European Union. Reference is made to the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements as included in our 2021 Annual Report which is available on www.besi.com.About BesiBesi is a leading supplier of semiconductor assembly equipment for the global semiconductor and electronics industries offering high levels of accuracy  productivity and reliability at a low cost of ownership. The Company develops leading edge assembly processes and equipment for leadframe  substrate and wafer level packaging applications in a wide range of end-user markets including electronics  mobile internet  cloud server  computing  automotive  industrial  LED and solar energy. Customers are primarily leading semiconductor manufacturers  assembly subcontractors and electronics and industrial companies. Besi’s ordinary shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (symbol: BESI). Its Level 1 ADRs are listed on the OTC markets (symbol: BESIY) and its headquarters are located in Duiven  the Netherlands. For more information  please visit our website at www.besi.com.Contacts:Richard W. Blickman  President & CEOHetwig van Kerkhof  SVP FinanceLeon Verweijen  VP FinanceClaudia Vissers  Executive Secretary/IR coordinatorEdmond Franco  VP Corporate Development/US IR coordinatorTel. (31) 26 319 4500investor.relations@besi.comCaution Concerning Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains statements about management's future expectations  plans and prospects of our business that constitute forward-looking statements  which are found in various places throughout the press release  including  but not limited to  statements relating to expectations of orders  net sales  product shipments  expenses  timing of purchases of assembly equipment by customers  gross margins  operating results and capital expenditures. The use of words such as “anticipate”  “estimate”  “expect”  “can”  “intend”  “believes”  “may”  “plan”  “predict”  “project”  “forecast”  “will”  “would”  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking statements  although not all forward looking statements contain these identifying words. The financial guidance set forth under the heading “Outlook” contains such forward looking statements. While these forward looking statements represent our judgments and expectations concerning the development of our business  a number of risks  uncertainties and other important factors could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from those contained in forward looking statements  including any inability to maintain continued demand for our products; failure of anticipated orders to materialize or postponement or cancellation of orders  generally without charges; the volatility in the demand for semiconductors and our products and services; the extent and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and measures taken to contain the outbreak  and the associated adverse impacts on the global economy  financial markets  global supply chains and our operations as well as those of our customers and suppliers; failure to develop new and enhanced products and introduce them at competitive price levels; failure to adequately decrease costs and expenses as revenues decline; loss of significant customers  including through industry consolidation or the emergence of industry alliances; lengthening of the sales cycle; acts of terrorism and violence; disruption or failure of our information technology systems; consolidation activity and industry alliances in the semiconductor industry that may result in further increased customer concentration  inability to forecast demand and inventory levels for our products; the integrity of product pricing and protection of our intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions; risks  such as changes in trade regulations  conflict minerals regulations  currency fluctuations  political instability and war  associated with substantial foreign customers  suppliers and foreign manufacturing operations  particularly to the extent occurring in the Asia Pacific region where we have a substantial portion of our production facilities; our ability to mitigate the dislocations caused by the flood at one of our Malaysian production facilities  potential instability in foreign capital markets; the risk of failure to successfully manage our diverse operations; any inability to attract and retain skilled personnel  including as a result of restrictions on immigration  travel or the availability of visas for skilled technology workers as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; those additional risk factors set forth in Besi's annual report for the year ended December 31  2021 and other key factors that could adversely affect our businesses and financial performance contained in our filings and reports  including our statutory consolidated statements. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Consolidated Statements of Operations(€ thousands  except share and per share data)Three Months EndedMarch 31 (unaudited) 2022 2021 Revenue 202 407 143 203 Cost of sales 80 758 59 924 Gross profit 121 649 83 279 Selling  general and administrative expenses 27 313 26 666 Research and development expenses 12 622 8 258 Total operating expenses 39 935 34 924 Operating income 81 714 48 355 Financial expense  net 3 716 4 477 Income before income tax 77 998 43 878 Income tax expense 10 460 6 271 Net income 67 538 37 607 Net income per share – basic 0.87 0.51 Net income per share – diluted 0.81 0.47 Number of shares used in computing per share amounts: - basic 77 879 169 73 264 733 - diluted1 85 084 945 85 435 033Consolidated Balance Sheets(€ thousands)March 31 2022(unaudited) December 31 2021(audited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents 489 700 451 395 Deposits 181 920 195 789 Trade receivables 215 693 174 942 Inventories 103 738 94 399 Other current assets 18 390 19 623 Total current assets 1 009 441 936 148 Property  plant and equipment 29 573 29 884 Right of use assets 9 872 10 606 Goodwill 45 358 45 170 Other intangible assets 71 963 68 746 Deferred tax assets 25 475 27 436 Deposits 25 000 25 000 Other non-current assets 1 023 1 051 Total non-current assets 208 264 207 893 Total assets 1 217 705 1 144 041 Trade payables 79 398 74 711 Other current liabilities 119 341 112 867 Total current liabilities 198 739 187 578 Long-term debt 289 614 301 802 Lease liabilities 6 464 7 198 Deferred tax liabilities 10 154 10 970 Other non-current liabilities 17 839 17 219 Total non-current liabilities 324 071 337 189 Total equity 694 895 619 274 Total liabilities and equity 1 217 705 1 144 041Consolidated Cash Flow Statements(€ thousands)Three Months Ended March 31 (unaudited)20222021 Cash flows from operating activities: Income before income tax 77 998 43 878 Depreciation and amortization 5 465 4 209 Share-based payment expense 8 617 9 794 Financial expense  net 3 716 4 477 Changes in working capital (42 501 ) (35 567 ) Income tax paid (7 272 ) (301 ) Interest paid (1 057 ) (262 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 44 966 26 228 Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures (1 223 ) (1 388 ) Proceeds from sale of property - 54 Capitalized development expenditures (5 654 ) (5 905 ) Repayments of (investments in) deposits 14 286 (35 770 ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 7 409 (43 009 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from debts - 527 Payments of lease liabilities (908 ) (890 ) Purchase of treasury shares (14 115 ) (10 097 ) Net cash used in financing activities (15 023 ) (10 460 ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents 37 352 (27 241 ) Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 953 (186 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 451 395 375 406 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 489 700 347 979Supplemental Information (unaudited)(€ millions  unless stated otherwise)REVENUE Q1-2021 Q2-2021 Q3-2021 Q4-2021 Q1-2022 Per geography: Asia Pacific 113.4 79 % 175.7 78 % 164.3 79 % 129.1 75 % 159.3 79 % EU / USA 29.8 21 % 50.4 22 % 44.0 21 % 42.6 25 % 43.1 21 % Total 143.2 100 % 226.1 100 % 208.3 100 % 171.7 100 % 202.4 100 % ORDERS Q1-2021 Q2-2021 Q3-2021 Q4-2021 Q1-2022 Per geography: Asia Pacific 253.2 77 % 155.0 77 % 170.5 82 % 147.3 73 % 161.8 79 % EU / USA 73.9 23 % 45.2 23 % 38.7 18 % 55.3 27 % 43.0 21 % Total 327.1 100 % 200.2 100 % 209.2 100 % 202.6 100 % 204.8 100 % Per customer type: IDM 130.8 40 % 111.3 56 % 133.7 64 % 138.4 68 % 97.1 47 % Subcontractors 196.3 60 % 88.9 44 % 75.5 36 % 64.2 32 % 107.7 53 % Total 327.1 100 % 200.2 100 % 209.2 100 % 202.6 100 % 204.8 100 % HEADCOUNT Mar 31  2021 Jun 30  2021 Sep 30  2021 Dec 31  2021 March 31  2022 Fixed staff (FTE) Asia Pacific 1 070 70 % 1 096 70 % 1 132 70 % 1 154 70 % 1 186 70 % EU / USA 468 30 % 473 30 % 483 30 % 491 30 % 500 30 % Total 1 538 100 % 1 569 100 % 1 615 100 % 1 645 100 % 1 686 100 % Temporary staff (FTE) Asia Pacific 299 82 % 581 90 % 559 87 % 412 83 % 536 86 % EU / USA 64 18 % 68 10 % 80 13 % 84 17 % 86 14 % Total 363 100 % 649 100 % 639 100 % 496 100 % 622 100 % Total fixed and temporary staff (FTE) 1 901 2 218 2 254 2 141 2 308 OTHER FINANCIAL DATA Q1-2021 Q2-2021 Q3-2021 Q4-2021 Q1-2022 Gross profit 83.3 58.2 % 140.3 62.1 % 125.8 60.4 % 97.4 56.7 % 121.6 60.1 % Inventory impairment - 0.0 % - 0.0 % - 0.0 % 7.4 4.3 % - 0.0 % Gross profit as adjusted 83.3 58.2 % 140.3 62.1 % 125.8 60.4 % 104.8 61.0 % 121.6 60.1 % Selling  general and admin expenses: As reported 26.7 18.6 % 24.2 10.7 % 21.6 10.4 % 20.4 11.9 % 27.3 13.5 % Share-based compensation expense (9.8 ) -6.8 % (3.6 ) -1.6 % (1.4 ) -0.7 % (1.6 ) -1.0 % (8.6 ) -4.3 % SG&A expenses as adjusted 16.9 11.8 % 20.6 9.1 % 20.2 9.7 % 18.8 10.9 % 18.7 9.2 % Research and development expenses:: As reported 8.3 5.8 % 9.4 4.2 % 8.8 4.2 % 9.9 5.8 % 12.6 6.2 % Capitalization of R&D charges 5.9 4.1 % 4.9 2.2 % 5.5 2.6 % 6.7 3.9 % 5.7 2.8 % Amortization of intangibles (1.7 ) -1.2 % (1.7 ) -0.8 % (1.8 ) -0.8 % (2.1 ) -1.2 % (2.9 ) -1.4 % - - R&D expenses as adjusted 12.5 8.7 % 12.6 5.6 % 12.5 6.0 % 14.5 8.5 % 15.4 7.6 % Financial expense (income)  net: Interest expense (income)  net 3.4 2.3 2.4 2.4 2.4 Hedging results 0.7 0.7 0.7 0.8 1.1 Foreign exchange effects  net 0.4 (0.2 ) 0.3 (0.2 ) 0.2 Total 4.5 2.8 3.4 3.0 3.7 Operating income as % of net sales 48.4 33.8 % 106.7 47.2 % 95.4 45.8 % 67.2 39.1 % 81.7 40.4 % EBITDA as % of net sales 52.6 36.7 % 110.9 49.0 % 99.7 47.9 % 72.0 41.9 % 87.2 43.1 % Net income as % of net sales 37.6 26.3 % 93.5 41.3 % 84.2 40.4 % 67.1 39.1 % 67.5 33.4 % Income per share Basic 0.51 1.23 1.08 0.86 0.87 Diluted 0.47 1.12 1.00 0.80 0.81_________________________(1) The calculation of diluted income per share assumes the exercise of equity-settled share-based payments and the conversion of all Convertible Notes",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.27,0.29,0.43,True,English,"['BE Semiconductor Industries N.V.', 'Q1-22 Results', 'Hybrid Bonding Orders Quarterly Share Repurchases', 'BE Semiconductor Industries N.V.', 'challenging semiconductor equipment environment', 'wafer level assembly activities', '€ 8.9 million deferred tax benefits', 'high performance computing applications', 'strong cash flow generation', 'quarterly shipment levels', 'hybrid bonding systems', '2021 new product cycle', 'solid business execution', 'Richard W. Blickman', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'supply chain disruptions', 'new model introductions', 'past four quarters', 'inflationary input costs', 'mainstream electronics applications', 'high-end mobile applications', 'share-based compensation expense', 'automotive end-user markets', 'baseline opex development', 'stable gross margin', 'Q4-21 impairment charge', 'prior year period', 'higher revenue levels', 'assembly equipment', 'semiconductor industry', 'automotive applications', 'elevated levels', 'HPC applications', 'OTC markets', 'high end', 'inventory charge', 'strong results', 'net margin', 'Net Income', 'The Netherlands', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'leading manufacturer', 'Key Highlights', 'advanced logic', 'prior guidance', 'Chinese subcontractors', 'Operating income', 'operating margins', 'net cash', 'continued strength', 'data center', 'strategic inventory', 'related challenges', 'customer qualifications', 'two customers', 'lower bookings', 'second half', 'overhead growth', 'liquidity position', 'production efficiencies', 'production planning', 'Q2-22 revenue', 'first quarter', 'Profit efficiency', 'reduced demand', 'lower demand', 'Besi overcame', 'Q1-22 Revenue', 'Δ Revenue', 'DUIVEN', 'April', 'Company', 'BESIY', 'shipments', 'datacenter', 'absence', '1.9 points', 'Adjusted', 'Q1-21', 'deposits', 'Outlook', 'Story', 'EPS', 'EBITDA', 'President', 'note', 'increase', 'addition', 'smartphone', 'trend', 'prices', 'spending', 'conversion', 'equity', 'porti', '39', '5', '6']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3948,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4110229.html,First-quarter 2022 revenue of €701 million up 85% like-for-like,Sébastien Bazin  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Accor  said: “Accor's performance in the first quarter of 2022 confirms the clear upturn in business across all regions and the renewed momentum in tourism  food services and entertainment. These result…,"Sébastien Bazin  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Accor  said: ""Accor's performance in the first quarter of 2022 confirms the clear upturn in business across all regions and the renewed momentum in tourism  food services and entertainment. These results are notably driven by our market dynamics in Europe  the Middle East and the Americas as well as the strong demand for our Luxury and Lifestyle hotels  and domestic travel. Such underlying trends  combined with borders reopening give us confidence that our performance will continue to improve month after month  with prices already above 2019 level. Our brands are attractive  ideally positioned  and the augmented hospitality ecosystem we have built over the past years is attracting an increasing number of guests and owners. In the coming months  we will continue to focus our efforts on accelerating the development of our network  promoting our brands as well as attracting and retaining more and more customers.""Accor’s business has rebounded sequentially every quarter since Q2 2021. The outbreak of the Omicron variant caused only a brief hiccup in January  and the recovery seen in February gained further momentum in March. This rebound reflects both the sustained increase in the number of business and leisure domestic guests  and border reopenings which accelerated the return of international travelers. It was accompanied by a sharp increase in prices  which are now above 2019 levels for the last 4 months in a row across the Group  driven by demand and exacerbated by inflation.During the first quarter of 2022  Accor opened 26 hotels  representing about 3 700 rooms  for net growth in the network of 2.5% over the twelve-month period. At end-March 2022  the Group had a portfolio of 777 849 rooms (5 304 hotels) and a pipeline of about 212 000 rooms (1 212 hotels).For 2022  the Group is confirming its forecast of net growth in the network of 3.5%.Consolidated revenueThe Group reported first-quarter 2022 revenue of €701 million  up 85% like-for-like (LFL) versus Q1 2021. By activity  this growth breaks down into a 105% increase for HotelServices and 52% for Hotel Assets & Other. To provide a comparison with the 25% decline in RevPAR (presented as the change versus FY 2019 throughout this release)  the like-for-like decline in revenue versus Q1 2019 is 23%.Changes in the scope of consolidation (acquisitions and disposals) contributed a positive€13 million  largely due to the integration of the companies which are now part of Ennismore over 2021.Currency effects had a positive impact of €18 million  mainly due to the US dollar (+7%).Source: AccorHotelServices revenueHotelServices  which includes fees from Management & Franchise (M&F) and Services to Owners  reported €507 million in revenue  up 105% like-for-like versus Q1 2021 (down 25% like-for-like versus Q1 2019).Revenue in Management & Franchise (M&F) stood at €158 million  up 106% like-for-like versus Q1 2021 (down 33% like-for-like versus Q1 2019)  with regional performances correlated to the business recovery in the countries considered. In general  the sharper decline in M&F revenue compared with RevPAR (down 25% versus Q1 2019) can be attributed to the larger decrease in incentive fees based on the hotel operating margin generated from management contracts.Source: AccorConsolidated RevPAR more than doubled in Q1 2022 (up 108% as reported) compared with Q1 2021 but was still down 25% versus Q1 2019. Compared with the same period last year  the Group was better able to optimize its pricing policy thanks to the increased visibility provided by earlier bookings.Overall  Europe was the region the most impacted by the Omicron variant. But this impact was short-lived and remained limited to January: in March 2022  occupancy rates already exceeded their Q4 2021 levels.South Europe reported a 21% decline in RevPAR in Q1 2022 compared with Q1 2019 i.e. a 4-percentage-point sequential decline compared with Q4.In France   RevPAR was down 20% from Q1 2019. As was the case in 2021  regional cities remained the most dynamic markets while the Paris region lagged. However  the performance gap between regional cities and the Paris region began to narrow due to the return of international business travelers.  RevPAR was down 20% from Q1 2019. As was the case in 2021  regional cities remained the most dynamic markets while the Paris region lagged. However  the performance gap between regional cities and the Paris region began to narrow due to the return of international business travelers. In Spain  RevPAR was down 26% compared with Q1 2019.North Europe showed RevPAR down 38% versus Q1 2019  or a sequential decline of -1 percentage point vs. Q4 2021.In the United Kingdom   RevPAR was down 15% compared with Q1 2019. Similar to France  the recovery was driven by regional cities  which were almost back to their 2019 activity levels. The performance gap with London also started to close due to the pick-up in international visitors.  RevPAR was down 15% compared with Q1 2019. Similar to France  the recovery was driven by regional cities  which were almost back to their 2019 activity levels. The performance gap with London also started to close due to the pick-up in international visitors. In Germany  where health restrictions were tougher and longer than in neighboring countries  RevPAR was down 62% compared with Q1 2019. Nevertheless  these restrictions are now lifted since early April and an improvement is now visible.RevPAR improved sequentially in Asia-Pacific (+5 percentage points between Q4 2021 and Q1 2022)  driven by the Pacific region. RevPAR fell by 43% versus Q1 2019.The Pacific region benefited from the reopening of internal borders during the full quarter. Leisure destinations  including the country’s northeastern coast  benefited from domestic demand. RevPAR fell by 31% versus Q1 2019. The reopening of external borders in February 2022 paved the way for a pick-up in business demand.region benefited from the reopening of internal borders during the full quarter. Leisure destinations  including the country’s northeastern coast  benefited from domestic demand. RevPAR fell by 31% versus Q1 2019. The reopening of external borders in February 2022 paved the way for a pick-up in business demand. In China   the performance was bleak due to the emergence of the Omicron variant and the “zero-Covid” strategy. RevPAR fell by 42% versus Q1 2019.  the performance was bleak due to the emergence of the Omicron variant and the “zero-Covid” strategy. RevPAR fell by 42% versus Q1 2019. Southeast Asia’s RevPAR was stable at -55% but the situation is improving. Destinations such as Singapore  Bali  Vietnam and Thailand have reopened their borders with limited restrictions. The region nevertheless continues to rely heavily on international visitors (thus depending on air flight traffic capacity recovery) and some Asian countries are not yet permitted to travel to these destinations.In the India  Africa  Middle East & Turkey region  activity continued to improve with RevPAR now above the Q1 2019 level (+8%). The United Arab Emirates benefited from demand related to the World Expo in Dubai  which has been open since October 1  2021. The World Cup of Soccer in Qatar in Q4 2022 will help drive this recovery. In Saudi Arabia  the broader reopening of the holy cities for pilgrimages has led to a sharp rebound in activity. The Ramadan period in April and the pilgrims authorized to join the Hajj in July should confirm this rebound in the coming quarters.In the Americas  RevPAR was down 14% compared with Q1 2019 with average prices now above their 2019 levels.North/Central America and the Caribbean reported a 22% decline in RevPARcompared with Q1 2019. The return of business travelers during the quarter  combined with strong demand from leisure travelers  allowed a strong rebound of the activity after the month of January which was impacted by Omicron.and the reported a 22% decline in RevPAR compared with Q1 2019. The return of business travelers during the quarter  combined with strong demand from leisure travelers  allowed a strong rebound of the activity after the month of January which was impacted by Omicron. In South America  RevPAR was up 5% versus Q1 2019. This strong performance can be attributed to renewed demand from business travelers.Services to Owners revenue  which includes the Sales  Marketing  Distribution and Loyalty division  as well as shared services and the reimbursement of hotel staff costs  came to €349 million in the first quarter of 2022  up 104% compared with 2021. This increase reflects the pick-up in activity compared with last year.Hotel Assets & Other revenueRevenue in the “Hotel Assets & Other” segment was up 52% like-for-like versus Q1 2021 and down 19% like-for-like versus Q1 2019. This segment  which is closely linked to business in Australia  notably benefited from a pick-up in leisure tourism demand on the northeastern coast of the country where most of the Group’s Strata activities are located (i.e. room and apartment distribution activities and managed properties).Since early 2021  this segment has included concierge services  luxury home rentals  private sales of hotel stays and digital services for hotel owners. These activities continue to be affected in different ways  ranging from businesses directly related to the Travel segment  such as onefinestay’s private home rentals  to the digital businesses  such as D-EDGE.At end-March 2022  this segment  which includes owned and leased hotels  represented 116 hotels and 23 166 rooms.OutlookBased on current reservation and price increase trends  RevPAR will continue to improve in the coming quarters.Domestic demand is expected to return to levels comparable to 2019 by the end of the year. Recovery in international demand is catching up even if Asia lags.Net growth in the network is forecast at 3.5% for 2022  as announced with the release of the 2021 annual results  with openings expected to accelerate as of the second quarter.Events since January 1st  2022Decision made by the Board of DirectorsAt its meeting on February 23  2022  and based on the recommendations of the Appointments  Compensation and CSR Committee  the Board of Directors resolved to propose the renewal of Mrs. Qionger Jiang  Mrs. Isabelle Simon  Mr. Nicolas Sarkozy and Mr. Sarmad Zok as Directors of the Company for a three-year duration.The Board also decided to propose  in addition to the appointment of Mrs. Hélène Auriol Potier  which was already announced  the appointments of Mrs. Asma Abdulrahman Al-Khulaifi and Mr. Ugo Arzani as Directors  for the same period of three years.Upcoming events in 2022May 20th: Annual General AssemblySource: AccorSource: AccorAbout AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of more than 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry""s most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor""s unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and approximately 260 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company""s comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.Charlotte ThouvardSenior Vice President Group External CommunicationsAccor",neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,mixed,0.18,0.29,0.53,True,English,"['First-quarter 2022 revenue', 'Sébastien Bazin', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Such underlying trends', 'hotel operating margin', 'leisure domestic guests', '4-percentage-point sequential decline', 'international business travelers', 'M&F revenue', 'international travelers', 'domestic travel', 'Hotel Assets', 'international visitors', 'first quarter', 'clear upturn', 'market dynamics', 'Middle East', 'hospitality ecosystem', 'past years', 'coming months', 'Omicron variant', 'brief hiccup', 'border reopenings', 'last 4 months', 'twelve-month period', 'Currency effects', 'US dollar', 'regional performances', 'larger decrease', 'same period', 'earlier bookings', 'occupancy rates', 'regional cities', 'dynamic markets', 'United Kingdom', 'Paris region', 'Consolidated revenue', 'first-quarter 2022 revenue', 'sustained increase', 'sharp increase', 'net growth', 'sharper decline', 'performance gap', 'food services', 'strong demand', 'increasing number', 'incentive fees', 'South Europe', 'North Europe', 'Lifestyle hotels', 'management contracts', 'The Group', '2019 activity levels', 'business recovery', 'Consolidated RevPAR', 'HotelServices revenue', 'positive impact', 'Q4 2021 levels', '2019 levels', '105% increase', '25% decline', '21% decline', '26 hotels', '212 hotels', 'Q4.', 'Chairman', 'Accor', 'regions', 'momentum', 'tourism', 'entertainment', 'results', 'Americas', 'Luxury', 'borders', 'confidence', 'prices', 'brands', 'owners', 'efforts', 'development', 'network', 'customers', 'Q2', 'outbreak', 'January', 'February', 'March', 'rebound', 'return', 'inflation', '3,700 rooms', 'portfolio', '777,849 rooms', 'pipeline', '212,000 rooms', 'forecast', 'LFL', 'Q1', 'Other', 'comparison', 'change', 'FY', 'release', 'scope', 'consolidation', 'acquisitions', 'disposals', 'integration', 'companies', 'part', 'Ennismore', 'Source', 'Franchise', 'countries', 'pricing', 'policy', 'visibility', 'France', 'case', 'Spain', 'London', 'pick-up']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,hospitalitynet.org
3949,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chart-industries-reports-2022-first-100000008.html,Chart Industries Reports 2022 First Quarter Results,ATLANTA  April 29  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Chart Industries  Inc. (NYSE: GTLS) today reported results for the first quarter ended March 31  2022. Further...,"Chart Industries  Inc.ATLANTA  April 29  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Chart Industries  Inc. (NYSE: GTLS) today reported results for the first quarter ended March 31  2022. Further details can be found in the supplemental presentation accompanying this release and published in the investor relations section of our website.First quarter 2022 all-time record orders of $636.8 million  our fourth record order quarter out of the past five quarters  contributed to our sixth consecutive record backlog quarter ($1 477.0 million); First quarter 2022 orders included $228.4 million of Big LNG export terminal releasesFirst quarter 2022 sales of $354.1 million were our highest first quarter sales in our history and increased 22.7% when compared to the first quarter of 2021 (an increase of 27.0% excluding Big LNG in both periods)First quarter reported gross margin as a percent of sales of 23.6% (adjusted 26.1%) was the highest in a year and in-line with the expected trend of increasing sequential gross margin and operating income as a percent of sales improvement for the remainder of 2022Executed a Letter of Intent (“LOI”) with Greenstone Renewables for Chart to be their exclusive technology and equipment supplier for their 100% renewable solar hydrogen liquefaction project expected to proceed to Final Investment Decision (“FID”) in 2022First quarter reported non-diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) of $0.28; adjusted non-diluted EPS of $0.65 excluding Mark-to-Market (“MTM”) from investment activity and other one-time costsUpdated 2022 full-year revenue outlook of $1.725 billion to $1.85 billion and associated full-year adjusted non-diluted EPS guidance of $5.35 to $6.50Energy independence  resiliency  security and sustainability are key drivers of record orders ($636.8 million) and backlog ($1 477.0 million); accelerating activity in both Liquefied Natural Gas (“LNG”) and Specialty Products.The first quarter 2022 was our highest order quarter in our history  with $636.8 million of new orders booked  including $228.4 million related to Big LNG export terminals. This is our second consecutive record order quarter and four out of our last five quarters set new order quarter records. This resulted in our sixth consecutive quarter of record backlog ($1 477.0 million); backlog is 58.1% higher than one year ago. Also in the first quarter 2022  we booked 65 orders that each were over $1 million (more than twice as many as the first quarter 2021) along with 84 new customers and 28 first-of-a-kind (“FOAK”) orders including a first Earthly Lab’s CiCi Elm unit sale to new customer Troeg’s Brewery  with continued broad-based demand in Specialty Products across a variety of applications.In addition to the broad-based demand we experienced exiting 2021 and to start 2022  demand for our products  in particular LNG and other energy alternative solutions and equipment  accelerated as the result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict that began February 24  2022. We have seen an increase in actual orders as well as inquiries from both public and private sector entities surrounding the need for infrastructure to access molecules to support energy security  access  independence and resiliency  all with the backdrop of the requirement for alternative sources of supply and continued focus on sustainability. For example  the United Kingdom as part of their revised energy strategy  has doubled its 2030 hydrogen target. What is critical to note is that this recent activity has spotlighted the need for construction and action now to address these topics.Story continuesSpecific examples of new orders received reflecting the acceleration of energy activity following the initiation of the Ukraine-Russia conflict include:Combined  the three pillars of our LNG business are the most active in our history; (1) Big LNG export terminals  (2) small-scale LNG (“ssLNG”) globally and (3) LNG infrastructure. We booked three Big LNG project orders in the first quarter 2022:$135.5 million order with Full Notice to Proceed (“FNTP”) brazed aluminum heat exchanger assemblies and corresponding cold boxes for Venture Global Plaquemines Phase 1 (10 MTPA).$47.5 million order for Limited Notice to Proceed (“LNTP”) for Cheniere’s Corpus Christi Stage Three terminal. We anticipate this project moves to FNTP in 2022.$45.4 million order for six of the eighteen BAHX assemblies and cold boxes for Venture Global’s Plaquemines Phase 2 export terminal project.We closed 2021 with four small-scale liquefaction projects booked the last week of the year. In the first quarter of 2022  the trend of ssLNG projects continued  with our order from New Fortress Energy (“NFE”) for their FastLNG2 project. Continuing this trend into the second quarter 2022 was our receipt of a Letter of Intent (“LOI”) from NFE for FastLNG3.Shell publicly announced its intent to build LNG fueling stations for long-haul transportation in India. We have continued to see global LNG station demand including 14 stations booked in the first quarter 2022  three of which were with an international oil company.And while not in our guidance  we continue to expect additional progress from other LNG export terminal operators to FID with the potential for additional Big LNG as well as ssLNG orders with Chart releases in 2022.Specialty Products orders continued to demonstrate consistency and strength  with the first quarter 2022 being our fifth consecutive quarter of Specialty Products orders above $100 million. We are also seeing numerous synergy sales opportunities across our Nexus of Clean™ newly acquired companies – ranging from cross-selling water treatment solutions to food and beverage customers to cross selling carbon capture processes to water customers. Two examples from the first quarter 2022:We are partnering with Simmons Foods for our third installation at the state-of-the-art industrial wastewater treatment site and processing facility in Southwest City  MO by providing super-oxygenation technology for their efficient wastewater treatment.We are working with International Flavors & Fragrances (“IFF”) in a unique application for odor reduction and efficient wastewater treatment at the Jacksonville  FL flavor and fragrances site. Removal of all surface aerators was made possible by providing super-oxygenation technology for their efficient wastewater treatment. This same customer is doing an engineering study with our Sustainable Energy Solutions’ (“SES”) cryogenic carbon capture technology.Gas By Rail™  carbon capture and space exploration orders each grew over 20% when compared to the first quarter of 2021  while water treatment grew over 500%. Food & beverage orders grew 14% for that same period  driven by first quarter 2022 new restaurant starts and distributor activity significantly (20%) over plan. While the first quarter of any given year in food and beverage orders typically can be slow due to weather  this year we did not see slowdown. Additionally  Chick-Fil-A started an upgrade program with our tanks  and we are proud to provide our nitrogen dosers to a major beverage company for their newly released  first of a kind  nitrogen-infused cola. Our expectation is that demand for our food & beverage products will continue to increase throughout 2022. As we expected  we did not book any hydrogen or helium liquefier orders in the first quarter  yet demand for our hydrogen equipment continued  with $30 million of hydrogen-related equipment orders. What is also noteworthy in hydrogen is the increase in the variety of customers as well as the broader geographic locations of these orders; for example  in the past six months  we have increased the number of individual hydrogen customers that have placed orders with us by 70% and we received our first orders from Nikola and expanded our customer set to South Korea  including SK Korea.Delivering on our record backlog is supported by our organic investment in capacity and automation as well as strategic sourcing actions. We recognized our highest first quarter sales in our history in the first quarter of 2022 ($354.1 million).To open the second quarter 2022  we received a tens of millions order from a European government organization for mobile equipment. This order is one of many that supports increasing and strong volume for our in-flight capital project of capacity expansion in our Goch  Germany trailer manufacturing facility. This order builds upon our record trailer order year in 2021 and a very strong first quarter of 2022  with 140 trailers ordered globally.As we continue to anticipate growing sales across our solutions offerings  our capacity expansion capital plan combined with our automation activities remains on schedule. In the first quarter 2022 we completed the implementation of our vacuum insulated pipe (“VIP”) line in Lery  France  and we expect our additional brazed aluminum heat exchanger (“BAHX”) line to be operating in Tulsa  Oklahoma by the first quarter of 2023. Our SriCity  India tank capacity expansion is already partially in operation this month and expected to be fully complete by July 2022.Our sales in the first quarter 2022 were $354.1 million  our highest first quarter sales in our history  driven by a combination of sequential order growth in Cryo Tank Solutions as well as timing and record backlog heading into the year. Sales increased 22.7% when compared to the first quarter of 2021 (27.0% when excluding Big LNG from both periods) and reflected record sales in water treatment  carbon capture  Heat Transfer Systems (“HTS”) project work  and Repair Service and Leasing (“RSL”) parts  repair  service as well as fans aftermarket.Throughout 2021  we strategically decided to increase our on-hand inventory balance as the result of increases in material costs and the frequently discussed availability challenges of materials. This decision resulted in lower than typical free cash flow in 2021. We entered 2022 with higher than typical inventory levels  yet at the time anticipated that free cash flow for 2022 would reflect the tempering of these challenges as the year progressed. Given the uncertain supply chain and material cost environment that worsened as the result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict  we have chosen to continue to strategically build safety stock of key raw material inputs  including carbon steel  stainless steel and aluminum  especially given our ability to source these globally while attempting to procure them at lower cost points in the market. This continued strategic safety stock inventory build resulted in lower than typical free cash flow for the first quarter 2022 yet allows us to meet our customers’ ongoing delivery timelines and record demand levels  thereby continuing to secure additional business. Even with these challenges and this strategic decision  our net cash used by operating activities was only ($22) million  and when adjusted for unusual items  was $8 million. This included an increase to our inventory of $35 million in the first quarter of 2022  driven by the strategic sourcing decisions we made to add safety stock (+$19 million)  the increases in material costs and the purchasing of material for our larger projects that were booked in the fourth quarter of 2021 and the first quarter of 2022. Even considering the inventory headwinds  we continue to anticipate that with the payment schedules for Big LNG project work in backlog that our full year 2022 adjusted free cash flow will be in the range of $175 million to $225 million.Continued progress on pricing and cost actions are reflected in our first quarter 2022 reported gross margin as a percent of sales of 23.6% (adjusted gross margin as a percent of sales of 26.1% when excluding restructuring and organic startup capacity costs)  demonstrating our progress in incremental and sequential quarterly improvement in our margin profile.As 2022 began  we continued to take further pricing and cost reduction actions to progress faster against our lagging cost to price backlog. During the first quarter  we took additional steps than what was originally anticipated after seeing the material availability and cost impacts after the start of the Russia-Ukraine conflict. We implemented additional price increases in the first quarter 2022 and increased our temporary surcharges yet again and combined with our 2021 actions are expected to cover our additional costs on new orders. We have made additional progress in the first quarter on addressing the continuing inflationary and unique macro challenges as well as bringing new capacity online. Examples include (details can be found on slides 11 through 18 of the supplemental presentation):Availability of material is improving particularly in the United States following a very challenging month of March 2022 globally  yet we continue to generate alternative  localized as well as global sources of supply while reviewing alternative component sources. Additionally  we were faced with Force Majeure on our nitrogen gas supply in the Southeast United States from our gas suppliers throughout the first quarter 2022. This has since been lifted yet we are now under Force Majeure for helium supply in various regions of the United States indefinitely  causing additional cost and inefficiencies. We continue to find new alternative supply and when possible  we also have utilized one of our trailers from our leasing fleet to transport our own gas.Logistic costs  including availability of drivers and trucks remained a challenge. As we previously described  additional logistics costs had a net negative margin impact of $1.4 million in the fourth quarter 2021. This meaningfully improved to a net negative margin impact of $0.6 million in the first quarter 2022 and we took even further steps by product type to ensure this continues to sequentially improve to a net zero impact (which is anticipated no later than the third quarter 2022). Additionally  generally we did not miss shipments as the result of the logistics situation.January and February 2022 were our two highest months of COVID-19 absences globally since the start of the pandemic/endemic in March 2020. We had 295 team members out with COVID in January 2022 and 109 in February 2022  yet we have become more agile in adapting to these types of challenges and taking advantage of our flexible manufacturing options. Therefore  it did not meaningfully impact our sales in the first quarter 2022. We actually had nine shops with 100% on-time delivery in the first quarter 2022 (up from eight in the fourth quarter 2021) as well as 17 facilities with over 95% on-time delivery in the first quarter 2022.While we lost an entire week of production at our Chart China facility in the month of March 2022 due to government COVID-19 lockdowns  our team members managed to ship to our forecast. Nice job  Chart China team!Our CryoDiffusion vacuum insulated pipe manufacturing line is complete and running as of the first quarter 2022 and we anticipate our SriCity  India capacity expansion project to be fully operational by the third quarter 2022.The steps taken in the second half of 2021 as well as the first quarter of 2022 resulted in our improving reported gross margin as a percent of sales of 23.6%  a sequential increase of 190 basis points over the fourth quarter of 2021. While this still lagged behind first quarter 2021 gross margin percentage given the timing differences between raw material cost increases and our corresponding pricing actions  as discussed elsewhere  we expect this timing gap to narrow as the year progresses. When adjusted for one-time items including primarily restructuring and organic startup capacity costs  gross margin as a percent of sales in the first quarter 2022 was 26.1%  which was not adjusted for first quarter impacts such as our highest four week stretch of COVID-19 absences  inefficiencies from Force Majeures issued by our gas suppliers to our factories  higher transport and logistics costs  additional team member retention payments as well as other labor inefficiencies.Our first quarter 2022 reported non-diluted EPS of $0.28 included a negative impact of $0.14 ($0.11 net of tax) from the quarter’s mark-to-market of our inorganic investments as well as operational one-time costs related to restructuring  startup/capacity and deal and integration totaling $0.26 net of tax. When adjusting for these items  adjusted non-diluted EPS was $0.65. Sequentially when compared to the fourth quarter 2021  our addbacks to earnings per share  excluding the mark-to-market gains and losses of our inorganic investments net of FX  are down 42%  which demonstrates our expectation that we will continue to have fewer adjustments to EPS as the result of acquisition integrations completing after year one of ownership  not anticipating any debt or refinance costs in 2022 and the timing of new organic capacity and product lines coming online throughout the year.“We are pleased with our pricing and cost reduction progress  reflected in our improving gross margin as a percent of sales and expected to continue throughout the remainder of the year ” stated Jill Evanko  Chart’s President and CEO. “In addition  we continue to hit key milestones of one-year acquisition integrations on schedule while completing capacity and productivity projects throughout 2021 and 2022. These activities also support our ability to deliver our solutions on-time to our customers as we continue to see record demand  including the first quarter of 2022 being our sixth consecutive quarter of setting a new historical backlog record and our highest order quarter ever.”Additional Partnerships Executed in Q1 2022.In the first quarter 2022  we continued to build upon our industry partnerships via investment  collaborations  LOIs  and MOUs. We are pleased to share the following partnerships that were executed this quarter:Executed a LOI with Greenstone Renewables for Chart to be their exclusive liquefaction technology and equipment supplier for their 100% renewable solar hydrogen production project expected to proceed to Final Investment Decision (“FID”) in 2022.Signed an agreement with an industrial gas customer to be their tank and heat exchanger supplier for their global hydrogen projects.Joined Cemvita Factory as a founding member of their Gold Hydrogen technology.Funded Hy24’s first hydrogen investment  one year after our decision to be an anchor partner in the world’s first hydrogen pure play investment fund (originally “FiveT Hydrogen Fund”).Announced our collaboration with Calgon Carbon Corporation (“Calgon Carbon”)  a wholly owned subsidiary of Kuraray Co.  Ltd. (TYO: 3405) (“Kuraray”) and ChartWater™. We will partner in offering PFAS water treatment systems using granular activated carbon (GAC) media enabling ChartWater™ and Calgon to combine their capabilities for solutions that will cost-effectively provide safe drinking water to small community water systems and under-resourced rural communities across the United States.Completed our AdEdge (ChartWater™) joint venture with AdEdge India  allowing us regional capabilities to sell our water treatment solutions across India.Update 2022 Outlook With Increased Confidence in Higher 2023 and 2024 Outlooks.Our anticipated 2022 full year sales outlook is in the range of $1.725 billion to $1.85 billion with associated non-diluted adjusted EPS of $5.35 to $6.50  both revised from our prior guidance. There are a few noteworthy items in our current outlook:(1) Our current sales outlook includes approximately $25 to $40 million of Big LNG related revenue in the year from orders booked in the first quarter 2022. We reiterate that our sales timing is expected to sequentially increase throughout the year  with the Big LNG revenue primarily in the latter part 2022. (2) Recently  key customers for our HLNG vehicle tank products lowered their 2022 purchasing forecasts (timing shift is anticipated to 2023) as the result of the macroeconomic challenges in the vehicle industry. This primarily impacts our second quarter 2022. (3) We consider uncertainty around shutdowns and logistics in China in the near-term in this outlook. (4) The higher-end of the range requires specific larger opportunities in our commercial pipeline to be booked as orders in the coming few months. (5) Our assumed weighted shares outstanding in the current outlook are 35.83 million  an increase from our prior guidance of 35.6 million shares. (6) We are assuming a 19% effective tax rate (unchanged from prior guidance). (7) As we said previously  we anticipate the first half of 2022 will include a margin drag from historical levels from the ongoing macro challenges but increasingly be offset as the year progresses by the positive impact from actions we have taken to date. (8) Also  important to note is that prior to the first quarter 2022  there was immaterial Big LNG in our backlog for 2022 and beyond. Now with Big LNG orders booked and anticipating additional Big LNG orders later this year  our 2023 through 2025 outlooks all increase meaningfully.FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSCertain statements made in this press release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning the Company’s business plans  including statements regarding completed acquisitions  divestitures  and investments  cost synergies and efficiency savings  objectives  future orders  revenues  margins  segment sales mix  earnings or performance  liquidity and cash flow  inventory levels  capital expenditures  supply chain challenges  material cost and pricing increases  business trends  clean energy market opportunities including addressable markets  and governmental initiatives  including executive orders and other information that is not historical in nature. Forward-looking statements may be identified by terminology such as ""may "" ""will "" ""should "" ""could "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""projects "" ""forecasts "" “outlook ” “guidance ” ""continue "" “target ” or the negative of such terms or comparable terminology.Forward-looking statements contained in this press release or in other statements made by the Company are made based on management's expectations and beliefs concerning future events impacting the Company and are subject to uncertainties and factors relating to the Company's operations and business environment  all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the Company's control  that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements include: the Company’s ability to successfully integrate recent acquisitions and achieve the anticipated revenue  earnings  accretion and other benefits from these acquisitions; slower than anticipated growth and market acceptance of new clean energy product offerings; inability to achieve expected pricing increases or continued supply chain challenges including volatility in raw materials and supply; risks relating to the outbreak and continued uncertainty associated with the coronavirus (COVID-19) and the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the other factors discussed in Item 1A (Risk Factors) in the Company’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC  which should be reviewed carefully. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement.USE OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release contains non-GAAP financial information  including adjusted gross profit as a percent of sales  adjusted earnings per non-diluted share  net income attributable to Chart Industries  Inc. adjusted  free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow and EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. For additional information regarding the Company's use of non-GAAP financial information  as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (""GAAP"")  please see the reconciliation pages at the end of this news release and the slides titled ""First Quarter 2022 Earnings Per Share "" ""Segment Sales and Gross Margin Information "" ""First Quarter 2022 Free Cash Flow""  ""Segment Information "" and ""First Quarter 2022 Adjusted EBITDA"" included in the supplemental slides accompanying this release.The Company believes these non-GAAP measures are of interest to investors and facilitate useful period-to-period comparisons of the Company’s financial results  and this information is used by the Company in evaluating internal performance. With respect to the Company’s 2022 full year earnings outlook  the Company is not able to provide a reconciliation of the adjusted earnings per non-diluted share or adjusted free cash flow because certain items may have not yet occurred or are out of the Company’s control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted.CONFERENCE CALLAs previously announced  the Company will discuss its first quarter 2022 financial results on a conference call on Friday  April 29  2022 at 8:30 a.m. ET. Participants may join the conference call by dialing (877) 312-9395 in the U.S. or (970) 315-0456 from outside the U.S.  entering conference ID 5393386. Please log-in or dial-in at least five minutes prior to the start time.A taped replay of the conference call will be archived on the Company’s website  www.chartindustries.com. You may also listen to a recorded replay of the conference call by dialing (855) 859-2056 in the U.S. or (404) 537-3406 outside the U.S. and entering Conference ID 5393386. The replay will be available beginning 11:30 a.m. ET  Friday  April 29  2022 until 11:30 a.m. ET  Friday  May 6  2022.About Chart Industries  Inc.Chart Industries  Inc. is a leading independent global manufacturer of highly engineered equipment servicing multiple applications in the Energy and Industrial Gas markets. Our unique product portfolio is used in every phase of the liquid gas supply chain  including upfront engineering  service and repair. Being at the forefront of the clean energy transition  Chart is a leading provider of technology  equipment and services related to liquefied natural gas  hydrogen  biogas and CO2 Capture amongst other applications. We are committed to excellence in environmental  social and corporate governance (ESG) issues both for our company as well as our customers. With over 25 global manufacturing locations from the United States to China  Australia  India  Europe and South America  we maintain accountability and transparency to our team members  suppliers  customers and communities. To learn more  visit www.Chartindustries.com.For more information  click here:http://ir.chartindustries.com/Investor Relations Contact:Wade Suki  CFA Director of Investor Relations 832-524-7489 wade.suki@chartindustries.comCHART INDUSTRIES  INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESCONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (UNAUDITED)(Dollars and shares in millions  except per share amounts)Three Months Ended March 31  2022 March 31  2021 December 31  2021 Sales $ 354.1 $ 288.5 $ 378.9 Cost of sales 270.4 204.6 296.7 Gross profit 83.7 83.9 82.2 Selling  general  and administrative expenses 53.5 46.3 51.4 Amortization expense 10.1 8.8 10.4 Operating expenses 63.6 55.1 61.8 Operating income (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) 20.1 28.8 20.4 Interest expense  net 3.2 2.0 3.3 Financing costs amortization 0.7 1.2 4.8 Unrealized loss (gain) on investments in equity securities 2.6 (3.3 ) (2.0 ) Realized gain on investment in equity securities — — (2.6 ) Foreign currency loss 1.6 — 1.2 Other income (0.7 ) (0.2 ) (0.1 ) Income before income taxes and equity in (loss) earnings of unconsolidated affiliates  net 12.7 29.1 15.8 Income tax expense 2.1 3.1 3.6 Income before equity in (loss) earnings of unconsolidated affiliates  net 10.6 26.0 12.2 Equity in (loss) earnings of unconsolidated affiliates  net (0.3 ) 0.1 0.2 Net income 10.3 26.1 12.4 Less: Income attributable to noncontrolling interests  net of taxes 0.1 0.5 0.3 Net income attributable to Chart Industries  Inc. $ 10.2 $ 25.6 $ 12.1 Net income attributable to Chart Industries  Inc. per common share: Basic $ 0.28 $ 0.72 $ 0.34 Diluted $ 0.25 $ 0.63 $ 0.29 Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding: Basic 35.83 35.55 35.65 Diluted (6) (7) 40.79 40.62 41.57____________________(1) Includes depreciation expense of:• $10.4  $10.7 and $10.4 for the three months ended March 31  2022  March 31  2021 and December 31  2021  respectively.(2) Includes restructuring costs of:• $0.1  $0.7  and $0.6 for the three months ended March 31  2022  March 31  2021 and December 31  2021  respectively.(3) Includes acquisition-related contingent consideration (credits)/charges of:• $(0.8)  $0.8  and $(1.2) in our Specialty Products segment for the three months ended March 31  2022  March 31  2021 and December 31  2021  respectively.(4) Includes deal-related and integration costs of $4.2 and $4.9 for the three months ended March 31  2022 and December 31  2021  respectively.(5) In conjunction with the amendment of our credit facilities in 2021  we recognized charges of $4.1 in unamortized debt issuance cost write offs associated with previous credit facilities and new debt issuance costs  which are classified as financing costs amortization for the three months ended December 31  2021.(6) Includes an additional 4.72 and 4.74 shares related to the convertible notes due 2024 and associated warrants in our diluted earnings per share calculation for the three months ended March 31  2022 and 2021  respectively. The associated hedge  which helps offset this dilution  cannot be taken into account under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). If the hedge could have been considered  it would have reduced the additional shares by 2.56 and 2.57 for the three months ended March 31  2022 and 2021  respectively.(7) Includes an additional 5.56 shares related to the convertible notes due 2024 and associated warrants in our diluted earnings per share calculation for the fourth quarter 2021. The associated hedge  which helps offset this dilution  cannot be taken into account under U.S. GAAP. If the hedge could have been considered  it would have reduced the additional shares by 2.94 for the fourth quarter 2021.CHART INDUSTRIES  INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESCONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED)(Dollars in millions)Three Months Ended March 31  2022 March 31  2021 December 31  2021 Net Cash (Used In) Provided By Operating Activities $ (22.2 ) $ 8.3 $ 20.4 Investing Activities Acquisition of businesses  net of cash acquired (0.8 ) (55.0 ) (36.0 ) Investments (3.9 ) (40.0 ) (0.7 ) Capital expenditures (12.6 ) (11.5 ) (16.2 ) Government grants and other (0.2 ) 0.2 0.1 Net Cash Used In Investing Activities (17.5 ) (106.3 ) (52.8 ) Financing Activities Borrowings on revolving credit facility 254.0 187.7 717.0 Repayments on revolving credit facility (235.9 ) (102.5 ) (552.0 ) Repayments on term loan — — (103.1 ) Payments for debt issuance costs — — (3.0 ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options 1.0 5.6 (0.1 ) Common stock repurchases from share-based compensation plans (3.2 ) (3.0 ) (3.2 ) Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 15.9 87.8 55.6 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 1.3 — (3.8 ) Net (decrease) increase in cash  cash equivalents  restricted cash  and restricted cash equivalents (22.5 ) (10.2 ) 19.4 Cash  cash equivalents  restricted cash  and restricted cash equivalents at beginning of period (1) 122.4 126.1 103.0 CASH  CASH EQUIVALENTS  RESTRICTED CASH  AND RESTRICTED CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD (1) $ 99.9 $ 115.9 $ 122.4_______________(1) Includes restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents of $0.2 as of both March 31  2022 and December 31  2021 and $1.0 as of March 31  2021.CHART INDUSTRIES  INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESCONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED)(Dollars in millions)March 31 2022 December 31 2021 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 99.7 $ 122.2 Accounts receivable  net 253.0 236.3 Inventories  net 350.6 321.5 Other current assets 207.5 173.5 Property  plant  and equipment  net 412.4 416.0 Goodwill 991.3 994.6 Identifiable intangible assets  net 544.7 556.1 Equity method investments 100.9 99.6 Investments in equity securities 78.0 77.8 Other assets 47.8 46.2 TOTAL ASSETS $ 3 085.9 $ 3 043.8 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities $ 721.6 $ 693.9 Long-term debt 618.1 600.8 Other long-term liabilities 116.8 123.9 Equity 1 629.4 1 625.2 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY $ 3 085.9 $ 3 043.8CHART INDUSTRIES  INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESOPERATING SEGMENTS (UNAUDITED)(Dollars in millions)Three Months Ended March 31  2022 March 31  2021 December 31  2021 Sales Cryo Tank Solutions $ 118.1 $ 103.9 $ 133.5 Heat Transfer Systems 79.3 69.2 71.9 Specialty Products 107.5 77.3 131.9 Repair  Service & Leasing 49.3 41.4 44.7 Intersegment eliminations (0.1 ) (3.3 ) (3.1 ) Consolidated $ 354.1 $ 288.5 $ 378.9 Gross Profit Cryo Tank Solutions $ 25.4 $ 25.2 $ 22.5 Heat Transfer Systems 10.1 15.8 6.4 Specialty Products 32.6 28.2 39.9 Repair  Service & Leasing 15.6 14.7 13.4 Consolidated $ 83.7 $ 83.9 $ 82.2 Gross Profit Margin Cryo Tank Solutions 21.5 % 24.3 % 16.9 % Heat Transfer Systems 12.7 % 22.8 % 8.9 % Specialty Products 30.3 % 36.5 % 30.3 % Repair  Service & Leasing 31.6 % 35.5 % 30.0 % Consolidated 23.6 % 29.1 % 21.7 % Operating Income (Loss) Cryo Tank Solutions $ 14.1 $ 15.6 $ 10.9 Heat Transfer Systems (0.2 ) 3.8 (5.8 ) Specialty Products 16.2 17.9 26.4 Repair  Service & Leasing 8.3 8.3 7.2 Corporate (18.3 ) (16.8 ) (18.3 ) Consolidated (1) (2) (3) $ 20.1 $ 28.8 $ 20.4 Operating Margin (Loss) Cryo Tank Solutions 11.9 % 15.0 % 8.2 % Heat Transfer Systems (0.3) % 5.5 % (8.1) % Specialty Products 15.1 % 23.2 % 20.0 % Repair  Service & Leasing 16.8 % 20.0 % 16.1 % Consolidated 5.7 % 10.0 % 5.4 %_______________(1) Restructuring costs for the three months ended:March 31  2022 were $0.1 in our Heat Transfer Systems segment.March 31  2021 were $0.7 ($0.3 - Cryo Tank Solutions and $0.4 - Heat Transfer Systems).December 31  2021 were $0.6 ($0.5 - Heat Transfer Systems and $0.1 - Repair  Service & Leasing).(2) Includes acquisition-related contingent consideration (credits)/charges of:$(0.8)  $0.8  and $(1.2) in our Specialty Products segment for the three months ended March 31  2022  March 31  2021 and December 31  2021  respectively.(3) Includes deal-related and integration costs of $4.2 and $4.9 for the three months ended March 31  2022 and December 31  2021  respectively.CHART INDUSTRIES  INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESORDERS AND BACKLOG (UNAUDITED)(Dollars in millions)Three Months Ended March 31 2022 March 31 2021 December 31 2021 Orders Cryo Tank Solutions $ 142.4 $ 129.5 $ 117.2 Heat Transfer Systems (1) 354.1 104.9 117.5 Specialty Products 100.5 144.5 182.3 Repair  Service & Leasing 43.4 40.5 45.9 Intersegment eliminations (3.6 ) (2.2 ) (2.0 ) Consolidated $ 636.8 $ 417.2 $ 460.9As of March 31 2022 March 31 2021 December 31 2021 Backlog Cryo Tank Solutions $ 365.8 $ 245.8 $ 346.8 Heat Transfer Systems 639.5 361.4 370.4 Specialty Products 418.8 270.5 438.2 Repair  Service & Leasing 53.6 57.4 56.5 Intersegment eliminations (0.7 ) (1.0 ) (21.8 ) Consolidated $ 1 477.0 $ 934.1 $ 1 190.1_______________(1) Heat Transfer Systems orders for the three months ended March 31  2022 include big LNG orders of $228.4 million.CHART INDUSTRIES  INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESRECONCILIATION OF BASIC EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO CHART INDUSTRIES INC. TO NORMALIZED NON-DILUTED EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO CHARTINDUSTRIES INC. AND ADJUSTED NON-DILUTED EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TOCHART INDUSTRIES  INC. (UNAUDITED)(Dollars in millions  except per share amounts)Three Months Ended March 31  2022 December 31  2021 Basic earnings per common share attributable to Chart Industries  Inc. (U.S. GAAP) $ 0.28 $ 0.34 Investment equities mark-to-market  net (1) 0.14 (0.03 ) Gain on remeasurement of investment (2) — (0.07 ) Debt refinance costs (3) — 0.12 Tax effects (0.03 ) — Normalized non-diluted earnings per common share attributable to Chart Industries  Inc. (non-GAAP) $ 0.39 $ 0.36 Restructuring related costs (4) 0.15 0.21 Deal-related and integration costs (5) 0.12 0.14 Start-up costs (organic) (6) 0.05 0.08 Other one-time items (7) — 0.01 Tax effects (0.06 ) (0.07 ) Adjusted non-diluted earnings per common share attributable to Chart Industries  Inc. (non-GAAP) $ 0.65 $ 0.73_______________(1) Includes unrealized loss (gain) on the mark-to-market adjustments of our investments in equity securities related to McPhy (Euronext Paris: MCPHY – ISIN; FR0011742329) and Stabilis Energy  Inc. (NasdaqCM: SLNG) of $2.6 and $(2.0) for the three months ended March 31  2022 and December 31  2021  respectively  foreign currency loss of $1.6 and $1.2  for the three months ended March 31  2022 and December 31  2021  respectively  and equity in (loss) earnings of unconsolidated affiliates  net of $(0.3) and $0.2 for the three months ended March 31  2022 and December 31  2021 respectively.(2) Includes a $2.6 gain from the remeasurement of our initial 15% investment in Earthly Labs Inc. for the three months ended December 31  2021.(3) Includes debt refinance costs of $4.1 related to the refinance of our credit facilities during the three months ended December 31  2021.(4) Restructuring related costs during the three months ended March 31  2022 and December 31  2021 of $5.3 and $7.4  respectively  were comprised of relocation and facility start-up costs and departmental restructuring  including headcount reductions.(5) Deal-related and integration costs:During the three months ended March 31  2022 of $4.2  were comprised of pre-closing  due diligence and integration costs related to our acquisitions of Cryogenic Gas Technologies  Inc.  L.A. Turbine  AdEdge Holdings  LLC  and Earthly Labs Inc. as well as integration costs from our investments in Transform Materials LLC and HTEC Hydrogen Technology & Energy Corporation.During the three months ended December 31  2021 of $4.9  were comprised of pre-closing  due diligence and integration costs related to our acquisitions of Cryogenic Gas Technologies  Inc.  L.A. Turbine  AdEdge Holdings  LLC  and Earthly Labs Inc. as well as integration costs from 2020 acquisitions including Alabama Trailers  BlueInGreen  LLC and Sustainable Energy Solutions  Inc. Deal-related and integration costs during the three months ended December 31  2021 also include acquisition related contingent consideration  income taxes and interest expense related to previous divestitures.(6) Start-up costs (organic) during the during the three months ended March 31  2022 and December 31  2021 of $1.8 and $2.8  respectively  were comprised of Richburg  South Carolina repair facility start-up costs  Tulsa  Oklahoma product line start-up costs and incremental costs related to our flex manufacturing facility in Tulsa  Oklahoma.(7) For the three months ended December 31  2021  other one-time costs include labor disruption  freight  sourcing and safety costs directly related to manufacture and fulfillment of critical care products. Other one-time costs for the quarter ended December 31  2021 also include costs related to commercial and legal settlements and storm damage._______________Normalized non-diluted earnings per common share attributable to Chart Industries  Inc. and adjusted non-diluted earnings per common share attributable to Chart Industries  Inc. are not measures of financial performance under U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to earnings per share in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Management believes that normalized non-diluted earnings per common share attributable to Chart Industries  Inc. and adjusted non-diluted earnings per common share attributable to Chart Industries  Inc. facilitate useful period-to-period comparisons of our financial results and this information is used by us in evaluating internal performance. Our calculation of these non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to the calculations of similarly titled measures reported by other companies.CHART INDUSTRIES  INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESRECONCILIATION OF NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO CHART INDUSTRIES  INC. TO NET INCOME ADJUSTED (UNAUDITED)(Dollars in millions)Three Months Ended March 31 2022 March 31 2021 Net income attributable to Chart Industries  Inc.  (U.S. GAAP) $ 10.2 $ 25.6 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests  net of taxes 0.1 0.5 Net income (U.S. GAAP) 10.3 26.1 Employee share-based compensation expense 3.3 3.4 Financing costs amortization 0.7 1.2 Unrealized foreign currency transaction gain (1.1 ) (4.6 ) Unrealized loss (gain) on investments in equity securities 2.6 (3.3 ) Equity in loss (earnings) of unconsolidated affiliates  net 0.3 (0.1 ) Other non-cash operating activities 2.0 2.0 Net income  adjusted (non-GAAP) $ 18.1 $ 24.7_______________Net income  adjusted is not a measure of financial performance under U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Management believes that net income  adjusted  facilitates useful period-to-period comparisons of our financial results and this information is used by us in evaluating internal performance. Our calculation of this non-GAAP measure may not be comparable to the calculations of similarly titled measures reported by other companies.RECONCILIATION OF NET CASH (USED IN) PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES TO FREE CASH FLOW AND ADJUSTED FREE CASH FLOW (UNAUDITED)(Dollars in millions)Three Months Ended March 31 2022 March 31 2021 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities (U.S. GAAP) $ (22.2 ) $ 8.3 Capital expenditures (12.6 ) (11.5 ) Free cash flow (non-GAAP) (34.8 ) (3.2 ) Non-recurring costs 11.0 5.0 Add back inventory for strategic build 19.0 — Adjusted free cash flow (non-GAAP) $ (4.8 ) $ 1.8_______________Free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow are not measures of financial performance under U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Management believes that free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow facilitate useful period-to-period comparisons of our financial results and this information is used by us in evaluating internal performance. Our calculation of these non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to the calculations of similarly titled measures reported by other companies.CHART INDUSTRIES  INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESRECONCILIATIONS OF GROSS PROFIT TO ADJUSTED GROSS PROFIT AND OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) TOADJUSTED OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) (UNAUDITED)(Dollars in millions)Three Months Ended March 31  2022 Cryo Tank Solutions Heat Transfer Systems Specialty Products Repair Service &Leasing Intersegment Eliminations Corporate Consolidated Sales $ 118.1 $ 79.3 $ 107.5 $ 49.3 $ (0.1 ) $ — $ 354.1 Gross profit as reported (U.S. GAAP) 25.4 10.1 32.6 15.6 — — 83.7 Restructuring related  deal-related  integration and other one time costs 3.3 2.5 1.4 1.5 — — 8.7 Adjusted gross profit (non-GAAP) $ 28.7 $ 12.6 $ 34.0 $ 17.1 $ — $ — $ 92.4 Adjusted gross profit margin (non-GAAP) 24.3 % 15.9 % 31.6 % 34.7 % — % — % 26.1 % Operating income (loss) as reported (U.S. GAAP) $ 14.1 $ (0.2 ) $ 16.2 $ 8.3 $ — $ (18.3 ) 20.1 Restructuring related  deal-related  integration and other one time costs 3.4 2.5 1.9 1.5 — 1.2 10.5 Adjusted operating income (loss) (non-GAAP) $ 17.5 $ 2.3 $ 18.1 $ 9.8 $ — $ (17.1 ) $ 30.6 Adjusted operating margin (non-GAAP) 14.8 % 2.9 % 16.8 % 19.9 % — % — % 8.6 %Three Months Ended March 31  2021 Cryo Tank Solutions Heat Transfer Systems Specialty Products Repair Service &Leasing Intersegment Eliminations Corporate Consolidated Sales $ 103.9 $ 69.2 $ 77.3 $ 41.4 $ (3.3 ) $ — $ 288.5 Gross profit as reported (U.S. GAAP) 25.2 15.8 28.2 14.7 — — 83.9 Restructuring  transaction-related and other one-time costs — 1.4 0.8 0.1 — — 2.3 Adjusted gross profit (non-GAAP) $ 25.2 $ 17.2 $ 29.0 $ 14.8 $ — $ — $ 86.2 Adjusted gross profit margin (non-GAAP) 24.3 % 24.9 % 37.5 % 35.7 % — % — % 29.9 % Operating income (loss) as reported (U.S. GAAP) $ 15.6 $ 3.8 $ 17.9 $ 8.3 $ — $ (16.8 ) 28.8 Restructuring  transaction-related and other one-time costs 0.2 1.6 1.9 0.1 — 1.9 5.7 Adjusted operating income (loss) (non-GAAP) $ 15.8 $ 5.4 $ 19.8 $ 8.4 $ — $ (14.9 ) $ 34.5 Adjusted operating margin (non-GAAP) 15.2 % 7.8 % 25.6 % 20.3 % — % — % 12.0 %CHART INDUSTRIES  INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESRECONCILIATIONS OF GROSS PROFIT TO ADJUSTED GROSS PROFIT AND OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) TO ADJUSTED OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) (UNAUDITED) (CONTINUED)(Dollars in millions)Three Months Ended December 31  2021 Cryo Tank Solutions Heat Transfer Systems SpecialtyProducts Repair Service &Leasing Intersegment Eliminations Corporate Consolidated Sales $ 133.5 $ 71.9 $ 131.9 $ 44.7 $ (3.1 ) $ — $ 378.9 Gross profit as reported (U.S. GAAP) 22.5 6.4 39.9 $ 13.4 — — 82.2 Restructuring  transaction-related and other one-time costs 2.7 3.6 1.2 2.1 — — 9.6 Adjusted gross profit (non-GAAP) $ 25.2 $ 10.0 $ 41.1 $ 15.5 $ — $ — $ 91.8 Adjusted gross profit margin (non-GAAP) 18.9 % 13.9 % 31.2 % 34.7 % — % — % 24.2 % Operating income (loss) as reported (U.S. GAAP) $ 10.9 $ (5.8 ) $ 26.4 $ 7.2 $ — $ (18.3 ) 20.4 Restructuring  transaction-related and other one-time costs 2.9 4.2 1.4 2.1 — 1.8 12.4 Adjusted operating income (loss) (non-GAAP) $ 13.8 $ (1.6 ) $ 27.8 $ 9.3 $ — $ (16.5 ) $ 32.8 Adjusted operating margin (non-GAAP) 10.3 % (2.2) % 21.1 % 20.8 % — % — % 8.7 %_______________Adjusted gross profit and adjusted operating income (loss) are not measures of financial performance under U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to gross profit and operating income (loss) in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Management believes that adjusted gross profit and adjusted operating income (loss) facilitate useful period-to-period comparisons of our financial results and this information is used by us in evaluating internal performance. Our calculation of these non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to the calculations of similarly titled measures reported by other companies.",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.18,0.31,0.52,True,English,"['Chart Industries Reports', '2022 First Quarter Results', 'Corpus Christi Stage Three terminal', 'Plaquemines Phase 2 export terminal project', 'full-year adjusted non-diluted EPS guidance', '100% renewable solar hydrogen liquefaction project', 'Big LNG export terminal releases', 'second consecutive record order quarter', 'sixth consecutive record backlog quarter', 'three Big LNG project orders', 'Big LNG export terminals', 'aluminum heat exchanger assemblies', 'Venture Global Plaquemines Phase 1', 'four small-scale liquefaction projects', 'fourth record order quarter', 'other energy alternative solutions', 'global LNG station demand', 'new order quarter records', 'highest first quarter sales', 'sixth consecutive quarter', '2022 full-year revenue outlook', 'other one-time costs', 'eighteen BAHX assemblies', 'highest order quarter', 'investor relations section', 'past five quarters', 'Liquefied Natural Gas', 'CiCi Elm unit', 'private sector entities', 'Final Investment Decision', 'first Earthly Lab', 'sequential gross margin', 'last five quarters', 'corresponding cold boxes', 'New Fortress Energy', 'LNG fueling stations', 'First quarter 2022 sales', 'First quarter 2022 orders', 'second quarter', 'three pillars', 'small-scale LNG', 'record orders', 'FastLNG2 project', '2030 hydrogen target', 'alternative sources', 'LNG business', '$135.5 million order', '$47.5 million order', '45.4 million order', 'new orders', 'sales improvement', 'investment activity', '84 new customers', 'energy strategy', 'energy activity', 'ssLNG projects', 'broad-based demand', 'actual orders', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Further details', 'supplemental presentation', 'operating income', 'Greenstone Renewables', 'exclusive technology', 'diluted earnings', 'Energy independence', 'key drivers', 'accelerating activity', 'Russia-Ukraine conflict', 'energy security', 'United Kingdom', 'recent activity', 'Specific examples', 'Ukraine-Russia conflict', 'Full Notice', 'Limited Notice', 'long-haul transportation', 'Chart Industries', 'Specialty Products', 'equipment supplier', 'expected trend', '65 orders', '14 stations', 'ATLANTA', 'April', 'NYSE', 'GTLS', 'results', 'website', 'history', 'increase', 'periods', 'percent', 'remainder', 'Letter', 'Intent', 'LOI', 'FID', 'share', 'Mark', 'MTM', 'resiliency', 'sustainability', 'kind', 'FOAK', 'Troeg', 'Brewery', 'variety', 'applications', 'addition', 'inquiries', 'public', 'need', 'infrastructure', 'molecules', 'access', 'backdrop', 'requirement', 'supply', 'focus', 'part', 'construction', 'topics', 'acceleration', 'initiation', 'FNTP', 'MTPA', 'LNTP', 'Cheniere', 'NFE', 'receipt', 'FastLNG3.', 'Shell', 'India', 'international']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3950,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-march-2022-monthly-factsheet-301535878.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited March 2022 Monthly Factsheet,LONDON  April 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for March 2022. Net Asset Value: $2 797m Fully Diluted NAV Per Share: $28.88 Share Price (TFG NA): $9.06 Monthly NAV per share total return: 0.0% Monthly Return on Equity: 0.6%…,LONDON  April 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for March 2022.Net Asset Value: $2 797mFully Diluted NAV Per Share: $28.88Share Price (TFG NA): $9.06Monthly NAV per share total return: 0.0%Monthly Return on Equity: 0.6%Most recent quarterly dividend: $0.11Dividend yield: 4.6%Please refer to important disclosures on page 5 of the Monthly Factsheet.Please click below to access the Monthly Factsheet.March 2022 FactsheetAbout Tetragon:Tetragon is a closed-ended investment company that invests in a broad range of assets  including public and private equities and credit (including distressed securities and structured credit)  convertible bonds  real estate  venture capital  infrastructure  bank loans and TFG Asset Management  a diversified alternative asset management business. Where appropriate  through TFG Asset Management  Tetragon seeks to own all  or a portion  of asset management companies with which it invests in order to enhance the returns achieved on its capital. Tetragon's investment objective is to generate distributable income and capital appreciation. It aims to provide stable returns to investors across various credit  equity  interest rate  inflation and real estate cycles. The company's non-voting shares are traded on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and on the Specialist Fund Segment of the main market of the London Stock Exchange. For more information please visit the company's website at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon: Yuko Thomas Investor Relations [email protected] Press Inquiries: Prosek Partners [email protected] United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin +1 646 818 9298 +1 646 818 9234 United Kingdom Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell +44 7717 281 665 +44 7940 166 251This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.07,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'Monthly Factsheet', 'United Kingdom Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell', 'United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin', 'diversified alternative asset management business', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'U.S. persons', 'asset management companies', 'TFG Asset Management', 'Net Asset Value', 'collective investment scheme', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Fully Diluted NAV', 'recent quarterly dividend', 'real estate cycles', 'London Stock Exchange', 'share total return', 'investment objective', 'TFG NA', 'Monthly NAV', 'Monthly Return', 'Dividend yield', 'Share Price', 'important disclosures', 'broad range', 'private equities', 'convertible bonds', 'bank loans', 'distributable income', 'interest rate', 'voting shares', 'regulated market', 'main market', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'Netherlands Authority', 'Monthly Factsheet', 'distressed securities', 'structured credit', 'venture capital', 'capital appreciation', 'various credit', 'public register', 'stable returns', 'public offer', 'April', 'March', 'Equity', 'page', 'assets', 'infrastructure', 'portion', 'order', 'investors', 'inflation', 'information', 'website', 'tetragoninv', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'addition', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country', '0.0']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,prnewswire.com
3951,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-announcement-of-dividend-301535890.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement of Dividend,LONDON  April 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Dividend Announcement: On 27 April 2022  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the first quarter of 2022. The ex-dividend date is 2 May 2022. The record…,On 27 April 2022  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the first quarter of 2022. The ex-dividend date is 2 May 2022. The record date is 3 May 2022. Payment of the dividend will take place from 26 May 2022.Tetragon's website (www.tetragoninv.com) includes information on Tetragon's Optional Stock Dividend Plan for those shareholders electing to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares. Shareholders may elect to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares by making a dividend share election up to 13 May 2022. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in cash from 26 May 2022.Cash dividends may be received in Sterling by those shareholders making a dividend currency election up to 13 May 2022. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in U.S. dollars from 26 May 2022.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a closed-ended investment company that invests in a broad range of assets  including public and private equities and credit (including distressed securities and structured credit)  convertible bonds  real estate  venture capital  infrastructure  bank loans and TFG Asset Management  a diversified alternative asset management business. Where appropriate  through TFG Asset Management  Tetragon seeks to own all  or a portion  of asset management companies with which it invests in order to enhance the returns achieved on its capital. Tetragon's investment objective is to generate distributable income and capital appreciation. It aims to provide stable returns to investors across various credit  equity  interest rate  inflation and real estate cycles. The company's non-voting shares are traded on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and on the Specialist Fund Segment of the main market of the London Stock Exchange. For more information please visit the company's website at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon: Yuko Thomas Investor Relations [email protected] Press Inquiries: Prosek Partners [email protected] United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin +1 646 818 9298 +1 646 818 9234 United Kingdom Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell +44 7717 281 665 +44 7940 166 251This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR  and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940 and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.03,negative,0.03,0.39,0.58,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement', 'Dividend', 'United Kingdom Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell', 'United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin', 'diversified alternative asset management business', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Optional Stock Dividend Plan', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. persons', 'alternative investment fund', 'TFG Asset Management', 'asset management companies', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'closed-ended investment company', 'real estate cycles', 'dividend currency election', 'dividend share election', 'investment objective', 'regulated market', 'main market', 'first quarter', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'broad range', 'private equities', 'convertible bonds', 'bank loans', 'distributable income', 'interest rate', 'voting shares', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'UK version', 'UK law', 'European Union', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'Netherlands Authority', 'distressed securities', 'venture capital', 'capital appreciation', 'public register', 'structured credit', 'stable returns', 'Tetragon shares', 'public offer', 'Cash dividends', '27 April', 'Board', 'Directors', 'respect', '2 May', '3 May', 'Payment', 'place', '26 May', 'website', 'tetragoninv', 'information', 'shareholders', 'Sterling', 'assets', 'infrastructure', 'portion', 'order', 'investors', 'equity', 'inflation', 'release', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'Withdrawal', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'addition', 'benefits', 'Section']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,prnewswire.com
3952,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fmc-corporation-announces-election-of-kathy-l-fortmann-to-board-of-directors-301535948.html,FMC Corporation Announces Election of Kathy L. Fortmann to Board of Directors,PHILADELPHIA  April 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- FMC Corporation (NYSE: FMC) announced the election of Kathy L. Fortmann to the company's Board of Directors  effective April 28  2022. She will serve as a member of the Board's Compensation and Organization Committ…,"Fortmann brings extensive experience leading global business operations in industries directly related to agriculture. Her broad career in the European market  where she held leadership roles for several multinational companies  will provide valuable perspectives to the Board and to FMC  which has approximately a quarter of its business in Europe  Middle East and Africa. Furthermore  Fortmann's background related to sustainability and mergers and acquisitions also makes her well qualified to serve on the FMC board. She is the CEO of Acomo Amsterdam Commodities N.V.  a Euronext Amsterdam listed natural food ingredients company. Prior to her current role  she was an executive leader with International Flavors & Fragrances  Inc.  where she led the integration of the company and DuPont's ingredients businesses to form the largest business segment within International Flavors & Fragrances. Earlier in her career  Fortmann held technical  business leadership and executive positions at DuPont  Cargill  Inc.  and Royal FrieslandCampina N.V. She previously served on the Board of Directors of James Finlay Limited.""We are pleased to welcome Kathy to the FMC Board of Directors "" said Mark Douglas  president and chief executive officer of FMC. ""She brings extensive international business experience and broad knowledge of important industries adjacent to agriculture  including food and food ingredients. Her background in M&A  as well as in businesses with strong sustainability practices  will bring important perspectives to our Board. We look forward to her engagement and contributions.""Fortmann commented  ""I am honored to join the FMC board. The company is known for its strong management team  disciplined business strategy  operational excellence and a commitment to sustainability and bringing new technologies to farmers throughout the world. I look forward to working with Mark Douglas and other directors to oversee the company's growth strategy in support of long-term shareholder value.""About FMCFMC Corporation is a global agricultural sciences company dedicated to helping growers produce food  feed  fiber and fuel for an expanding world population while adapting to a changing environment. FMC's innovative crop protection solutions – including biologicals  crop nutrition  digital and precision agriculture – enable growers  crop advisers and turf and pest management professionals to address their toughest challenges economically while protecting the environment. With approximately 6 400 employees at more than 100 sites worldwide  FMC is committed to discovering new herbicide  insecticide and fungicide active ingredients  product formulations and pioneering technologies that are consistently better for the planet. Visit fmc.com to learn more and follow us on LinkedIn® and Twitter®.Statement under the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This release contains forward-looking statements  which are based on management's current views and assumptions regarding future events  future business conditions and the outlook for the company based on currently available information. These statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from any results  levels of activity  performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statement. These factors include  among other things  the risk factors and other cautionary statements included within FMC's 2021 Form 10-K filed with the SEC as well as other SEC filings and public communications. FMC cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date made. Forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the above cautionary statement. FMC undertakes no obligation  and specifically disclaims any duty  to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which they were made  except as otherwise required by law.SOURCE FMC Corporation",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.39,0.24,0.37,True,English,"['Kathy L. Fortmann', 'FMC Corporation', 'Election', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Acomo Amsterdam Commodities N.V.', 'Royal FrieslandCampina N.V.', 'innovative crop protection solutions', 'global agricultural sciences company', 'extensive international business experience', 'natural food ingredients company', 'global business operations', 'several multinational companies', 'James Finlay Limited', 'long-term shareholder value', 'Safe Harbor Provisions', 'fungicide active ingredients', 'largest business segment', 'chief executive officer', 'strong management team', 'pest management professionals', 'technical, business leadership', 'future business conditions', 'expanding world population', 'strong sustainability practices', 'other SEC filings', 'SOURCE FMC Corporation', 'other cautionary statements', 'extensive experience', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'business strategy', 'International Flavors', 'leadership roles', 'other things', 'executive leader', 'executive positions', 'crop advisers', 'ingredients businesses', 'other factors', 'European market', 'valuable perspectives', 'Middle East', 'current role', 'Mark Douglas', 'broad knowledge', 'M&A', 'important perspectives', 'operational excellence', 'new technologies', 'growth strategy', 'toughest challenges', 'new herbicide', 'product formulations', 'pioneering technologies', 'forward-looking statements', 'current views', 'future events', 'available information', 'unknown risks', '2021 Form 10-K', 'public communications', 'undue reliance', 'other directors', 'risk factors', 'broad career', 'important industries', 'changing environment', 'fmc.com', 'actual results', 'precision agriculture', 'FMC board', 'Fortmann', 'quarter', 'Africa', 'background', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'CEO', 'Fragrances', 'integration', 'DuPont', 'Cargill', 'Inc.', 'Kathy', 'president', 'engagement', 'contributions', 'commitment', 'farmers', 'support', 'growers', 'feed', 'fiber', 'fuel', 'biologicals', 'nutrition', 'digital', 'turf', '6,400 employees', '100 sites', 'insecticide', 'planet', 'LinkedIn®', 'Twitter', 'release', 'assumptions', 'outlook', 'uncertainties', 'levels', 'activity', 'performance', 'achievements', 'readers', 'date', 'entirety', 'obligation', 'duty', 'circumstances', 'law']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,prnewswire.com
3953,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.rigzone.com/news/seadrill_scores_again_with_404_mn_deal_for_three_rigs-29-apr-2022-168833-article/,Seadrill Scores Again With $404 Mn Deal For Three Rigs,Seadrill has been awarded contracts for three of its rigs by an undisclosed company for work in the Middle East.,Seadrill has been awarded contracts for three of its rigs by an undisclosed company for work in the Middle East.Offshore driller Seadrill Limited has been awarded contracts for three of its rigs by an undisclosed company for work in the Middle East.Seadrill said that the customer  only described as ‘a leading operator’  awarded contracts for the West Ariel  West Cressida  and West Leda offshore jack-up drilling rigs.According to the company  the firm term of each contract is three years with the expected start between the first and second quarter of 2023. The total contract value for the three contracts is approximately $404 million  inclusive of mobilization revenue.When the three contracts start  Seadrill will operate seven units directly and have a further three units on a bareboat charter in the Middle East. The company added that it had a long successful track record in the Middle East  providing safe and efficient operations since 2013.“With our imminent re-listing in Oslo  news of this award confirms Seadrill’s status as a preferred partner in a rapidly recovering rig market ” Simon Johnson  Seadrill Chief Executive Officer  stated.“Upon commencement of operations early next year  these rigs will add to Seadrill’s strong market share in the Middle East  leading to significant economies of scale by clustering rigs of similar design in a market segment where we see strong signs of recovery and long-term demand ” he said.Neither of the three rigs has been used for a while. The first rig is stationed in the UAE while the West Cressida and West Leda are located in Malaysia.It is worth noting that Seadrill yesterday started trading its common shares on Euronext Expand. The company is expected to uplist to the main market of the Oslo Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange later this year. The relisting of the shares was done some two months after Seadrill emerged from Chapter 11.This is the third time this week the company won deals for its rig. Earlier this week the company announced deals for the West Neptune drillship and the Sevan Louisiana semi-submersible.The West Neptune was awarded a four-well extension with two one-well options with LLOG in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. The firm term will begin in direct continuation of the existing contract  has an estimated duration of 200 days  and is expected to keep the rig busy until August 2023.The deal for the Sevan Louisiana is a three-well extension with Talos  also in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. The extension has a minimum duration of 105 days and is an extension to the existing contract with Talos  which is set to start in August 2022. The total value of the deals for the West Neptune and the Sevan Louisiana is $105 million.A day before those deals were announced  a joint venture between Seadrill and Angola’s Sonangol – Sonadrill – secured a ten-well deal in Angola for the West Gemini drillship. The contract could go on for even more wells as it has options for up to 8 additional wells.To contact the author  email bojan.lepic@rigzone.com,neutral,0.04,0.81,0.15,mixed,0.25,0.46,0.29,True,English,"['$404 Mn Deal', 'Three Rigs', 'Seadrill', 'West Leda offshore jack-up drilling rigs', 'long successful track record', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Offshore driller Seadrill Limited', 'Seadrill Chief Executive Officer', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'U.S. Gulf', 'West Gemini drillship', 'West Neptune drillship', 'The West Neptune', 'strong market share', 'two one-well options', 'recovering rig market', 'total contract value', 'total value', 'West Ariel', 'West Cressida', 'market segment', 'strong signs', 'main market', 'Middle East', 'leading operator', 'firm term', 'three years', 'second quarter', 'mobilization revenue', 'seven units', 'three units', 'bareboat charter', 'imminent re-listing', 'preferred partner', 'Simon Johnson', 'significant economies', 'similar design', 'long-term demand', 'three rigs', 'Euronext Expand', 'Sevan Louisiana', 'direct continuation', 'joint venture', 'existing contract', 'efficient operations', 'common shares', 'four-well extension', 'three-well extension', 'minimum duration', 'ten-well deal', '8 additional wells', 'three contracts', 'undisclosed company', 'first rig', 'work', 'customer', 'start', 'safe', 'news', 'award', 'status', 'commencement', 'scale', 'recovery', 'UAE', 'Malaysia', 'relisting', 'Chapter', 'third', 'deals', 'LLOG', 'Mexico', '200 days', 'August', 'Talos', '105 days', 'Angola', 'Sonangol', 'Sonadrill', 'author', 'bojan', 'lepic', 'rigzone']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,rigzone.com
3954,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cboe-global-markets-reports-results-for-first-quarter-2022-301536027.html,Cboe Global Markets Reports Results for First Quarter 2022,First Quarter Highlights* Diluted EPS for the Quarter of $1.02  Down 20 percent Adjusted Diluted EPS¹ for the Quarter of $1.73  Up 13 percent Net Revenue for the Quarter of $418 million  Up 14 percent Reaffirmed Organic Total Net Revenue Growth2 Target for 20…,"First Quarter Highlights*Diluted EPS for the Quarter of $1.02   Down 20 percentAdjusted Diluted EPS¹ for the Quarter of $1.73   Up 13 percentNet Revenue for the Quarter of $418 million   Up 14 percentReaffirmed Organic Total Net Revenue Growth 2 Target for 2022 of 5 to 7 percentage points ; Increases Data and Access Solutions Organic Net Revenue Growth 2 Target to 8 to 11 percentage points  from 7 to 10 percentage pointsReaffirmed 2022 Adjusted Operating Expense Guidance2 of $617 to $625 millionCHICAGO  April 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Cboe Global Markets  Inc. (Cboe: CBOE) today reported financial results for the first quarter of 2022.""2022 is off to an extraordinary start with Cboe delivering record quarterly results following a record year in 2021. Not only did our core derivatives franchise perform remarkably well during the quarter  but we saw strong contributions from areas like our European cash equities and our Data and Access Solutions businesses  underscoring the power of the flywheel at the heart of Cboe's global value creation model "" said Edward T. Tilly  Cboe Global Markets Chairman  President and Chief Executive Officer. ""These comprehensive results validate the investments we are making across our ecosystem around the globe. Moving forward  we look to build on our strong foundation with the expected close of the NEO and ErisX acquisitions3  expansion of our SPX Weekly Options product suite and continued growth of our European Derivatives platform. There is a tremendous amount of momentum at Cboe  and I am incredibly proud of the Cboe team's ability to deliver on the company's longer-term aspirations.""""Cboe built on the momentum seen in 2021 to deliver another quarter of record earnings to start 2022. The contribution was again balanced across our businesses "" said Brian N. Schell  Cboe Global Markets Executive Vice President  Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. ""Following the strong start to the year  we are reaffirming our full year revenue and expense guidance for 2022 but see potential upside to our revenue expectations given the performance of our growth initiatives and macro trading environment. Furthermore  I am excited to introduce our enhanced reporting structure  with the updated income statement reflecting how we think about our major categories of the business: cash and spot markets  data and access solutions  and derivatives markets. Growth from each was strong in the first quarter with net revenues from derivatives markets1 growing 18%  data and access solutions1 up 18%  and cash and spot markets1 growing 5%. We are off to an incredibly strong start to 2022  and we look forward to investing behind  and building on  the momentum across our ecosystem.""*All comparisons are first quarter 2022 compared to the same period in 2021.(1)A full reconciliation of our non-GAAP results to our GAAP results is included in the attached tables. See ""Non-GAAP Information"" in the accompanying financial tables.(2) Specific quantifications of the amounts that would be required to reconcile the company's organic growth guidance  adjusted operating expenses guidance and the effective tax rate on adjusted earnings guidance are not available. The company believes that there is uncertainty and unpredictability with respect to certain of its GAAP measures  primarily related to acquisition-related revenues and expenses that would be required to reconcile to GAAP revenues less costs of revenues  GAAP operating expenses and GAAP effective tax rate  which preclude the company from providing accurate guidance on certain forward-looking GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. The company believes that providing estimates of the amounts that would be required to reconcile the range of the company's organic growth  adjusted operating expenses and the effective tax rate on adjusted earnings would imply a degree of precision that would be confusing or misleading to investors for the reasons identified above.(3) ErisX is expected to close in the second quarter of this year  subject to customary closing conditions  and NEO is expected to close in the second or third quarter of the year  subject to regulatory review and other customary closing conditions.Consolidated First Quarter Results -Table 1Table 1 below presents summary selected unaudited condensed consolidated financial information for the company as reported and on an adjusted basis for the three months ended March 31  2022 and 2021.Table 1 Consolidated First Quarter Results1Q221Q21($ in millions except per share)1Q221Q21 ChangeAdjusted1Adjusted1 Change Total Revenues Less Cost of Revenues$ 418.1$ 365.514 %$ 418.1$ 365.514 % Total Operating Expenses$ 178.4$ 160.911 %$ 145.8$ 124.617 % Operating Income$ 239.7$ 204.617 %$ 272.3$ 240.913 % Operating Margin %57.3 %56.0 % 1.3 pp65.1 %65.9 % (0.8) pp Net Income Allocated to Common Stockholders$ 109.2$ 136.8(20) %$ 184.3$ 164.812 % Diluted EPS$ 1.02$ 1.27(20) %$ 1.73$ 1.5313 % EBITDA1$ 276.2$ 246.812 %$ 281.2$ 250.212 % EBITDA Margin % 166.1 %67.5 % (1.4) pp67.3 %68.5 % (1.2) ppTotal revenues less cost of revenues (referred to as ""net revenue"") of $418.1 million increased 14 percent  compared to $365.5 million in the prior-year period  reflecting increases in net transaction and clearing fees 1 and access and capacity fees. Inorganic net revenue 1 in the first quarter of 2022 was $8.4 million .increased 14 percent  compared to in the prior-year period  reflecting increases in net transaction and clearing fees and access and capacity fees. Inorganic net revenue in the first quarter of 2022 was . Total operating expenses were $178.4 million versus $160.9 million in the first quarter of 2021. Adjusted operating expenses¹ of $145.8 million increased 17 percent compared to $124.6 million in the first quarter of 2021  primarily due to the acquisition of Cboe Asia Pacific (formerly Chi-X Asia Pacific)  which closed on July 1  2021   as well as an increase in salaries and wages resulting in higher compensation and benefits. Additionally  professional fees and outside services increased compared to the first quarter of 2021 primarily due to higher legal fees.versus in the first quarter of 2021. Adjusted operating expenses¹ of increased 17 percent compared to in the first quarter of 2021  primarily due to the acquisition of Cboe Asia Pacific (formerly Chi-X Asia Pacific)  which closed on   as well as an increase in salaries and wages resulting in higher compensation and benefits. Additionally  professional fees and outside services increased compared to the first quarter of 2021 primarily due to higher legal fees. The effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2022 was 51.3 percent (29.9 percent excluding Section 199 related matters 1 ) compared with 28.9 percent in the first quarter of 2021. The increase was primarily due to the unfavorable decision rendered by the Tax Court in our Section 199 matter. The effective tax rate on adjusted earnings 1 was 29.0 percent compared with 27.9 percent in last year's first quarter. The higher effective tax rate in the first quarter of 2022 was primarily due to changes in income tax reserves.) compared with 28.9 percent in the first quarter of 2021. The increase was primarily due to the unfavorable decision rendered by the Tax Court in our Section 199 matter. The effective tax rate on adjusted earnings was 29.0 percent compared with 27.9 percent in last year's first quarter. The higher effective tax rate in the first quarter of 2022 was primarily due to changes in income tax reserves. Diluted EPS for the first quarter of 2022 decreased 20 percent to $1.02 primarily due to $48.5 million of additional tax reserves  primarily related to Section 199 litigation. Adjusted diluted EPS1 of $1.73 increased 13 percent compared to 2021's first quarter results.Business Segment Information:Table 2 Total Revenues Less Cost of Revenues byBusiness Segment(in millions)1Q22 1Q21 Change Options$ 219.2$ 181.721 % North American Equities93.196.1(3) % Europe and Asia Pacific57.542.137 % Futures31.230.62 % Global FX17.114.716 % Corporate—0.3(100) % Total$ 418.1$ 365.514 %(1) A full reconciliation of our non-GAAP results to our GAAP results is included in the attached tables. See ""Non-GAAP Information"" in the accompanying financial tables.Discussion of Results by Business Segment:Options:Options net revenue of $219.2 million was up $37.5 million   or 21 percent  from the first quarter of 2021  due to double-digit increases in net transaction and clearing fees 1   access and capacity fees  and market data. Net transaction and clearing fees increased primarily as a result of a 27 percent increase in Index options trading volumes versus the first quarter of 2021  along with a 7 percent increase in Index options revenue per contract (""RPC"") for the quarter. Access and capacity fees were 22 percent higher than first quarter 2021 and market data fees increased by 26 percent.was up   or 21 percent  from the first quarter of 2021  due to double-digit increases in net transaction and clearing fees   access and capacity fees  and market data. Net transaction and clearing fees increased primarily as a result of a 27 percent increase in Index options trading volumes versus the first quarter of 2021  along with a 7 percent increase in Index options revenue per contract (""RPC"") for the quarter. Access and capacity fees were 22 percent higher than first quarter 2021 and market data fees increased by 26 percent. Net transaction and clearing fees 1 increased $36.8 million   or 27 percent  reflecting a 6 percent increase in total options average daily volume (""ADV"") and a 18 percent increase in total options RPC compared to the first quarter 2021. The increase in total options RPC was due to a mix shift  with Index options representing a higher percentage of total options volume. The RPC for Index options increased 7 percent as SPX options accounted for a higher percentage of Index options volume.increased   or 27 percent  reflecting a 6 percent increase in total options average daily volume (""ADV"") and a 18 percent increase in total options RPC compared to the first quarter 2021. The increase in total options RPC was due to a mix shift  with Index options representing a higher percentage of total options volume. The RPC for Index options increased 7 percent as SPX options accounted for a higher percentage of Index options volume. Cboe's Options business had total market share of 31.5 percent for the first quarter of 2022 compared to 30.2 percent in the first quarter of 2021  primarily reflecting an increase in Cboe's multi-listed options market share for the quarter of 27.4 percent compared to 26.9 percent in the first quarter of 2021.North American (N.A.) Equities:N.A. Equities net revenue of $93.1 million was down $3.0 million   or 3 percent  primarily due to lower transaction and clearing fees and lower market data fees. Year-over-year growth in access and capacity fees helped offset some of the declines in the segment. Transaction and clearing fees were impacted by lower industry volumes compared to outsized activity in the first quarter of 2021. RPC increased by 8 percent compared to first quarter 2021 given a lower percentage of low-priced retail trading in the first quarter of 2022.was down   or 3 percent  primarily due to lower transaction and clearing fees and lower market data fees. Year-over-year growth in access and capacity fees helped offset some of the declines in the segment. Transaction and clearing fees were impacted by lower industry volumes compared to outsized activity in the first quarter of 2021. RPC increased by 8 percent compared to first quarter 2021 given a lower percentage of low-priced retail trading in the first quarter of 2022. Cboe U.S. Equities exchanges had market share of 14.3 percent for the first quarter of 2022 compared to 15.0 percent in the first quarter of 2021.Europe and Asia Pacific:Europe and Asia Pacific net revenue of $57.5 million increased by 37 percent  reflecting growth in European equities and clearing  and the addition of Cboe Asia Pacific in July 2021   which contributed $8.4 million in net revenue. European Equities average daily notional value (""ADNV"") for the overall market was up 31 percent during the quarter and ADNV traded on Cboe European Equities was €12.8 billion  up 71 percent from last year's first quarter. Net capture decreased 18 percent for the quarter  reflecting the strongest gains coming in Lit market share  outpacing solid activity in higher-margin Cboe BIDS Europe and Periodic Auction services  as well as the impact of volume tier pricing given the higher volumes and market share.and net revenue of increased by 37 percent  reflecting growth in European equities and clearing  and the addition of Cboe Asia Pacific in   which contributed in net revenue. European Equities average daily notional value (""ADNV"") for the overall market was up 31 percent during the quarter and ADNV traded on Cboe European Equities was €12.8 billion  up 71 percent from last year's first quarter. Net capture decreased 18 percent for the quarter  reflecting the strongest gains coming in Lit market share  outpacing solid activity in higher-margin Cboe BIDS Europe and Periodic Auction services  as well as the impact of volume tier pricing given the higher volumes and market share. For the first quarter of 2022  Cboe European Equities had 21.8 percent market share  up from 16.8 percent in the first quarter of 2021  as a result of positive momentum across all orderbooks  with a particular strength in Lit markets.Futures:Futures net revenue of $31.2 million increased $0.6 million   or 2 percent  due to slight increases in net transaction and clearing fees 1   access and capacity fees  and market data.increased   or 2 percent  due to slight increases in net transaction and clearing fees   access and capacity fees  and market data. Net transaction and clearing fees¹ increased $0.2 million   or 1 percent  reflecting relatively flat ADV and RPC.Global FX:Global FX net revenue of $17.1 million increased 16 percent  primarily as a result of higher net transaction and clearing fees¹. ADNV traded on the Cboe FX platform was $42.0 billion for the quarter  up 13 percent compared to last year's first quarter and net capture per one million dollars traded was $2.67 for the quarter  up 1 percent compared to $2.65 in the first quarter of 2021.increased 16 percent  primarily as a result of higher net transaction and clearing fees¹. ADNV traded on the Cboe FX platform was for the quarter  up 13 percent compared to last year's first quarter and net capture per traded was for the quarter  up 1 percent compared to in the first quarter of 2021. Cboe FX market share was 17.3 percent for the quarter compared to 16.5 percent in last year's first quarter.(1)A full reconciliation of our non-GAAP results to our GAAP results is included in the attached tables. See ""Non-GAAP Information"" in the accompanying financial tables.Income Statement Presentation EnhancementBeginning in the first quarter of 2022  Cboe updated the financial statement captions within its condensed consolidated statements of income for both periods presented to better reflect the company's diversified products  expansive geographical reach  and overall business strategy. Below is a summary of the changes to the financial statement captions. The changes do not have a financial impact on Cboe's reported revenue  revenues less cost of revenues  reported net income  or cash flows from operations.RevenuesCash and spot markets – includes associated transaction and clearing fees  the portion of market data fees relating to associated U.S. tape plan market data fees  associated regulatory fees  and associated other revenue from Cboe's North American Equities  Europe and Asia Pacific   and Global FX segments.and   and Global FX segments. Data and access solutions – includes access and capacity fees  proprietary market data fees  and associated other revenue across Cboe's five segments.Derivatives markets – includes associated transaction and clearing fees  the portion of market data fees relating to associated U.S. tape plan market data fees  associated regulatory fees  and associated other revenue from Cboe's Options  Futures  and Europe and Asia Pacific segments.Cost of RevenuesRoyalty fees and other cost of revenues – includes royalty fees and other cost of revenues across Cboe's five segments.The corresponding changes have been made to prior periods to conform to the current presentation.2022 Fiscal Year Financial GuidanceCboe provided guidance for the 2022 fiscal year as noted below. Unless explicitly noted below  this guidance does not take into account the company's planned acquisitions of ErisX (which is expected to close in the second quarter of this year  subject to customary closing conditions) and NEO  (expected to close in the second or third quarter of the year  subject to regulatory review and other customary closing conditions). The company plans to further update its guidance for 2022 after the acquisitions close.Reaffirmed total organic net revenue growth 1 is expected to be in the range of 5 to 7 percentage points in 2022.is expected to be in the range of 5 to 7 percentage points in 2022. Revenue from acquisitions held less than a year 1 is now expected to contribute total net revenue growth in a range of 2 to 3 percentage points in 2022  up from previous guidance of 1 to 3 percentage points.is now expected to contribute total net revenue growth in a range of 2 to 3 percentage points in 2022  up from previous guidance of 1 to 3 percentage points. Organic net revenue 1 from Data and Access Solutions is now expected to increase by approximately 8 to 11 percent in 2022  from a base of $419 million in 2021  up from previous guidance of 7 to 10 percent.from Data and Access Solutions is now expected to increase by approximately 8 to 11 percent in 2022  from a base of in 2021  up from previous guidance of 7 to 10 percent. Reaffirmed adjusted operating expenses 1 in 2022 are expected to be in the range of $617 to $625 million   from a base of $531 million in 2021. The 2022 guidance considers incremental investment spend in technology and headcount to support Cboe's numerous growth initiatives  deals closed during 2021 but not fully reflected in the 2021 cost base  and increases in core expenses. The guidance excludes the expected amortization of acquired intangible assets of $116 million ; the company plans to reflect the exclusion of this amount in its non-GAAP reconciliation. 1in 2022 are expected to be in the range of to   from a base of in 2021. The 2022 guidance considers incremental investment spend in technology and headcount to support Cboe's numerous growth initiatives  deals closed during 2021 but not fully reflected in the 2021 cost base  and increases in core expenses. The guidance excludes the expected amortization of acquired intangible assets of ; the company plans to reflect the exclusion of this amount in its non-GAAP reconciliation. While not included in our formal 2022 expense guidance range of $617 to $625 million   we believe the pending acquisitions of ErisX and NEO now have the potential to add an incremental $30 to $35 million of expenses in 2022  contingent on the timing of closings which are subject to customary closing conditions. We continue to anticipate a potential revenue offset for more than half of the expenses in year one  with an expectation that the additions are EBITDA positive on a combined basis in year two.Reaffirmed depreciation and amortization expense for 2022  which is included in adjusted operating expenses above  is expected to be in the range of $40 to $44 million   excluding the expected amortization of acquired intangible assets.to   excluding the expected amortization of acquired intangible assets. Reaffirmed the effective tax rate 1 on adjusted earnings for the full year 2022 is expected to be in the range of 27.5 to 29.5 percent. Significant changes in trading volume  expenses  tax laws or rates and other items could materially impact this expectation.on adjusted earnings for the full year 2022 is expected to be in the range of 27.5 to 29.5 percent. Significant changes in trading volume  expenses  tax laws or rates and other items could materially impact this expectation. Reaffirmed capital expenditures for 2022 are expected to be in the range of $47 to $52 million .(1) Specific quantifications of the amounts that would be required to reconcile the company's organic and inorganic growth guidance  adjusted operating expenses guidance and the effective tax rate on adjusted earnings guidance are not available. The company believes that there is uncertainty and unpredictability with respect to certain of its GAAP measures  primarily related to acquisition-related revenues and expenses that would be required to reconcile to GAAP revenues less costs of revenues  GAAP operating expenses and GAAP effective tax rate  which preclude the company from providing accurate guidance on certain forward-looking GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. The company believes that providing estimates of the amounts that would be required to reconcile the range of the company's organic growth  adjusted operating expenses and the effective tax rate on adjusted earnings would imply a degree of precision that would be confusing or misleading to investors for the reasons identified above.Capital ManagementAt March 31  2022  the company had adjusted cash1 of $660.0 million. Total debt as of March 31  2022 was $1 593.6 million.The company paid cash dividends of $51.4 million  or $0.48 per share  during the first quarter of 2022 and utilized $70.0 million to repurchase 0.6 million shares of its common stock under its share repurchase program at an average price of $117.25 per share. As of March 31  2022  the company had approximately $248.9 million of availability remaining under its existing share repurchase authorizations.Earnings Conference CallExecutives of Cboe Global Markets will host a conference call to review its first-quarter financial results today  April 29  2022  at 8:30 a.m. ET/7:30 a.m. CT. The conference call and any accompanying slides will be publicly available via live webcast from the Investor Relations section of the company's website at www.cboe.com under Events & Presentations. Participants may also listen via telephone by dialing (877) 255–4313 from the United States  (866) 450–4696 from Canada or (412) 317–5466 for international callers. Telephone participants should place calls 10 minutes prior to the start of the call. The webcast will be archived on the company's website for replay. A telephone replay of the earnings call also will be available from approximately 11:00 a.m. CT  April 29  2022  through 11:00 p.m. CT  May 6  2022  by calling (877) 344–7529 from the U.S.  (855) 669–9658 from Canada or (412) 317–0088 for international callers  using replay code 10160639.(1) A full reconciliation of our non-GAAP results to our GAAP results is included in the attached tables. See ""Non-GAAP Information"" in the accompanying financial tables.About Cboe Global MarketsCboe Global Markets (Cboe: CBOE)  a leading provider of market infrastructure and tradable products  delivers cutting-edge trading  clearing and investment solutions to market participants around the world. The Company is committed to operating a trusted  inclusive global marketplace  and to providing leading products  technology and data solutions that enable participants to define a sustainable financial future. Cboe provides trading solutions and products in multiple asset classes  including equities  derivatives and FX  across North America  Europe  and Asia Pacific. To learn more  visit www.cboe.com.Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking InformationThis press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as ""may "" ""might "" ""should "" ""expect "" ""plan "" ""anticipate "" ""believe "" ""estimate "" ""predict "" ""potential"" or ""continue "" and the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. All statements that reflect our expectations  assumptions or projections about the future other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements  which are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and assumptions about us  may include projections of our future financial performance based on our growth strategies and anticipated trends in our business. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. There are important factors that could cause our actual results  level of activity  performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time  and it is not possible to predict all risks and uncertainties  nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include: the loss of our right to exclusively list and trade certain index options and futures products; economic  political and market conditions; compliance with legal and regulatory obligations; price competition and consolidation in our industry; decreases in trading or clearing volumes  market data fees or a shift in the mix of products traded on our exchanges; legislative or regulatory changes or changes in tax regimes; our ability to protect our systems and communication networks from security risks  cybersecurity risks  insider threats and unauthorized disclosure of confidential information; our ability to attract and retain skilled management and other personnel; increasing competition by foreign and domestic entities; our dependence on and exposure to risk from third parties; fluctuations to currency exchange rates; factors that impact the quality and integrity of our indices; the impact of the novel coronavirus (""COVID-19"") pandemic; our ability to operate our business without violating the intellectual property rights of others and the costs associated with protecting our intellectual property rights; our ability to minimize the risks  including our credit and default risks  associated with operating a European clearinghouse; our ability to accommodate trading and clearing volume and transaction traffic  including significant increases  without failure or degradation of performance of our systems; misconduct by those who use our markets or our products or for whom we clear transactions; challenges to our use of open source software code; our ability to meet our compliance obligations  including managing potential conflicts between our regulatory responsibilities and our for-profit status; our ability to maintain BIDS Trading as an independently managed and operated trading venue  separate from and not integrated with our registered national securities exchanges; damage to our reputation; the ability of our compliance and risk management methods to effectively monitor and manage our risks; our ability to manage our growth and strategic acquisitions or alliances effectively; restrictions imposed by our debt obligations and our ability to make payments on or refinance our debt obligations; our ability to maintain an investment grade credit rating; impairment of our goodwill  long-lived assets  investments or intangible assets; the accuracy of our estimates and expectations; litigation risks and other liabilities; and if the acquisition of ErisX is consummated  operating a digital asset business. More detailed information about factors that may affect our actual results to differ may be found in our filings with the SEC  including in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021 and other filings made from time to time with the SEC.We do not undertake  and we expressly disclaim  any duty to update any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by law. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date hereof.The condensed consolidated statements of income and balance sheets are unaudited and subject to reclassification.CBOE-FTrademarks:Cboe®  Cboe Global Markets®  Cboe Volatility Index®  Bats®  BIDS Trading®  BZX®  BYX®  Chi-X®  EDGX®  EDGA®  EuroCCP®  MATCHNow®  and VIX® are registered trademarks of Cboe Global Markets  Inc. and its subsidiaries. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.Cboe Global Markets  Inc. Key Performance Statistics by Business Segment1Q 2022 4Q 2021 3Q 2021 2Q 2021 1Q 2021 OptionsTotal industry ADV (in thousands)42 46440 79437 54836 44241 974Total company Options ADV (in thousands)13 39212 69411 76411 09212 681Multi-listed options10 97810 5279 7949 25410 779Index options2 4142 1671 9701 8381 902Total Options market share31.5 %31.1 %31.3 %30.4 %30.2 % Multi-listed options27.4 %27.3 %27.6 %26.8 %26.9 % Index options99.1 %98.6 %98.4 %98.7 %99.0 % Total Options RPC:$ 0.210$ 0.199$ 0.200$ 0.192$ 0.177Multi-listed options$ 0.067$ 0.066$ 0.069$ 0.067$ 0.067Index options$ 0.857$ 0.845$ 0.850$ 0.823$ 0.803North American EquitiesU.S. Equities - Exchange:Total industry ADV (shares in billions)12.910.89.810.514.7Market share %14.3 %13.3 %14.0 %14.3 %15.0 % Net capture (per 100 touched shares)$ 0.017$ 0.025$ 0.020$ 0.020$ 0.015U.S. Equities - Off-Exchange:ADV (touched shares  in millions)108.584.273.075.899.5Off-Exchange ATS Block Market Share % (reported on a two-month lag)23.9 %22.5 %22.9 %21.8 %21.9 % Net capture (per 100 touched shares)$ 0.117$ 0.115$ 0.122$ 0.123$ 0.121Canadian Equities:ADV (matched shares  in millions)41.141.337.847.471.4Total market share %3.2 %3.3 %3.4 %3.4 %3.1 % Market share % - TSX listed volume4.3 %4.7 %4.7 %4.9 %4.6 % Net capture (per 10 000 shares  in Canadian Dollars)$ 9.131$ 8.475$ 8.342$ 7.782$ 7.184Europe and Asia PacificEuropean Equities:Total industry ADNV (Euros - in billions)€ 58.7€ 44.0€ 39.6€ 42.0€ 44.8Market share %21.8 %19.8 %18.2 %17.4 %16.8 % Net capture (bps)€ 0.233€ 0.256€ 0.264€ 0.267€ 0.284EuroCCP:Trades cleared (in thousands)454 437.8345 074.8306 085.2294 801.9298 223.5Fee per trade cleared€ 0.009€ 0.011€ 0.010€ 0.011€ 0.011Net settlement volume (shares in thousands)2 802.12 664.92 484.12 367.32 423.2Net fee per settlement€ 0.924€ 0.860€ 0.869€ 0.893€ 0.865Australian Equities:ADNV (AUD billions)$ 0.9$ 0.8$ 0.8N/AN/AMarket share - Continuous15.8 %16.1 %15.7 %N/AN/ANet capture (per matched notional value (bps))$ 0.173$ 0.171$ 0.173N/AN/AJapanese Equities:ADNV (JPY billions)¥ 164.6¥ 111.4¥ 88.7N/AN/AMarket share - Lit Continuous3.8 %2.9 %2.4 %N/AN/ANet capture (per matched notional value (bps))¥ 0.228¥ 0.358¥ 0.364N/AN/AFuturesADV (in thousands)254230223214256RPC$ 1.637$ 1.651$ 1.626$ 1.648$ 1.639Global FXSpot market share %17.3 %16.8 %17.0 %16.3 %16.5 % ADNV ($ in billions)$ 42.0$ 33.7$ 32.4$ 32.5$ 37.1Net capture (per one million dollars traded)$ 2.67$ 2.77$ 2.77$ 2.71$ 2.65ADV = average daily volume; ADNV = average daily notional value.RPC  average revenue per contract  for options and futures represents total net transaction fees recognized for the period divided by total contracts traded during the period.Touched volume represents the total number of shares of equity securities and ETFs internally matched on our exchanges or routed to and executed on an external market center.Matched volume represents the total number of shares of equity securities and ETFs executed on our exchanges.U.S. Equities - Exchange  ""net capture per 100 touched shares"" refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments and routing and clearing costs divided by the product of one-hundredth ADV of touched shares on BZX  BYX  EDGX and EDGA and the number of trading days. U.S. Equities – Off-Exchange data reflects BIDS Trading. For U.S. Equities – Off-Exchange  ""net capture per 100 touched shares"" refers to transaction fees less order and execution management system (OMS/EMS) fees and clearing costs divided by the product of one-hundredth ADV of touched shares on BIDS Trading and the number of trading days for the period.Canadian Equities  ""net capture per 10 000 shares"" refers to transaction fees divided by the product of one-ten thousandth ADV of shares for MATCHNow and the number of trading days. Total market share represents MATCHNow volume divided by the total volume of the Canadian Equities market. TSX listed volume market share represents MATCHNow volume divided by the total volume in TSX listed equities.European Equities  ""net capture per matched notional value"" refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments in British pounds divided by the product of ADNV in British pounds of shares matched on Cboe Europe Equities and the number of trading days. ""Trades cleared"" refers to the total number of non-interoperable trades cleared  ""Fee per trade cleared"" refers to clearing fees divided by number of non-interoperable trades cleared  ""Net settlement volume"" refers to the total number of settlements executed after netting  and ""Net fee per settlement"" refers to settlement fees less direct costs incurred to settle divided by the number of settlements executed after netting. Asia Pacific data reflects the acquisition of Cboe Asia Pacific (formerly Chi-X Asia Pacific) effective July 1  2021. Australian Equities ""Net capture per matched notional value"" refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments in Australian dollars divided by the product of ADNV in Australian dollars of shares matched on Cboe Australia and the number of Australian Equities trading days. Japanese Equities ""Net capture per matched notional value"" refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments in Japanese Yen divided by the product of ADNV in Japanese Yen of shares matched on Cboe Japan and the number of Japanese Equities trading days.Global FX  ""net capture per one million dollars traded"" refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments  if any  divided by the Spot and SEF products of one-thousandth of ADNV traded on the Cboe FX Markets and the number of trading days  divided by two  which represents the buyer and seller that are both charged on the transaction. Market Share represents Cboe FX volume divided by the total volume of publicly reporting spot FX venues (Cboe FX  EBS  Refinitiv  and Euronext FX).Average transaction fees per contract can be affected by various factors  including exchange fee rates  volume-based discounts and transaction mix by contract type and product type.Cboe Global Markets  Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) Three Months Ended March 31  2022 and 2021Three Months Ended March 31  (in millions  except per share amounts)20222021 Revenue:Cash and spot markets$ 461.9$ 548.9 Data and access solutions118.9100.6 Derivatives markets393.7361.3 Total Revenues974.51 010.8 Cost of Revenues:Liquidity payments467.5501.8 Routing and clearing22.327.1 Section 31 fees35.791.9 Royalty fees26.320.3 Other cost of revenues4.64.2 Total Cost of Revenues556.4645.3 Revenues Less Cost of Revenues418.1365.5 Operating Expenses:Compensation and benefits81.272.3 Depreciation and amortization40.942.0 Technology support services19.217.2 Professional fees and outside services19.715.6 Travel and promotional expenses2.91.6 Facilities costs6.55.3 Acquisition-related costs2.03.4 Other expenses6.03.5 Total Operating Expenses178.4160.9 Operating Income239.7204.6 Non-operating (Expenses) Income:Interest expense  net(10.8)(12.3) Other (expense) income  net(4.0)0.6 Total Non-operating Expenses(14.8)(11.7) Income Before Income Tax Provision224.9192.9 Income tax provision115.355.7 Net Income109.6137.2 Net income allocated to participating securities(0.4)(0.4) Net Income Allocated to Common Stockholders$ 109.2$ 136.8 Net Income Per Share Allocated to Common Stockholders:Basic earnings per share$ 1.02$ 1.27 Diluted earnings per share1.021.27 Weighted average shares used in computing income per share:Basic106.6107.3 Diluted106.8107.4Cboe Global Markets  Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) March 31  2022 and 2021March 31 December 31  (in millions)20222021 AssetsCurrent Assets:Cash and cash equivalents$ 659.4$ 341.9 Financial investments48.737.1 Accounts receivable  net380.3326.9 Margin deposits and clearing funds1 810.3745.9 Income taxes receivable—42.7 Other current assets36.536.8 Total Current Assets2 935.21 531.3Investments244.5245.8 Land2.32.3 Property and equipment  net106.7105.2 Operating lease right of use assets122.5110.1 Goodwill3 018.13 025.4 Intangible assets  net1 628.61 668.6 Other assets  net140.2125.8 Total Assets$ 8 198.1$ 6 814.5Liabilities and Stockholders' EquityCurrent Liabilities:Accounts payable and accrued liabilities$ 387.1$ 295.4 Section 31 fees payable36.240.8 Deferred revenue26.415.2 Margin deposits and clearing funds1 810.3745.9 Income taxes payable32.58.2 Current portion of contingent consideration liabilities48.663.8 Total Current Liabilities2 341.11 169.3Long-term debt1 593.61 299.3 Unrecognized tax benefits163.0197.9 Deferred income taxes352.4372.7 Non-current operating lease liabilities141.3129.2 Contingent consideration liabilities4.76.7 Other non-current liabilities34.734.6 Total Liabilities4 630.83 209.7Stockholders' Equity:Preferred stock—— Common stock1.11.1 Treasury stock at cost(185.2)(106.8) Additional paid-in capital1 518.61 509.4 Retained earnings2 203.72 145.5 Accumulated other comprehensive income  net29.155.6 Total Stockholders' Equity3 567.33 604.8Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity$ 8 198.1$ 6 814.5Non-GAAP InformationIn addition to disclosing results determined in accordance with GAAP  Cboe Global Markets has disclosed certain non-GAAP measures of operating performance. These measures are not in accordance with  or a substitute for  GAAP  and may be different from or inconsistent with non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. The non-GAAP measures provided in this press release include net transaction and clearing fees  adjusted operating expenses  adjusted operating income  organic net revenue  inorganic net revenue  adjusted operating margin  adjusted net income allocated to common stockholders and adjusted diluted earnings per share  effective tax rate on adjusted earnings  adjusted cash  EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin.Management believes that the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this press release  including adjusted operating income  organic net revenue and adjusted operating expenses  provide additional and comparative information to assess trends in our core operations and a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. Non-GAAP financial measures disclosed by management are provided as additional information to investors in order to provide them with an alternative method for assessing our financial condition and operating results.Organic net revenue  inorganic net revenue  organic non-transaction revenue and organic net revenue guidance: These are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude or have otherwise been adjusted for the impact of our acquisitions for the period or guidance  as applicable. Management believes the organic net revenue growth and guidance measures provide users with supplemental information regarding the company's ongoing and future potential revenue performances and trends by presenting revenue growth and guidance excluding the impact of the acquisitions. Revenues from acquisitions that have been owned for at least one year are considered organic and are no longer excluded from organic net revenue from either period for comparative purposes.Amortization expense of acquired intangible assets: We amortize intangible assets acquired in connection with various acquisitions. Amortization of intangible assets is inconsistent in amount and frequency and is significantly affected by the timing and size of our acquisitions. As such  if intangible asset amortization is included in performance measures  it is more difficult to assess the day-to-day operating performance of the businesses  the relative operating performance of the businesses between periods and the earnings power of the company. Therefore  we believe performance measures excluding intangible asset amortization expense provide investors with an additional basis for comparison across accounting periods.Acquisition-related expenses: From time to time  we have pursued acquisitions  which have resulted in expenses which would not otherwise have been incurred in the normal course of the company's business operations. These expenses include integration costs  as well as legal  due diligence and other third-party transaction costs. The frequency and the amount of such expenses vary significantly based on the size  timing and complexity of the transaction. Accordingly  we exclude these costs for purposes of calculating non-GAAP measures which provide an additional analysis of Cboe's ongoing operating performance or comparisons in Cboe's performance between periods.The tables below show the reconciliation of each financial measure from GAAP to non-GAAP. The non-GAAP financial measures exclude the impact of those items detailed below and are referred to as adjusted financial measures.Organic Net Revenue ReconciliationTable 3Three Months Ended(in millions)March 31 Reconciliation of Revenue Less Cost of Revenue to Organic Net Revenue20222021Revenues less cost of revenues (net revenue)$ 418.1$ 365.5Less acquisitions:Acquisition revenue less cost of revenues (inorganic net revenue)$ (8.4)$ —Organic net revenue$ 409.7$ 365.5Reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP InformationThree Months EndedTable 4March 31 (in millions  except per share amounts)20222021Reconciliation of Net Income Allocated to Common Stockholders to Non-GAAP (As shown on Table 1)Net income allocated to common stockholders$ 109.2$ 136.8Non-GAAP adjustmentsAcquisition-related expenses (1)2.03.4Investment establishment costs (2)3.0—Amortization of acquired intangible assets (3)30.632.9Total Non-GAAP adjustments35.636.3Income tax expense related to the items above(8.7)(8.2)Tax reserves (4)48.5—Net income allocated to participating securities - effect on reconciling items(0.3)(0.1)Adjusted net income allocated to common stockholders$ 184.3$ 164.8Reconciliation of Diluted EPS to Non-GAAPDiluted earnings per common share$ 1.02$ 1.27Per share impact of non-GAAP adjustments noted above0.710.26Adjusted diluted earnings per common share$ 1.73$ 1.53Reconciliation of Operating Margin to Non-GAAPRevenue less cost of revenue$ 418.1$ 365.5Non-GAAP adjustments noted above——Adjusted revenue less cost of revenue$ 418.1$ 365.5Operating expenses (5)$ 178.4$ 160.9Non-GAAP adjustments noted above32.636.3Adjusted operating expenses$ 145.8$ 124.6Operating income$ 239.7$ 204.6Non-GAAP adjustments noted above32.636.3Adjusted operating income$ 272.3$ 240.9Adjusted operating margin (6)65.1 %65.9 %Reconciliation of Income Tax Rate to Non-GAAPIncome before income taxes224.9192.9Non-GAAP adjustments noted above35.636.3Adjusted income before income taxes$ 260.5$ 229.2Income tax expense115.355.7Non-GAAP adjustments noted above(39.8)8.2Adjusted income tax expense$ 75.5$ 63.9Adjusted income tax rate29.0 %27.9 %(1) This amount includes professional fees and outside services and impairment charges related to the company's acquisitions. (2) This amount represents the investment establishment costs related to the company's investment in 7RIDGE Investments 3 LP  which acquired Trading Technologies  Inc. (3) This amount represents the amortization of acquired intangible assets related to the company's acquisitions. (4) This amount represents the tax reserves related to Section 199 matters. (5) The company sponsors deferred compensation plans held in a trust. The expenses or income related to the deferred compensation plans are included in ""Compensation and benefits"" ($0.6 million and $0.4 million in expense for the three months ended March 31  2022 and 2021  respectively)  and are directly offset by deferred compensation income  expenses and dividends included within ""Other income  net"" ($0.6 million and $0.4 million in income  expense and dividends in the three months ended March 31  2022 and 2021  respectively  on the condensed consolidated statements of income. The deferred compensation plans' expenses are not excluded from ""adjusted operating expenses"" and do not have an impact on ""Income before income taxes."" (6) Adjusted operating margin represents adjusted operating income divided by adjusted revenue less cost of revenue.EBITDA ReconciliationsEBITDA (earnings before interest  income taxes  depreciation and amortization) and Adjusted EBITDA are widely used non-GAAP financial measures of operating performance. EBITDA margin represents EBITDA divided by revenues less cost of revenues (net revenue). It is presented as supplemental information that the company believes is useful to investors to evaluate its results because it excludes certain items that are not directly related to the company's core operating performance. EBITDA is calculated by adding back to net income interest expense  income tax expense  depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by adding back to EBITDA acquisition-related expenses and investment establishment costs. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as substitutes either for net income  as an indicator of the company's operating performance  or for cash flow  as a measure of the company's liquidity. In addition  because EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA may not be calculated identically by all companies  the presentation here may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. Adjusted EBITDA margin represents Adjusted EBITDA divided by net revenue.Table 5Three Months Ended(in millions  except percentages)March 31 Reconciliation of Net Income Allocated to Common Stockholders to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA (Per Table 1)20222021Net income allocated to common stockholders$ 109.2$ 136.8Interest expense  net10.812.3Income tax provision115.355.7Depreciation and amortization40.942.0EBITDA$ 276.2$ 246.8EBITDA Margin66.1 %67.5 %Non-GAAP adjustments not included in above line itemsAcquisition-related expenses2.03.4Investment establishment costs3.0—Adjusted EBITDA$ 281.2$ 250.2Adjusted EBITDA Margin67.3 %68.5 %Table 6(in millions)March 31 December 31 Reconciliation of Cash and cash equivalents to Adjusted Cash20222021Cash and cash equivalents$ 659.4$ 341.9Financial investments48.737.1Less deferred compensation plan assets(27.4)(28.0)Less cash collected for Section 31 Fees(20.7)(25.9)Adjusted Cash$ 660.0$ 325.1Table 7(in millions)Reconciliation of Net Transaction and Clearing Fees by Business Segment –Three Months Ended March 31  2022 and 2021ConsolidatedOptionsN.A. EquitiesEurope and Asia PacificFuturesGlobal FXThree Months EndedThree Months EndedThree Months EndedThree Months EndedThree Months EndedThree Months EndedMarch 31 March 31 March 31 March 31 March 31 March 31 202220212022202120222021202220212022202120222021 Transaction and clearing fees $ 769.6$ 763.2$ 348.3$ 308.7$ 330.8$ 381.8$ 50.1$ 34.7$ 25.8$ 25.6$ 14.6$ 12.4 Liquidity payments(467.5)(501.8)(167.6)(166.0)(288.3)(330.5)(11.6)(5.3)———— Routing and clearing(22.3)(27.1)(6.7)(5.5)(10.5)(17.3)(4.9)(4.3)——(0.2)— Net transaction and clearing fees $ 279.8$ 234.3$ 174.0$ 137.2$ 32.0$ 34.0$ 33.6$ 25.1$ 25.8$ 25.6$ 14.4$ 12.4Table 8(in millions)Reconciliation of Net Revenue by Revenue Caption –Three Months Ended March 31  2022 and 2021Cash and Spot MarketsData and Access SolutionsDerivatives MarketsTotalThree Months EndedThree Months EndedThree Months EndedThree Months EndedMarch 31 March 31 March 31 March 31 20222021202220212022202120222021 Transaction and clearing fees $ 395.5$ 428.9$ —$ —$ 374.1$ 334.3$ 769.6$ 763.2 Access and capacity fees——77.966.4——77.966.4 Market data fees22.926.939.629.78.27.270.763.8 Regulatory fees31.982.4——10.719.142.6101.5 Other revenue11.610.71.44.50.70.713.715.9 Total revenues $ 461.9$ 548.9$ 118.9$ 100.6$ 393.7$ 361.3$ 974.5$ 1 010.8Liquidity payments $ 299.6$ 335.8$ —$ —$ 167.9$ 166.0$ 467.5$ 501.8 Routing and clearing fees15.621.6——6.75.522.327.1 Section 31 fees31.882.0——3.99.935.791.9 Royalty fees and other cost of revenues4.64.22.42.023.918.330.924.5 Total cost of revenues $ 351.6$ 443.6$ 2.4$ 2.0$ 202.4$ 199.7$ 556.4$ 645.3Revenues less cost of revenues (net revenue) $ 110.3$ 105.3$ 116.5$ 98.6$ 191.3$ 161.6$ 418.1$ 365.5Acquisition revenue less cost of revenues (inorganic net revenue)(2.4)—(6.0)———(8.4)—Organic net revenue $ 107.9$ 105.3$ 110.5$ 98.6$ 191.3$ 161.6$ 409.7$ 365.5Table 9Reconciliation of GAAP Effective Tax Rate to Effective Tax Rate Excluding Section 199 Matters - Three Months Ended March 31  2022Tax RateGAAP effective tax rate51.3 % Tax effect of Section 199 related matters(21.4) % Effective tax rate excluding Section 199 matters29.9 %SOURCE Cboe Global Markets  Inc.",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.52,0.08,0.4,True,English,"['Cboe Global Markets', 'First Quarter', 'Results', 'SPX Weekly Options product suite', 'Cboe Global Markets Executive Vice President', 'unaudited condensed consolidated financial information', 'Organic Total Net Revenue Growth', 'global value creation model', 'other customary closing conditions', 'Cboe Global Markets Chairman', 'Adjusted1 Change Total Revenues', '2022 Adjusted Operating Expense Guidance2', 'Organic Net Revenue Growth', 'GAAP effective tax rate', 'Consolidated First Quarter Results', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', '14 % Total Operating Expenses', '5 to 7 percentage points', '8 to 11 percentage points', '7 to 10 percentage points', 'Edward T. Tilly', 'Brian N. Schell', 'macro trading environment', 'enhanced reporting structure', 'organic growth guidance', 'accompanying financial tables', 'core derivatives franchise', 'European Derivatives platform', 'record quarterly results', 'ErisX acquisitions3, expansion', 'adjusted earnings guidance', 'First Quarter Highlights', 'operating expenses guidance', 'European cash equities', 'GAAP operating expenses', 'full year revenue', 'Access Solutions businesses', 'financial results', 'derivatives markets', 'Non-GAAP Information', 'spot markets', 'revenue expectations', 'GAAP results', 'net revenues', 'Net Income', '17 % Operating Income', 'comprehensive results', 'continued growth', 'growth initiatives', 'record earnings', 'accurate guidance', 'full reconciliation', 'attached tables', '1Q21 Change', 'GAAP measures', 'GAAP revenues', 'looking GAAP', 'GAAP reconciliations', 'access solutions1', 'Cboe team', 'Diluted EPS', 'extraordinary start', 'strong contributions', 'strong foundation', 'tremendous amount', 'longer-term aspirations', 'strong start', 'potential upside', 'income statement', 'major categories', 'same period', 'Specific quantifications', 'acquisition-related revenues', 'less costs', 'third quarter', 'regulatory review', 'three months', 'Common Stockholders', 'record year', 'second quarter', 'Target', 'Increases', 'Data', 'CHICAGO', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'areas', 'power', 'flywheel', 'heart', 'investments', 'ecosystem', 'globe', 'close', 'NEO', 'momentum', 'ability', 'Treasurer', 'performance', 'comparisons', 'amounts', 'uncertainty', 'respect', 'estimates', 'range', 'degree', 'precision', 'investors', 'reasons', 'summary', 'basis', 'Table 1', '1Q22', 'millions', 'share']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,prnewswire.com
3955,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.webcenterfairbanks.com/prnewswire/2022/04/28/veon-publishes-q1-2022-trading-update/,VEON publishes Q1 2022 trading update,,"Protecting stakeholder value delivering continued local currency growth across our operationsAMSTERDAM  April 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (VEON) announces a trading update for the first quarter ended 31 March 2022  including selected financial and operating results:VEON ended 1Q22 with revenue of USD 1 823 million  +9.8% YoY in local currency (-0.4% YoY in reported currency) and EBITDA of USD 775 million  +5.7% YoY in local currency (-4.0% YoY in reported currency). Group capex was USD 367 million (-6.2% YoY)  with capex intensity of 23.2%  -2.2 p.p. YoY. Group net debt/EBITDA was 2.4x.Commenting on results  Kaan Terzioğlu said:""I am proud of how our teams are tackling the current challenges and ensuring service and business continuity  keeping our 220 million customers across nine countries connected. Our commitment to provide access to information and other vital digital services is intact in these character-building times. The solid results we are reporting today illustrate our operational and financial discipline. We continue to enjoy high-single-digit growth and we have improved our capital structure.""1Q 2022 highlights:Revenue of USD 1 823 million   +9.8% YoY in local currency (-0.4% YoY reported currency)EBITDA of USD 775 million   +5.7% YoY in local currency (-4.0% YoY reported currency)Capex of USD 367 million   -6.2% YoY  capex intensity of 23.2%Total cash USD 1.904 million   with USD 1 304 million at Headquarters (additional USD 692 million in committed undrawn credit lines)206 million mobile subscribers  up 3.9% YoY100.8 million 4G users  up 24.3% YoYNet debt/EBITDA ratio of 2.4xCurrent ratio (Current assets/Current liabilities) of 1.11xGroup revenue increased by 9.8% in local currency terms (-0.4% in reported currency). All our operating companies delivered YoY revenue growth in local currency terms. Strong growth in data revenue  up 17.1% in local currency terms (+7.1% in reported currency)  was a key driver of strong Group revenue performance.Ukraine revenues increased 15.1% YoY in local currency (+12.7% in reported currency) a good result given the ongoing conflict in the country. For March 2022  Ukraine reported revenue of UAH 2.8 billion (+16.7% YoY)  with service revenue of UAH 2.7 billion (+16.7% YoY). This performance was driven once again by continued growth in Kyivstar's 4G customer base  which increased 30.7% YoY. Mobile revenue growth was also supported by higher roaming revenues  which increased 3.0x YoY.Russia reported 1Q22 revenue growth of 5.6% YoY in local currency (-6.9% YoY in reported currency). The average March exchange rate used for consolidation was 104.1 ruble per dollar  impacting reported numbers. 1Q22 mobile service revenue was up 3.3% YoY and fixed-line service revenue was up 8.2% YoY in local currency. For March 2022  Russia reported revenue of RUB 24.9 billion (+3.6% YoY)  with service revenue of RUB 22.2 billion (+3.7%).Pakistan revenue increased 9.1% YoY in local currency (-2.6% YoY in reported currency) driven by strong growth in data revenue  notwithstanding the increase in withholding tax from 10% to 15% on 16 January 2022 and the reduction in mobile termination rates.In Kazakhstan revenues increased 20% YoY in local currency (+10.6% in reported currency)  another excellent performance especially taking into account the unrest in January 2022. For January 2022  Kazakhstan reported revenue of KZT 20.4 billion (+15.6% YoY)  with service revenue of KZT 19.7 billion (+15.0% YoY).Group 1Q22 EBITDA rose by 5.7% in local currency terms (-4.0% in reported currency) and we reported positive local currency EBITDA performance across all markets. In Russia  EBITDA increased 2.8% YoY in local currency (-9.3% in reported currency)  marking the fourth consecutive quarter of growth. Excluding the impact of charitable donations and employee support  in Ukraine Kyivstar's EBITDA grew 9.3% YoY in local currency and in Kazakhstan  Beeline's EBITDA grew 16.5% in local currency. Excluding these extraordinary costs  Group EBITDA increased 7.3% YoY in local currency. We remain focused on implementing planned cost efficiency measures across the business.We reported healthy growth of 3.9% YoY in our 1Q22 subscriber base. The Group continued to focus on the overall customer experience on our 4G networks. This supported the growth in our 4G subscriber base  which reached 100.8 million  adding an additional 19.7 million users over the past 12 months. 4G subscribers now account for 48.8% of our total subscriber base  up 8.0 p.p. from a year ago.Our financial service business in Pakistan  JazzCash  ended the quarter with 15.7 million MAUs  a rise of 12.2% YoY. In Bangladesh  Toffee TV reached 6.3 million MAU (+86.9% YoY) in 1Q22. Our digital operator in Kazakhstan  'izi'  ended the quarter with 101 000 subscribers  an increase of 87% YoY.Group capex was USD 367 million with capex intensity of 23.2%  driven in particular by increased network investments in Bangladesh and Pakistan in line with our growth strategy.On 12 April 2022  Jazz signed a core 4G license renewal with the Pakistan Telecommunication Authority  for a fee of USD 486.2 million for a duration of 15 years  with 50% paid upfront and the balance over five years. Fifty percent of the fees (PKR 44.54 billion  equivalent to USD 243.1 million) was settled before signing in April 2022. On 31 March 2022  Banglalink acquired new spectrum in the 2300 MHz band for USD 205 million  payable in installments over 11 years  doubling the company's spectrum holding. We believe this investment will continue to support Banglalink's ambitious nation-wide 4G growth strategy.We closed the quarter with total cash of USD 1.9 billion  with a further USD 0.7 billion in undrawn revolving credit facilities. All our operations are in general self-funding.Following the exercise of the put option for our stake in Algeria on 1 July 2021  the Algerian business became  in line with the requirements of IFRS 5  a discontinued operation  and is accounted for as an ""asset held for sale"". The result is that the Algerian operations do not contribute to VEON's comparison base or actual reported numbers  without any change in the net economic value of this business. The final valuation for the put option was concluded at USD 682 million for VEON's stake in Djezzy.We further strengthened the management team with the appointment of Atyab Tahir as the CEO of JazzCash effective 1 May 2022. Michiel Soeting  former global lead partner at KPMG  joined the VEON Board as a non-executive director and Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee effective 16 March 2022.VEON is not the subject of any sanctions imposed by the European Union  the United States or the United Kingdom. We remain confident that the international community understands our industry's unique position as an essential service provider  with regulators outlining their support for sectors essential to humanitarian activities  including the flow of information and access to the internet.VEON has suspended all activities related to the previously proposed re-domiciliation of VEON Ltd. to the United Kingdom and will continue to consider the optimal corporate structure for the group.Key recent developments:Changes to the VEON Board . On 1 March 2022   VEON announced that Mikhail Fridman had resigned as a director of the VEON Board (the ""Board"") with effect from 28 February 2022 . On 8 March 2022   VEON announced that Mr. Robert Jan van de Kraats had stepped down as a director from the VEON Board with effect from 7 March 2022 . On 16 March 2022   VEON announced that Michiel Soeting   former global lead partner at KPMG  had joined the VEON Board as a non-executive director and Chairman of the Audit & Risk Committee.Bond repayment. On 28 February VEON utilized USD 430 million under its RCF and used these funds to repay its USD 417 million notes which matured on 1 March 2022   and to pay the accrued interest on these notes.VEON concludes repayment of VTB Bank loan. On 11 March 2022   VEON announced that its subsidiary had prepaid a RUB 30 billion (approximately USD 259 million   based on a USD-RUB exchange rate of 115.7) interest-bearing loan with VTB Bank (PJSC) (""VTB"") in accordance with its terms  and the facility has been cancelled. Following this payment to VTB  the VEON Group had no further loans outstanding with VTB.VEON credit rating update. On 14 March 2022   VEON announced that Fitch and S&P had downgraded the Company's credit ratings following the announcement of new country ceilings for Ukraine and the Russian Federation .VEON Holdings B.V. reiterates currency election on its Ruble-denominated notes. On 18 March 2022   VEON reiterated the currency election terms for the holders of the ruble denominated notes issued under VEON Holdings B.V.'s Global Medium Term Note Programme.Novation of loans. In April 2022   two group-level loans  with Sberbank and Alfa Bank respectively  and totaling RUB 90 billion (c. USD 1.070 billion   based on a USD-RUB exchange rate of 84.09)  were novated to PJSC VimpelCom  which resulted in the release of the former borrower (VEON Finance Ireland) and the former guarantor (VEON Holdings BV).Key increases in VEON shareholding in 1Q22. On 14 March 2022   Exor Capital ( London  UK ) filed a stock market notification that their VEON shareholding had increased to above 5%. On 31 March 2022   Shah Capital Management ( Raleigh  NC   US) filed a stock market notification stating that their VEON shareholding had increased to 2.87%  or 50.1 million shares.Algeria put option. Following the exercise of the put option for our stake in Algeria on 1 July 2021   the Algerian business became  in line with the requirements of IFRS 5  a discontinued operation  and is accounted for as an ""asset held for sale"". The final valuation for the put option was concluded at USD 682 million for VEON's stake in Djezzy and the process is on track.Spectrum acquisition in Bangladesh and license renewal in Pakistan . On 1 April 2022   VEON announced that Banglalink has acquired new spectrum  doubling the company's spectrum holding. Banglalink acquired 40 MHz of spectrum from the 2300 GHz band  ensuring that Banglalink retains its position as the top private operator in Bangladesh in terms of spectrum per customer. On 12 April 2022   Jazz signed a 4G license renewal with the Pakistan Telecommunication Authority for a fee of USD 486.2 million for 15 years  50% of which ( PKR 44.54 billion   equivalent to USD 243.1 million ) was settled  before signing in April 2022   and the remaining amount will be paid in five equal annual instalments. Both transactions were funded in local currency facilities secured through domestic banking partners.Increased local currency debt funding. On 16 April 2022   Jazz in Pakistan signed a PKR 40 billion (c. USD 222 million ) syndicated loan with a 10 year maturity. On 26 April 2022   Banglalink signed a BDT 12 billion (c. USD 135 million ) syndicated loan with a 5 year maturity.Atyab Tahir appointed as CEO of JazzCash. On 14 March 2022   VEON announced the appointment of Atyab Tahir as Chief Executive Officer of JazzCash  the number one digital financial services provider in Pakistan and a division of Jazz  effective 1 May 2022 .VEON not subject to sanctions. On 4 March 2022   VEON confirmed its conclusion that it is not the subject of sanctions  following the introduction of EU sanctions on LetterOne shareholders  Mr. Fridman and Mr. Aven on 28 February 2022 .Group senior management shareholding. On 28 February 2022   VEON announced the details of management share awards following the finalization of the management incentive plan.VEON confirms notification from NASDAQ on minimum share price requirement. On 12 April 2022   VEON confirmed that it had received notification on 7 April 2022 VEON from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq Stock Market (""Nasdaq"") stating that VEON is not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq's Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). This does not impact current Nasdaq listing and trading  and VEON confirmed that it would evaluate options to return to compliance.Additional informationAbout VEONVEON is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-listed global provider of connectivity and digital services  headquartered in Amsterdam. Our vision is to empower customer ambitions through technology  acting as a digital concierge to guide their choices and connect them with resources that match their needs.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com.Notice to reader: impact of conflictVEON's results presented in this trading update are  unless otherwise stated  based on IFRS and have not been externally reviewed and audited. The financial information included in this trading update is preliminary and is based on a number of assumptions that are subject to inherent uncertainties and subject to change. The financial information presented herein is based on internal management accounts  is the responsibility of management and is subject to financial closing procedures which have not yet been completed and has not been audited  reviewed or verified. Although we believe the information to be reasonable  actual results may vary from the information contained above and such variations could be material. As such  you should not place undue reliance on this information. This information may not be indicative of the actual results for the quarter or any future period.The ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the sanctions imposed by the United States  member states of the European Union  the European Union itself  the United Kingdom  Ukraine and certain other nations  countermeasure sanctions by Russia and other legal and regulatory responses  as well as responses by our service providers  partners  suppliers and other counterparties  and the consequences of all of the foregoing have significantly impacted and will continue to significantly impact our results and operations in Russia and Ukraine  and may significantly affect our results and operations in the other countries in which we operate. We are closely monitoring events in Russia and Ukraine  as well as the possibility of the imposition of further sanctions in connection with the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and any resulting further rise in tensions between Russia  and the United States  the United Kingdom and/or the European Union. We hope that there will be a peaceful and amicable resolution and are doing everything we can to protect the safety of our employees  while continuing to ensure the uninterrupted operation of our communications  financial and digital services.The broad nature of the financial sanctions targeted at the Russian financial system  including several banks that have historically provided funding to the Company  the comprehensive sanctions on investment and vendors in Russia and the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine may have a material impact on the Company's operations and business plans in Russia and Ukraine. Over the next few months  we will be undertaking an assessment of the need for and amount of potential impairment charges  which is not as of yet determinable due to a number of factors  including the fluidity of the current situation and our ability to obtain relevant data required to build a business plan given the ongoing conflict and associated uncertainties. We anticipate that we will report material impairment charges with respect to assets in Ukraine and/or Russia during 2022  unless there is a significant improvement in the current underlying conditions  including a lasting resolution of the ongoing conflict. However  we are still gathering the necessary data and we are not able at this time to estimate the amount or range of this potential impairment charge to the profit and loss statement. Such an impairment charge  if any  would have no impact on the Company's cash flow.DisclaimerThis trading update contains ""forward-looking statements""  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. These forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as ""may "" ""might "" ""will "" ""could "" ""would "" ""should "" ""expect "" ""plan "" ""anticipate "" ""intend "" ""seek "" ""believe "" ""estimate "" ""predict "" ""potential "" ""continue "" ""contemplate "" ""possible"" and other similar words. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to  among other things  VEON's plans to implement its strategic priorities  including operating model and development plans; anticipated performance  including VEON's ability to generate sufficient cash flow; VEON's assessment of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its current and future operations and financial condition; VEON's assessment of the impact of the conflict surrounding Russia and Ukraine  including related sanctions and counter-sanctions  on its current and future operations and financial condition; future market developments and trends; operational and network development and network investment  including expectations regarding the roll-out and benefits of 3G/4G/LTE networks  as applicable; spectrum acquisitions and renewals; the effect of the acquisition of additional spectrum on customer experience; VEON's ability to realize the acquisition and disposition of any of its businesses and assets and to execute its strategic transactions in the timeframes anticipated  or at all; VEON's ability to realize financial improvements  including an expected reduction of net pro-forma leverage ratio following the successful completion of certain dispositions and acquisitions; our dividends; and VEON's ability to realize its targets and commercial initiatives in its various countries of operation.The forward-looking statements included in this trading update are based on management's best assessment of VEON's strategic and financial position and of future market conditions  trends and other potential developments. These discussions involve risks and uncertainties. The actual outcome may differ materially from these statements as a result of  among other things: further escalation in the conflict surrounding Russia and Ukraine  including further sanctions and counter-sanctions and any related involuntary deconsolidation of our Russian and/or Ukrainian operations; further unanticipated developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic  such as the effect on consumer spending  that has negatively affected VEON's operations and financial condition in the past; demand for and market acceptance of VEON's products and services; our plans regarding our dividend payments and policies  as well as our ability to receive dividends  distributions  loans  transfers or other payments or guarantees from our subsidiaries; continued volatility in the economies in VEON's markets; governmental regulation of the telecommunications industries; general political uncertainties in VEON's markets; government investigations or other regulatory actions; litigation or disputes with third parties or regulatory authorities or other negative developments regarding such parties; the impact of export controls and laws affecting trade and investment on our and important third-party suppliers' ability to procure goods  software or technology necessary for the services we provide to our customers; risks associated with data protection or cyber security  other risks beyond the parties' control or a failure to meet expectations regarding various strategic priorities  the effect of foreign currency fluctuations  increased competition in the markets in which VEON operates and the effect of consumer taxes on the purchasing activities of consumers of VEON's services.Certain other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in any forward-looking statements include the risk factors described in VEON's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2020 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the ""SEC"") on 15 March 2021 and other public filings made from time to time by VEON with the SEC  including VEON's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 to be filed with the SEC on 29 April 2022. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could harm our future results. New risk factors and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties  nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Under no circumstances should the inclusion of such forward-looking statements in this press release be regarded as a representation or warranty by us or any other person with respect to the achievement of results set out in such statements or that the underlying assumptions used will in fact be the case. Therefore  you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. We cannot assure you that any projected results or events will be achieved. Except to the extent required by law  we disclaim any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  after the date on which the statements are made  or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.In addition  we present certain information on a forward-looking basis. We are not able to  without unreasonable efforts  provide a full reconciliation to IFRS due to potentially high variability  complexity and low visibility as to the items that would be excluded from the comparable IFRS measure in the relevant future period  including  but not limited to  depreciation and amortization  impairment loss  loss on disposal of non-current assets  financial income and expenses  foreign currency exchange losses and gains  income tax expense and performance transformation costs  cash and cash equivalents  long-term and short-term deposits  interest accrued related to financial liabilities  other unamortized adjustments to financial liabilities  derivatives  and other financial liabilities.Contact InformationInvestor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com+31 20 79 77 200View original content:SOURCE VEON Ltd",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,positive,0.76,0.2,0.04,True,English,"['Q1 2022 trading update', 'VEON', 'committed undrawn credit lines', 'other vital digital services', 'positive local currency EBITDA performance', 'average March exchange rate', '1Q22 mobile service revenue', 'strong Group revenue performance', 'continued local currency growth', 'mobile termination rates', 'Kaan Terzioğlu', 'cost efficiency measures', 'overall customer experience', '1Q22 subscriber base', '4G customer base', '4G subscriber base', 'core 4G lice', 'Net debt/EBITDA ratio', 'additional 19.7 million users', 'total subscriber base', '100.8 million 4G users', 'higher roaming revenues', '206 million mobile subscribers', 'fourth consecutive quarter', 'Mobile revenue growth', 'fixed-line service revenue', 'local currency terms', '1Q22 revenue growth', 'Group 1Q22 EBITDA', 'financial service business', 'YoY revenue growth', 'continued growth', 'excellent performance', 'digital operator', 'Strong growth', '4G networks', '4G subscribers', '220 million customers', 'Total cash', 'Current ratio', '15.7 million MAUs', '6.3 million MAU', 'high-single-digit growth', 'healthy growth', 'The Group', 'growth strategy', 'data revenue', 'Group capex', 'Group EBITDA', 'stakeholder value', 'trading update', 'current challenges', 'business continuity', 'nine countries', 'character-building times', 'financial discipline', 'capital structure', '1Q 2022 highlights', 'Current assets', 'Current liabilities', 'operating companies', 'key driver', 'good result', 'ongoing conflict', 'withholding tax', 'charitable donations', 'employee support', 'extraordinary costs', 'past 12 months', 'Toffee TV', 'network investments', 'capex intensity', 'first quarter', 'operating results', 'solid results', 'Pakistan revenue', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Ukraine revenues', '101,000 subscribers', '4.0% YoY', '5.6% YoY', '12.2% YoY', '9% YoY', '87% YoY', 'operations', 'AMSTERDAM', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'USD', 'teams', 'commitment', 'access', 'information', 'operational', 'Headquarters', '2.4x', 'country', 'UAH', 'Kyivstar', 'Russia', 'consolidation', '104.1 ruble', 'dollar', 'numbers', 'increase', '16 January', 'reduction', 'Kazakhstan', 'account', 'unrest', 'KZT', 'markets', 'impact', 'Beeline', 'JazzCash', 'rise', 'Bangladesh', '23.']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,webcenterfairbanks.com
3956,EuroNext,Google API,https://simplywall.st/stocks/fr/diversified-financials/epa-enx/euronext-shares/news/euronext-nvs-epaenx-recent-53-pullback-adds-to-one-year-year,Euronext N.V.'s (EPA:ENX) recent 5.3% pullback adds to one-year year losses  institutional owners may take drastic measures,16 hours ago,"Every investor in Euronext N.V. ( ) should be aware of the most powerful shareholder groups. With 57% stake  institutions possess the maximum shares in the company. In other words  the group stands to gain the most (or lose the most) from their investment into the company.As a result  institutional investors endured the highest losses last week after market cap fell by €456m. The recent loss  which adds to a one-year loss of 1.6% for stockholders  may not sit well with this group of investors. Institutions or ""liquidity providers"" control large sums of money and therefore  these types of investors usually have a lot of influence over stock price movements. As a result  if the downtrend continues  institutions may face pressures to sell Euronext  which might have negative implications on individual investors.Let's delve deeper into each type of owner of Euronext  beginning with the chart below.ENXTPA:ENX Ownership Breakdown April 29th 2022What Does The Institutional Ownership Tell Us About Euronext?Many institutions measure their performance against an index that approximates the local market. So they usually pay more attention to companies that are included in major indices.We can see that Euronext does have institutional investors; and they hold a good portion of the company's stock. This suggests some credibility amongst professional investors. But we can't rely on that fact alone since institutions make bad investments sometimes  just like everyone does. It is not uncommon to see a big share price drop if two large institutional investors try to sell out of a stock at the same time. So it is worth checking the past earnings trajectory of Euronext  (below). Of course  keep in mind that there are other factors to consider  too.ENXTPA:ENX Earnings and Revenue Growth April 29th 2022Investors should note that institutions actually own more than half the company  so they can collectively wield significant power. We note that hedge funds don't have a meaningful investment in Euronext. Caisse des dépôts et consignations  Asset Management Arm is currently the company's largest shareholder with 7.4% of shares outstanding. With 7.4% and 5.1% of the shares outstanding respectively  CDP Equity and Massachusetts Financial Services Company are the second and third largest shareholders.After doing some more digging  we found that the top 20 have the combined ownership of 50% in the company  suggesting that no single shareholder has significant control over the company.Researching institutional ownership is a good way to gauge and filter a stock's expected performance. The same can be achieved by studying analyst sentiments. There are a reasonable number of analysts covering the stock  so it might be useful to find out their aggregate view on the future.Insider Ownership Of EuronextThe definition of an insider can differ slightly between different countries  but members of the board of directors always count. Management ultimately answers to the board. However  it is not uncommon for managers to be executive board members  especially if they are a founder or the CEO.Insider ownership is positive when it signals leadership are thinking like the true owners of the company. However  high insider ownership can also give immense power to a small group within the company. This can be negative in some circumstances.Our information suggests that Euronext N.V. insiders own under 1% of the company. As it is a large company  we'd only expect insiders to own a small percentage of it. But it's worth noting that they own €8.0m worth of shares. It is good to see board members owning shares  but it might be worth checkingGeneral Public OwnershipWith a 35% ownership  the general public  mostly comprising of individual investors  have some degree of sway over Euronext. While this size of ownership may not be enough to sway a policy decision in their favour  they can still make a collective impact on company policies.Private Equity OwnershipWith an ownership of 7.4%  private equity firms are in a position to play a role in shaping corporate strategy with a focus on value creation. Some investors might be encouraged by this  since private equity are sometimes able to encourage strategies that help the market see the value in the company. Alternatively  those holders might be exiting the investment after taking it public.Next Steps:While it is well worth considering the different groups that own a company  there are other factors that are even more important. Like risks  for instance. Every company has them  and we've spotted (of which 2 shouldn't be ignored!) you should know about.Ultimately the future is most important. You can access this free .NB: Figures in this article are calculated using data from the last twelve months  which refer to the 12-month period ending on the last date of the month the financial statement is dated. This may not be consistent with full year annual report figures.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.",negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,mixed,0.27,0.13,0.59,True,English,"['Euronext N.V.', 'one-year year losses', 'recent 5.3% pullback', 'institutional owners', 'drastic measures', 'EPA', 'ENX', 'full year annual report figures', 'big share price drop', 'Massachusetts Financial Services Company', 'Euronext N.V. insiders', 'two large institutional investors', 'dépôts', 'past earnings trajectory', 'third largest shareholders', 'last twelve months', 'private equity firms', 'Asset Management Arm', 'stock price movements', 'powerful shareholder groups', 'ENX Ownership Breakdown', 'Private Equity Ownership', 'high insider ownership', 'General Public Ownership', 'executive board members', 'ENX Earnings', 'financial statement', 'large sums', 'CDP Equity', 'different groups', 'last date', 'Institutional Ownership', 'single shareholder', 'combined ownership', 'other words', 'highest losses', 'recent loss', 'one-year loss', 'liquidity providers', 'negative implications', 'major indices', 'good portion', 'bad investments', 'same time', 'other factors', 'Revenue Growth', 'significant power', 'hedge funds', 'significant control', 'good way', 'analyst sentiments', 'reasonable number', 'aggregate view', 'different countries', 'true owners', 'immense power', 'small percentage', 'policy decision', 'collective impact', 'corporate strategy', 'Next Steps', '12-month period', 'large company', 'individual investors', 'professional investors', 'market cap', 'local market', 'expected performance', 'value creation', 'meaningful investment', 'small group', 'company policies', 'maximum shares', 'Many institutions', '35% ownership', '57% stake', 'result', 'stockholders', 'money', 'types', 'lot', 'influence', 'downtrend', 'pressures', 'chart', 'ENXTPA', 'index', 'attention', 'companies', 'credibility', 'everyone', 'mind', 'half', 'Caisse', 'consignations', 'second', 'digging', 'top', 'analysts', 'future', 'definition', 'directors', 'managers', 'founder', 'CEO', 'leadership', 'circumstances', 'information', '€8.0m', 'degree', 'sway', 'size', 'favour', 'position', 'role', 'focus', 'strategies', 'risks', 'instance', 'NB', 'article', 'data', 'feedback', 'content', 'editorial-team']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,simplywall.st
3957,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.hellenicshippingnews.com/financial-investors-raise-net-long-position-in-euronext-wheat/,Financial investors raise net long position in euronext wheat,1 day ago,Financial investors raise net long position in euronext wheatNon-commercial market participants added to their net long position in Euronext’s milling wheat futures and options in the week to April 22  data published by Euronext on Wednesday showed.* Non-commercial participants  which include investment funds and financial institutions  lifted their net long position to 195 357 contracts from 194 355 a week earlier  the data showed.* Commercial participants expanded their net short position to 209 818 contracts from 196 187 a week earlier.* Commercials’ short positions accounted for 70.9% of the total short position  while commercial long positions accounted for 32.4% of total long positions.* Non-commercial short positions represented 29.1% of total short positions  while non-commercial net long positions accounted for 67.5% of the total longs.* The report covered nearly all of the open short positions and 99.9% of the open long positions in the wheat derivatives.* In Euronext’s rapeseed futures and options  non-commercial market participants increased their net short position to 4 142 contracts from 3 767 a week earlier.* Commercial participants lifted their net long position in rapeseed to 4 566 contracts from 2 880 a week earlier.Source: Reuters Reporting by Forrest Crellin Editing by Mark Potter),neutral,0.03,0.93,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.92,0.06,True,English,"['net long position', 'Financial investors', 'euronext wheat', 'commercial net long positions', 'open long positions', 'net short position', 'Forrest Crellin Editing', 'commercial long positions', 'total long positions', 'open short positions', 'total short position', 'Non-commercial short positions', 'Non-commercial market participants', 'milling wheat futures', 'Non-commercial participants', 'total longs', 'wheat derivatives', 'Financial investors', 'investment funds', 'financial institutions', 'Mark Potter', 'euronext wheat', 'options', 'week', 'April', 'data', 'Wednesday', '195,357 contracts', '209,818 contracts', 'report', '4,142 contracts', '4,566 contracts', 'Source', 'Reuters']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,hellenicshippingnews.com
3958,EuroNext,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/verimatrix-filing-2021-universal-registration-155000169.html,Verimatrix: Filing of 2021 Universal Registration Document,1 day ago,"AIX-EN-PROVENCE  France & SAN DIEGO  April 28  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Verimatrix (Euronext Paris: VMX) (Paris:VMX)  today announced that it has made available to the public and filed with the French financial market authority (the Autorité des marchés financiers – the ""AMF"") its universal registration document in French.The document includes the annual financial report (""rapport financier annuel"") for 2021 and the annual management report (""rapport de gestion""). It was filed with the AMF in XBRL format. It is available on the Company's website: https://investors.verimatrix.comAbout VerimatrixVerimatrix (Euronext Paris: VMX) helps power the modern connected world with security made for people. We protect digital content  applications  and devices with intuitive  people-centered and frictionless security. Leading brands turn to Verimatrix to secure everything from premium movies and live streaming sports  to sensitive financial and healthcare data  to mission-critical mobile applications. We enable the trusted connections our customers depend on to deliver compelling content and experiences to millions of consumers around the world. Verimatrix helps partners get to market faster  scale easily  protect valuable revenue streams  and win new business. To learn more  visit: https://www.verimatrix.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220428005912/en/ContactsInvestor RelationsJean-François Labadie  Chief Financial Officerfinance@verimatrix.comVerimatrix Media Contact:Matthew Zintel+1 281 444 1590matthew.zintel@zintelpr.com",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,positive,0.61,0.38,0.01,True,English,"['2021 Universal Registration Document', 'Verimatrix', 'Filing', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'French financial market authority', 'annual financial report', 'annual management report', 'live streaming sports', 'valuable revenue streams', 'Jean-François Labadie', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'rapport financier annuel', 'universal registration document', 'critical mobile applications', 'Verimatrix Media Contact', 'sensitive financial', 'rapport de', 'SAN DIEGO', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'XBRL format', 'digital content', 'intuitive, people-centered', 'Leading brands', 'premium movies', 'healthcare data', 'trusted connections', 'compelling content', 'new business', 'source version', 'Investor Relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'frictionless security', 'Matthew Zintel', 'AIX-EN-PROVENCE', 'France', 'April', 'VMX', 'public', 'AMF', 'gestion', 'Company', 'website', 'investors', 'modern', 'world', 'devices', 'everything', 'mission', 'customers', 'experiences', 'millions', 'consumers', 'partners', 'scale', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'zintelpr', '2021']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3959,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.brecorder.com/news/40170185/paris-wheat-extends-run-to-new-contract-highs,Paris wheat extends run to new contract highs,20 hours ago,PARIS: Euronext wheat continued a rally on Thursday to set fresh contract highs  as a further slide in the euro and the ongoing war in Ukraine underscored export prospects for EU wheat.New-crop December on Paris-based Euronext was up 1.1% at 375.50 euros a tonne by 1520 GMT  after earlier reaching a life-of-contract peak at 380.50 euros.Price moves on Euronext also reflected exiting of positions on May futures as the front-month contract entered its pre-expiry period  dealers said.May futures were down 1.1% at 413.75 euros  after earlier rising to a contract high at 427.75 euros.The euro fell below $1.05 to its lowest in more than five years against the dollar.Investor worries over economic growth and heightened tensions with Moscow  which halted gas supplies to Poland and Bulgaria on Wednesday  have weighed on the euro.Russia’s gas supply curbs  seen as a response to Western sanctions over Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine  reinforced market expectations of a protracted conflict that will cause lasting disruption to Black Sea grain exports.Wheat prices have also been supported by adverse weather in the United States  with some winter wheat suffering from drought and spring wheat planting delayed by cold  wet conditions.New-crop November maize (corn) on Euronext rose to a contract high of 333.75 euros a tonne  supported by a near 10-year peak for Chicago corn as US planting delays added to global supply concerns.Rapeseed prices consolidated below contract highs set the previous day as oilseed markets assessed the start of an Indonesian export embargo on some palm oil products.Indonesia unnerved investors on Wednesday by unexpectedly widening the scope of the embargo  but traders said the measure  aimed at curbing internal cooking-oil prices  was not expected to last more than a few weeks.August rapeseed was up 0.2% at 878.25 euros a tonne  after setting a contract high at 891.00 euros on Wednesday.,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,True,English,"['new contract highs', 'Paris wheat', 'Black Sea grain exports', 'cold, wet conditions', 'US planting delays', 'global supply concerns', 'palm oil products', 'gas supply curbs', 'New-crop November maize', 'near 10-year peak', 'internal cooking-oil prices', 'spring wheat planting', 'Indonesian export embargo', 'fresh contract highs', 'Wheat prices', 'export prospects', 'New-crop December', 'gas supplies', 'Rapeseed prices', 'contract peak', 'EU wheat', 'winter wheat', 'ongoing war', 'Price moves', 'May futures', 'expiry period', 'five years', 'Investor worries', 'economic growth', 'Western sanctions', 'market expectations', 'protracted conflict', 'lasting disruption', 'adverse weather', 'United States', 'oilseed markets', 'front-month contract', 'Euronext wheat', 'Paris-based Euronext', 'Chicago corn', 'rally', 'Thursday', 'slide', 'Ukraine', '375.50 euros', '1520 GMT', 'life', '380.50 euros', 'exiting', 'positions', 'pre', 'dealers', '413.75 euros', '427.75 euros', 'dollar', 'tensions', 'Moscow', 'Poland', 'Bulgaria', 'Wednesday', 'Russia', 'response', 'invasion', 'drought', '333.75 euros', 'start', 'investors', 'scope', 'traders', 'measure', 'weeks', 'August', '878.25 euros', '891.00 euros']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,brecorder.com
3960,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-announcement-of-dividend-812371475.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement of Dividend,15 hours ago,LONDON  April 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ --Dividend Announcement:On 27 April 2022  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the first quarter of 2022. The ex-dividend date is 2 May 2022. The record date is 3 May 2022. Payment of the dividend will take place from 26 May 2022.Tetragon's website (www.tetragoninv.com) includes information on Tetragon's Optional Stock Dividend Plan for those shareholders electing to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares. Shareholders may elect to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares by making a dividend share election up to 13 May 2022. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in cash from 26 May 2022.Cash dividends may be received in Sterling by those shareholders making a dividend currency election up to 13 May 2022. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in U.S. dollars from 26 May 2022.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a closed-ended investment company that invests in a broad range of assets  including public and private equities and credit (including distressed securities and structured credit)  convertible bonds  real estate  venture capital  infrastructure  bank loans and TFG Asset Management  a diversified alternative asset management business. Where appropriate  through TFG Asset Management  Tetragon seeks to own all  or a portion  of asset management companies with which it invests in order to enhance the returns achieved on its capital. Tetragon's investment objective is to generate distributable income and capital appreciation. It aims to provide stable returns to investors across various credit  equity  interest rate  inflation and real estate cycles. The company's non-voting shares are traded on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and on the Specialist Fund Segment of the main market of the London Stock Exchange. For more information please visit the company's website at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon: Yuko Thomas Investor Relations ir@tetragoninv.com Press Inquiries: Prosek Partners Pro-tetragon@prosek.com United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin +1 646 818 9298 +1 646 818 9234 United Kingdom Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell +44 7717 281 665 +44 7940 166 251This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR  and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940 and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.The content and accuracy of news releases published on this site and/or distributed by PR Newswire or its partners are the sole responsibility of the originating company or organisation. Whilst every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of our services  such releases are not actively monitored or reviewed by PR Newswire or its partners and under no circumstances shall PR Newswire or its partners be liable for any loss or damage resulting from the use of such information. All information should be checked prior to publication.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.03,negative,0.03,0.31,0.66,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement', 'Dividend', 'United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin', 'diversified alternative asset management business', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell', 'Optional Stock Dividend Plan', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. persons', 'alternative investment fund', 'TFG Asset Management', 'asset management companies', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'closed-ended investment company', 'London Stock Exchange', 'real estate cycles', 'dividend currency election', 'dividend share election', 'investment objective', 'regulated market', 'main market', 'United Kingdom', 'originating company', 'Dividend Announcement', 'first quarter', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'broad range', 'private equities', 'convertible bonds', 'bank loans', 'distributable income', 'interest rate', 'voting shares', 'Yuko Thomas', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Inquiries', 'UK version', 'UK law', 'European Union', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'Netherlands Authority', 'PR Newswire', 'sole responsibility', 'distressed securities', 'structured credit', 'venture capital', 'capital appreciation', 'various credit', 'public register', 'stable returns', 'news releases', 'Tetragon shares', 'public offer', 'Cash dividends', 'Prosek Partners', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Board', 'Directors', 'respect', '2 May', '3 May', 'Payment', 'place', '26 May', 'website', 'tetragoninv', 'information', 'shareholders', 'Sterling', 'assets', 'infrastructure', 'portion', 'order', 'investors', 'equity', 'inflation', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'Withdrawal', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'addition', 'benefits', 'Section', 'content', 'accuracy', 'organisation', 'effort', 'services', 'circumstances', 'loss', 'damage', 'publication']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,prnewswire.co.uk
3961,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.oedigital.com/news/496121-middle-east-seadrill-wins-jack-up-rig-contracts-worth-404m,Middle East: Seadrill Wins Jack-up Rig Contracts Worth $404M,1 day ago,"Offshore drilling company Seadrill said Thursday it had secured three contracts with ""a leading operator"" in the Middle East for three of its drilling rigs.The contracts  with an unnamed client  are for the West Ariel  West Cressida  and West Leda jack-up drilling units.The firm term of each contract is three years with an expected start between Q1 2023 and Q2 2023. The total contract value for the three rigs is approximately $404 million  including mobilization revenue.Upon the start of the three contracts  Seadrill will operate seven units directly and have a further three units on a bareboat charter in the Middle East  the offshore drilling firm said.Simon Johnson  Seadrill's Chief Executive Officer  said: ""With our imminent re-listing in Oslo  news of this award confirms Seadrill's status as a preferred partner in a rapidly recovering rig market. Upon commencement of operations early next year  these rigs will add to Seadrill's strong market share in the Middle East  leading to significant economies of scale by clustering rigs of similar design in a market segment where we see strong signs of recovery and long-term demand.""This has been a busy week for Seadrill  in which it has secured contract awards worth over $660 million in total  including the deal announced Thursday for the three jack-ups.Earlier this week  Seadrill secured contracts for two of its drilling rigs  the West Neptune and the Sevan Louisiana in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico  with LLOG and Talos  respectively  as well as a ten-well contract with options for up to eight additional wells in Angola for the West Gemini drillship  as part of a 50:50 joint venture with Sonangol.Euronext ExpandIn a separate statement on Thursday  released half an hour after the announcement of the jack-up contracts  Seadrill said its common shares had started trading on Euronext Expand (formerly Oslo Axess).Simon Johnson said: ""Seadrill's proven record of delivering safe and efficient operations to our customers globally is fundamental to our value proposition. We have the youngest  most technologically -advanced fleet in the industry operated by highly experienced crews.""Our clean balance sheet  industry-leading backlog  and strategic partnerships across markets position Seadrill to create unique value in an offshore drilling industry undergoing transformation. I extend my gratitude to Seadrill's employees  customers  shareholders  and suppliers for their combined contributions in achieving this listing milestone.""Seadrill said it expected to uplist to the main market of the Oslo Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange later this year.Seadrill in February announced its emergence from Chapter 11 bankruptcy after completing its reorganization.The company at the time said that the restructuring had significantly delevered the company’s balance sheet by equitizing approximately $4.9 billion of secured bank debt previously held across twelve silos  resulting in a streamlined capital structure with a single collateral silo. The company also said at the time it had raised $350 million in new financing under the plan.",neutral,0.04,0.89,0.07,mixed,0.32,0.16,0.53,True,English,"['Jack-up Rig Contracts', 'Middle East', 'Seadrill', 'up to eight additional wells', 'West Leda jack-up drilling units', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'U.S. Gulf', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'single collateral silo', 'West Gemini drillship', 'offshore drilling firm', 'recovering rig market', 'strong market share', 'clean balance sheet', 'offshore drilling industry', 'Offshore drilling company', 'total contract value', 'jack-up contracts', 'seven units', 'three units', 'new financing', 'West Ariel', 'West Cressida', 'West Neptune', 'drilling rigs', 'firm term', 'market segment', 'strong signs', 'main market', 'value proposition', 'unique value', 'leading operator', 'Middle East', 'unnamed client', 'three years', 'mobilization revenue', 'bareboat charter', 'Simon Johnson', 'imminent re-listing', 'preferred partner', 'significant economies', 'similar design', 'long-term demand', 'busy week', 'contract awards', 'three jack-ups', 'Sevan Louisiana', 'ten-well contract', '50:50 joint venture', 'separate statement', 'common shares', 'Oslo Axess', 'proven record', 'advanced fleet', 'experienced crews', 'industry-leading backlog', 'strategic partnerships', 'listing milestone', 'Chapter 11 bankruptcy', 'bank debt', 'twelve silos', 'capital structure', 'three contracts', 'three rigs', 'Euronext Expand', 'efficient operations', 'Seadrill', 'start', 'Q1', 'Q2', 'news', 'status', 'commencement', 'scale', 'recovery', 'deal', 'Mexico', 'LLOG', 'Talos', 'options', 'Angola', 'Sonangol', 'Thursday', 'announcement', 'safe', 'customers', 'technologically', 'markets', 'transformation', 'gratitude', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'suppliers', 'contributions', 'February', 'emergence', 'reorganization', 'time', 'restructuring', 'streamlined', 'plan']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,oedigital.com
3962,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220429005594/en/Hamilton-Global-Opportunities-plc-ALHGO.PA-Published-Its-2021-Full-Year-Financial-Results-and-Activity-Report,Hamilton Global Opportunities plc (ALHGO.PA) Published Its 2021 Full-Year Financial Results and Activity Report,3 hours ago,"LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Hamilton Global Opportunities plc (GB00BMDXQ672 - ALHGO) publishes its annual results for 2021  approved by the Board of Directors on April 29  2022  and its annual financial report  which is available on the company's website in the Investors section (hamiltongo.eu) and on the AMF website.Gustavo Perrotta  Founder and Managing Director of Hamilton Global Opportunities  said:""We are pleased with this first year marked by the admission of HGO shares on Euronext Growth Paris and the favorable evolution of the share price which underlines our investment dynamics. As announced at the time of the listing  our objective is to provide investors with a permanent vehicle to capture and maximize the value creation generated by investment opportunities in international tech companies. In line with our strategy  we have completed two high-profile investments: Exos Financial and Miami International Holdings. We look forward to the continued development of the Hamilton Global Opportunities portfolio in 2022  following the investment in Gauzy in the first half of 2022  with several similar targets already identified to date.”PERFORMANCE Assets as at 30 December 2021 (in €) December 31  2021 December 31  2020 Tangible assets 2 297 3 888 Investments 5 592 071 292 194 Trade and other receivables 57 100 57 100 Fixed Assets 5 651 468 353 182 Debtors: amounts falling due within one year 143 041 109 418 Cash at bank and in hand 3 429 902 22 745 Current assets 3 572 943 132 163 Net current assets/(liabilities) 9 224 411 485 345 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year (362 830) (402 011) Net assets 8 861 581 83 334Details of the main changes in the financial statementsNet assets amounted to 8.9 M€  compared to 0.09 M€ on December 31  2020. This increase in the second half of the year is due to the capital increase carried out during the period for an amount of 9.6 M€.At December 31  2021  the cash position was €3.5 million.Financial key performance indicators 2021 2020 NAV per share 27.82 N/A Cash realisations N/A N/A Capital investment as a percentage of net assets 61% N/A Operating loss (261 650) (49 097) Cash generated from operations (590 515) 23 472 Total shareholder return 16.67% N/AThe share price as at 31 December 2021  has increased by 16.67% to €49 (vs €42 in April 2021). The Financial year ended December 31  2021 was the first year of operation of the Company in its current form. These indicators will become more relevant in fiscal year 2022 as the investments are very recent and have an investment horizon of up to 48 months.Highlights of the year 2021Hamilton Global Opportunities shares admitted to Euronext Growth® ParisOn April 26  2021  Hamilton Global Opportunities plc announced the direct listing of its shares on Euronext Growth® Paris. Hamilton Global Opportunities plc gives to investors the opportunity to access private equity capital returns through a listed investment vehicle which focuses on investments in Tech  Fintech and MedTech principally in the United States and Israel.First major investment as a listed company in Exos FinancialOn July 6  2021  Hamilton Global Opportunities plc announced its first major deal with a $3 million investment in Exos Financial  as part of a Series B funding round which will be used to accelerate growth both organically and through acquisitions. Exos builds a data-enabled institutional finance platform designed to deliver the full suite of investment banking services in a modern and interconnected way.Investment in Miami International Holdings  the first private multi-market platform operator in the U.S.On October 7  2021  Hamilton Global Opportunities plc announced a USD $3 million investment in Miami International Holdings  Inc. one of the leading exchange players in the U.S. options market. Miami International Holdings  Inc. (MIH) is the parent company of multiple securities exchanges  based on the MIAX platform  developed in-house and designed for derivatives trading.Post-closing eventsCompletion of a second private placement financingOn January 27  Hamilton Global Opportunities plc announced that it had successfully raised €4.5 million from European investors at a price of €49 per share  in line with the closing price on January 26  2022. These new resources allow Hamilton Global Opportunities plc to accelerate the deployment of strategic investments in mature growth companies in the US and Israel.Completion of investment in Israeli company GauzyOn April 11  2022  Hamilton Global Opportunities plc announced that it had successfully completed an initial investment of $2 million in Israel's Gauzy  a global leader in smart glass and ADAS technologies  in a Series D financing round. This investment was made as part of Hamilton Global Opportunities plc's momentum in line with its strategy of focusing on technology companies with strong potential for profitable and responsible growth. Gauzy is a true pioneer in nanotechnology applied to light control  and is the only materials science company in the world developing  producing and commercializing two of the three technologies applied to smart glass  Suspended Particle Devices and liquid crystals for use in a variety of industries  as well as a number of ADAS (Advanced Driver Assistance Systems) for vehicles in the automotive industry.About Hamilton Global Opportunities:Hamilton Global Opportunities PLC (“HGO”) is an investment company listed on the Euronext Growth Market in Paris (ALHGO) focusing on investments in Tech  Fintech and MedTech principally in the United States and Israel. The HGO management team has significant relevant experience in structuring direct investments in the areas above mentioned. For more information  please visit: hamiltongo.eu",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,positive,0.96,0.03,0.01,True,English,"['Hamilton Global Opportunities plc', '2021 Full-Year Financial Results', 'Activity Report', 'ALHGO', 'PA', 'first private multi-market platform operator', 'Series B funding round', 'Series D financing round', 'data-enabled institutional finance platform', 'Hamilton Global Opportunities plc', 'Hamilton Global Opportunities portfolio', 'private equity capital returns', 'second private placement financing', 'U.S. options market', 'Hamilton Global Opportunities shares', 'Financial key performance indicators', 'Miami International Holdings', 'several similar targets', 'Total shareholder return', 'leading exchange players', 'multiple securities exchanges', 'first major deal', 'annual financial report', 'N/A Capital investment', 'investment banking services', 'mature growth companies', 'materials science company', 'First major investment', 'A Cash realisations', 'international tech companies', 'two high-profile investments', 'USD $3 million investment', 'The Financial year', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Euronext Growth® Paris', 'Net current assets', 'Israeli company Gauzy', 'investment opportunities', 'global leader', 'MIAX platform', 'PERFORMANCE Assets', 'second half', 'first half', 'first year', 'technology companies', 'financial statements', 'annual results', 'capital increase', 'Net assets', 'HGO shares', 'current form', 'responsible growth', 'Exos Financial', 'Tangible assets', 'Fixed Assets', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Gustavo Perrotta', 'Managing Director', 'favorable evolution', 'investment dynamics', 'permanent vehicle', 'value creation', 'continued development', 'other receivables', 'main changes', 'investment horizon', 'to 48 months', 'investment vehicle', 'United States', 'listed company', 'full suite', 'interconnected way', 'parent company', 'derivatives trading', 'Post-closing events', 'new resources', 'initial investment', 'smart glass', 'ADAS technologies', 'strong potential', 'true pioneer', 'light control', 'one year', 'fiscal year', 'cash position', 'closing price', 'strategic investments', 'Investors section', 'AMF website', 'direct listing', 'European investors', 'share price', 'LONDON', 'GB00BMDXQ672', 'ALHGO', 'Board', 'Directors', 'April', 'hamiltongo', 'Founder', 'admission', 'time', 'objective', 'line', 'strategy', 'date', '30 December', '194 Trade', 'Debtors', 'amounts', 'hand', 'liabilities', '345 Creditors', 'Details', '0.09 M', 'December 31', 'period', '9.6 M', 'NAV', 'percentage', 'operations', '31 December', 'Highlights', 'opportunity', 'Fintech', 'MedTech', 'July', 'part', 'acquisitions', 'modern', 'October', 'MIH', 'Completion', 'January', 'deployment', 'momentum', 'profitable', 'nanotechnology', 'world', '€', '8.9', '16.']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,businesswire.com
3963,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220429005433/en/SMAIO-Pioneer-of-a-Holistic-Approach-to-Spinal-Surgery-Announces-Its-2021-Annual-Results-and-Confirms-Its-2022-Outlook,SMAIO  Pioneer of a Holistic Approach to Spinal Surgery  Announces Its 2021 Annual Results and Confirms Its 2022 Outlook,5 hours ago,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:SMAIO (Software  Machines and Adaptative Implants in Orthopaedics – Euronext Growth Paris ISIN: FR0014005I80 / Ticker: ALSMA  eligible for PEA-PME equity savings plans) (Paris:ALSMA)  a French player specialized in complex spine surgery with a global offer comprising software  adaptative implants and related services  today published its 2021 annual results1  approved by the Board of Directors on April 29  2022  and confirmed its 2022 outlook.Philippe ROUSSOULY  CEO of SMAIO  commented: “On behalf of the entire SMAIO team  I would again like to thank all the shareholders  including our partner NuVasive  who contributed to the success of our IPO on the Euronext Growth market. The funds raised through this operation will help us effectively deploy our unique and global solution in spine surgery  i-kontrol  which combines precise planning  customized execution and analytic monitoring of patient data over time. In 2022  we are intending to significantly accelerate our commercial development  notably in North America thanks to NuVasive’s support  and to make full use of the immense potential of our KEOPS database and our tailor-made surgical technologies in order to pave the way for the gradual automation of spine surgery procedures”.2021 annual resultsSimplified income statement (€ millions) 2021 2020 Sales 2.1 1.1 EBITDA (2.3) (2.0) Operating profit / (loss) (3.3) (2.5) Current profit / (loss) before tax (3.4) (2.5) Net profit / (loss) (3.1) (2.2)Annual sales totaled €2.1 million in 2021  an increase of +73% compared with the previous year (€1.2 million) that had been affected by the spread of the Covid-19 pandemic. Although the public health situation improved in 2021  the Company continued to suffer the consequences of the crisis with the impossibility of accessing certain key markets such as the United States and United Kingdom  travel restrictions having only been lifted at the end of the year. Sales therefore remained concentrated in France (60% of activity)  although the first export distribution contracts signed in 2020 have begun to bear fruit  underpinned at the end of 2021 by a distribution agreement for the Australian market.From the second half of 2021  the Company began to market its patient-specific K-rods with around a hundred surgical procedures performed  primarily in France. Marketing authorization requests were filed with the FDA to obtain approval to market these tailor-made implants in the United States  a market that strongly values technological innovations.The margin on implant sales improved from 53% in 2020 to 55% in 2021  thanks to better procurement conditions negotiated in 2021 with a second qualified subcontractor. Nevertheless  sales via distributors  which now account for close to 40% of total sales and generate lower margins than direct sales  weighed on the general improvement in margins  which should see a significant increase once the Company is in a position to develop its sales in the United States.Other operating expenses  primarily comprising external costs and wages and social security contributions  increased in line with the development of sales activity  the intensification of R&D efforts  legal restructuring operations undertaken prior to the IPO and staff taken on in the second half of 2020 and the first half of 2021. The total payroll increased by approximately 27% on the previous year  but its proportion of total operating expenses fell (to 44% in 2021 from 49% in 2020).Depreciation and provisions totaled €1.1 million  versus €0.6 million the previous year. This increase was a result of the rise in R&D spending and thus the amortization of corresponding capitalized costs  the supplying to health facilities of a growing volume of sets of instruments amortized over 5 years and the taking into account of the low consumption level of inventories of implants of extreme sizes.Incorporating the elements detailed above  the 2021 operating loss was €3.3 million  compared with a loss of €2.5 million in 2020  the increase in operating expenses primarily associated with the increase in the payroll and with development projects not yet being sufficiently offset by the mark-ups generated by the growth in sales.Strengthened financial structureSMAIO’s cash and cash equivalents (€574 thousand at end-2021) were strengthened at the end of the first quarter of 2022 by the €8 million in net proceeds generated by the capital increase undertaken at the time of the Company’s IPO on the Euronext Growth market in Paris. SMAIO’s current cash position will allow it to finance the Company’s development in accordance with the strategy presented at the time of its IPO.Implementation of the value-creating partnership with NuVasiveSharing a similar vision of the importance of spinal realignment planning and implant placement to achieve favorable  repeatable and long-lasting results  in the first quarter of 2022 NuVasive  a global leader in spine technology innovation  and SMAIO signed a partnership and licensing agreement to further develop SMAIO’s surgical planning solutions and to support the innovation pipeline and commercialization efforts.As part of this collaboration  NuVasive has pledged to invest a total of $10 million (€9m2) in the Company  of which $5 million (approximately €4.5 million) has already been invested within the framework of SMAIO’s IPO in early April. The balance will consist of milestone payments made when the Company receives FDA 510(k) clearance for two software solutions interfacing with the American group’s technological platforms.NuVasive has exclusivity regarding the planning tool development partnerships implemented by SMAIO for a three-year period from the date on which the second software solution is approved.Moreover  within the framework of this partnership  the Company will put in place an image analysis and planning assistance service for NuVasive’s clients  which will be billed and will thus generate recurring payments proportional to the number of analyses performed.Strategy and outlookIn 2022  and in accordance with the strategy announced at the time of its IPO  the Company will pursue three key objectives:1. The implementation and ramping up of the partnership with NuVasive  focusing on the development of a customized version of the i-plan platform for NuVasive (including the KEOPS  Balance Analyzer 3D and SPIDER Plan software and related services) and  at the same time  an image analysis service offer.2. The development of the i-kontrol solution’s marketing activity in Europe  the United States and Australia. To achieve this  the Company will build on its own sales force  its partner NuVasive for the commercialization of its surgery planning services in the United States and a network of distributors and agents in Europe  Australia and the United States.3. The development of innovative R&D projects aimed at improving the accuracy  speed and reliability of spine surgery  with morphologically adapted guides 3D-printed from scans of the vertebrae to be operated upon enabling implants to be accurately positioned in the pedicles  or morphologically adapted trackers allowing vertebrae to be detected in space in order to steer them or guide a robotic arm.Upcoming financial events:Shareholders’ AGM: June 20  2022June 20  2022 Publication of H1 2022 sales: July 12  2022  after marketAbout SMAIOA precursor in the use of clinical data and imaging of the spine  SMAIO designs global solutions for spine surgery specialists. The Company has recognized expertise thanks to KEOPS  its Big Data management software that has become a global reference with more than 100 000 patient cases documented.SMAIO offers spine surgeons a comprehensive platform  I-Kontrol  incorporating planning  implants and related services  enabling them to treat spinal pathologies in a safe  effective and lasting way.SMAIO is positioned at the forefront of innovation with the ambition of providing surgeons with the first active robotic solution enabling a high level of performance and repeatability to be systematically achieved.Based in Lyon  France  SMAIO benefits from the skill and expertise of more than 30 highly specialized staff.For further information  please visit our website: www.smaio.comListing market: Euronext Growth ParisISIN: FR0014005I80Mnemonic: ALSMADisclaimerThis press release contains non-factual elements  including  but not limited to  certain statements regarding future results and other future events. These statements are based on the current vision and assumptions of the management of the Company. They incorporate known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could result in significant differences in results  profitability and expected events. In addition  SMAIO  its shareholders and its affiliates  directors  officers  counsels and employees have not verified the accuracy of  and make no representations or warranties about  statistical information or forecast information contained within this news release and that originates or is derived from third party sources or industry publications; these statistical data and forecast information are only used in this press release for information purposes. Finally  this press release may be drafted in French and in English. In the event of differences between the two texts  the French version will prevail.1 Audit procedures have been carried out on annual accounts. The management report  the corporate governance report  the annual financial statements and the auditor's report on these annual financial statements were posted on 29 April 2022 on the Company's website (www.smaio-finance.com) and on the Euronext website (www.euronext.com).2 Based on an indicative exchange rate of 1 euro for 1.10 dollars,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.21,0.13,0.66,True,English,"['Holistic Approach', 'Spinal Surgery', '2021 Annual Results', 'SMAIO', 'Pioneer', '2022 Outlook', 'PEA-PME equity savings plans', 'precise planning, customized execution', 'first export distribution contracts', 'spinal realignment planning', 'made surgical technologies', 'Simplified income statement', 'hundred surgical procedures', 'Marketing authorization requests', 'social security contributions', 'R&D efforts', 'legal restructuring operations', 'R&D spending', 'low consumption level', 'spine technology innovation', 'public health situation', 'corresponding capitalized costs', 'complex spine surgery', 'spine surgery procedures', 'second qualified subcontractor', 'Other operating expenses', 'Euronext Growth market', 'total operating expenses', 'entire SMAIO team', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'current cash position', 'distribution agreement', 'Current profit', 'external costs', 'first half', 'health facilities', 'first quarter', 'Operating profit', 'second half', 'Australian market', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'French player', 'global offer', 'related services', '2021 annual results', 'Philippe ROUSSOULY', 'global solution', 'analytic monitoring', 'patient data', 'North America', 'full use', 'immense potential', 'KEOPS database', 'gradual automation', 'Net profit', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'key markets', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'travel restrictions', 'patient-specific K-rods', 'technological innovations', 'procurement conditions', 'general improvement', 'growing volume', 'extreme sizes', 'financial structure', 'cash equivalents', 'net proceeds', 'similar vision', 'implant placement', 'favorable, repeatable', 'long-lasting results', 'global leader', 'licensing agreement', 'total sales', 'total payroll', 'Adaptative Implants', 'previous year', 'tailor-made implants', '2021 operating loss', 'commercial development', 'Annual sales', 'implant sales', 'lower margins', 'direct sales', 'development projects', 'value-creating partnership', 'significant increase', 'capital increase', 'sales activity', 'LYON', 'France', 'Software', 'Machines', 'Orthopaedics', 'Ticker', 'ALSMA', 'Board', 'Directors', 'April', '2022 outlook', 'CEO', 'behalf', 'shareholders', 'NuVasive', 'success', 'IPO', 'funds', 'unique', 'time', 'support', 'order', 'way', 'EBITDA', 'tax', 'spread', 'Company', 'consequences', 'crisis', 'impossibility', 'fruit', 'FDA', 'approval', 'distributors', 'close', 'wages', 'line', 'intensification', 'staff', 'proportion', 'Depreciation', 'provisions', 'rise', 'amortization', 'supplying', 'sets', 'instruments', '5 years', 'account', 'inventories', 'elements', 'mark-ups', 'accordance', 'strategy', 'Implementation', 'importance']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,businesswire.com
3964,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/information-total-number-voting-rights-170000414.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from NEGMA,Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information  following the issuance of 495 689 new ordinary shares on April 15 (as listed on April 21 ...,Oxurion NVNegma Group has converted 230 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 575 000 capital increase. This is part of Negma Group’s EUR 30 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the eye drug candidates that are targeting potential market opportunities of over USD 12 billion.Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – April 29  2022 – 07.00 PM CET – In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information  following the issuance of 495 689 new ordinary shares on April 15 (as listed on April 21)  2022  for a total amount of EUR 575 000  as the result of the conversion of 230 convertible bonds pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Negma Group.Following completion of the capital increase through the conversion of the convertible bonds  the total number of shares issued by Oxurion amounts to 47 624 581 outstanding ordinary shares carrying voting rights (compared to 47 128 892 outstanding ordinary shares previously). This number will be used as the denominator for the calculation of the percentages of shareholdings.Therefore  Oxurion publishes the following updated information:Share capital (EUR) 68 506 161.32 Total number of securities with voting rights (all ordinary shares) 47 624 581 Total number of ordinary shares (= denominator) 47 624 581 Number of outstanding rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued: 760 750 subscription rights (“SRs”) issued on November 20  2017  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 760 750 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);135 000 SRs issued on December 23  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 135 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);1 039 500 SRs issued on April 14  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 1 039 500 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);550 000 SRs issued on September 22  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 550 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);100 convertible bonds issued on December 20  2021  entitling their holders (Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds as attached to the Agreement for the provision of a Loan Facility entered into between the Company  Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.  on November 21  2021; and862 000 SRs issued on December 30  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 862 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares).ENDStory continuesAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to better preserve vision in patients with retinal vascular disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in diabetic patients worldwide as well as other conditions  including wet age-related macular degeneration (wet AMD) and macular edema following retinal vein occlusion (ME-RVO). Oxurion is aiming to build a leading global franchise in the treatment of retinal vascular disorders based on the successful development of its two novel therapeutics. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. THR-687 is a highly selective pan-RGD integrin antagonist that is being developed as a potential first line therapy for DME patients as well as wet AMD and potentially ME-RVO. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 479 783 583michael.dillen@oxurion.comUSConway CommunicationsBeth Kurthbkurth@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.com1 Press release Oxurion  06/04/2021Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.13,0.35,0.52,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Conversion Notice', 'Information', 'Denominator', 'NEGMA', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'selective pan-RGD integrin antagonist', 'potential first line therapy', 'EUR 30 million Capital Commitment1', 'wet age-related macular degeneration', 'eye drug candidates', 'Pontifax Medison Finance', 'next generation standard', 'retinal vascular disorders', 'retinal vein occlusion', 'potential new standard', 'potential market opportunities', 'EUR 575,000 capital increase', 'Kreos Capital VI', 'leading global franchise', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'diabetic macular edema', 'two novel therapeutics', 'Such forward-looking statements', '495,689 new ordinary shares', '47,624,581 outstanding ordinary shares', '47,128,892 outstanding ordinary shares', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'Share capital', 'outstanding rights', 'regulated market', 'leading cause', 'wet AMD', 'new information', 'diabetic patients', 'Negma Group', '230 convertible bonds', '07.00 PM CET', 'Belgian Act', 'major participations', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total amount', 'voting rights', '760,750 subscription rights', '100 convertible bonds', 'L.P.', 'Loan Facility', 'successful development', 'suboptimal response', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'updated information', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Additional information', 'total number', 'vision loss', 'other conditions', 'various risks', 'DME patients', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'Oxurion NV', 'back', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'April', 'accordance', 'article', 'May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'issuance', 'conversion', 'completion', 'denominator', 'calculation', 'percentages', 'shareholdings', 'securities', 'SRs', 'November', 'holders', 'December', 'September', 'UK', 'Israel', 'Cayman', 'terms', 'Agreement', 'Limited', 'END', 'Story', 'ME-RVO', 'treatment', 'THR', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'business', '87']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3965,EuroNext,Bing API,https://nz.finance.yahoo.com/news/advicenne-2021-universal-registration-document-162100483.html,Advicenne 2021 Universal Registration Document Made Available,PARIS  April 29  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Advicenne (Euronext Growth Paris ALDVI - FR0013296746) (Paris:ALDVI)  a pharmaceutical company specializing in the development and commercialization of innovative treatments for those suffering from ...,PARIS  April 29  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Advicenne (Euronext Growth Paris ALDVI - FR0013296746) (Paris:ALDVI)  a pharmaceutical company specializing in the development and commercialization of innovative treatments for those suffering from rare renal diseases  today announces that its 2021 Universal Registration Document has been filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF).The Universal Registration Document includes the annual report  the group management report  the Board of Directors' report on corporate governance and the Statutory Auditors' reports. It also contains a description of the share buyback program.The Universal Registration Document is available on Advicenne's website (www.advicenne.com) in the Investors/Financial Information section and on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org).About AdvicenneAdvicenne (Euronext Growth Paris ALDVI - FR0013296746) is a specialty pharmaceutical company founded in 2007  specializing in the development of innovative treatments in Nephrology. Its lead product SibnayalTM (ADV7103) has received its Marketing Approval for distal renal tubular acidosis in EU and the UK. ADV7103 is currently in late-stage development in cystinuria in Europe and in dRTA and cystinuria in the US and in Canada. Headquartered in Paris  Advicenne  listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange since 2017  has now been listed on Euronext Growth Paris since its transfer on March 30  2022. For additional information see: https://advicenne.com/.DisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Advicenne group and its business  including its prospects and product candidate development. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Advicenne considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that the estimates contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which estimates are subject to numerous risks including the risks set forth in the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French financial market authority on April 29  2022 (a copy of which is available on www.advicenne.com) and to the development of economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Advicenne operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Advicenne or not currently considered material by Advicenne. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause actual results  financial conditions  performance  or achievements of Advicenne to be materially different from such forward-looking statements. Advicenne expressly declines any obligation to update such forward-looking statements.Story continuesView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220429005541/en/ContactsAdvicenneDidier Laurens  CEO+33 (0)1 87 44 40 17Email: investors@advicenne.comConsilium Strategic CommunicationsMary-Jane Elliott  Ashley Tapp  Davide Salvi+44 (0)20 3709 5700Email: advicenne@consilium-comms.comUlysse CommunicationMedia relationsBruno Arabian+33 (0)6 87 88 47 26Email: barabian@ulysse-communication.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.25,0.61,True,English,"['Advicenne 2021 Universal Registration Document', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'French financial market authority', 'distal renal tubular acidosis', 'The Universal Registration Document', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'Euronext Growth Paris ALDVI', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'rare renal diseases', ""Statutory Auditors' reports"", 'share buyback program', 'Investors/Financial Information section', 'specialty pharmaceutical company', 'Consilium Strategic Communications', 'group management report', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'product candidate development', 'financial conditions', 'lead product', 'additional information', 'annual report', ""Directors' report"", 'financial markets', 'Regulatory News', 'innovative treatments', 'corporate governance', 'Marketing Approval', 'press release', 'economic conditions', 'actual results', 'source version', 'Didier Laurens', 'Mary-Jane Elliott', 'Ashley Tapp', 'Davide Salvi', 'Media relations', 'Bruno Arabian', 'late-stage development', 'Advicenne group', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'numerous risks', 'AMF website', 'Ulysse Communication', 'April', 'commercialization', 'Board', 'description', 'amf-france', 'org', 'Nephrology', 'SibnayalTM', 'ADV7103', 'UK', 'cystinuria', 'Europe', 'dRTA', 'Canada', 'transfer', 'Disclaimer', 'prospects', 'assumptions', 'assurance', 'estimates', 'copy', 'www', 'occurrence', 'part', 'performance', 'achievements', 'obligation', 'Story', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'CEO', 'Email', 'barabian', '6']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,nz.finance.yahoo.com
3966,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/smaio-pioneer-holistic-approach-spinal-160000161.html,SMAIO  Pioneer of a Holistic Approach to Spinal Surgery  Announces Its 2021 Annual Results and Confirms Its 2022 Outlook,Machines and Adaptative Implants in Orthopaedics – Euronext Growth Paris ISIN: FR0014005I80 / Ticker: ALSMA  eligible for PEA-PME equity savings plans) (Paris:ALSMA)  a French player specialized ...,"+ 2021 sales up +73% to €2.1 million+ Success of the recent IPO  raising approximately €9 million enabling the Company to finance the ramping up of its development in France and abroadLYON  France  April 29  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:SMAIO (Software  Machines and Adaptative Implants in Orthopaedics – Euronext Growth Paris ISIN: FR0014005I80 / Ticker: ALSMA  eligible for PEA-PME equity savings plans) (Paris:ALSMA)  a French player specialized in complex spine surgery with a global offer comprising software  adaptative implants and related services  today published its 2021 annual results1  approved by the Board of Directors on April 29  2022  and confirmed its 2022 outlook.Philippe ROUSSOULY  CEO of SMAIO  commented: ""On behalf of the entire SMAIO team  I would again like to thank all the shareholders  including our partner NuVasive  who contributed to the success of our IPO on the Euronext Growth market. The funds raised through this operation will help us effectively deploy our unique and global solution in spine surgery  i-kontrol  which combines precise planning  customized execution and analytic monitoring of patient data over time. In 2022  we are intending to significantly accelerate our commercial development  notably in North America thanks to NuVasive’s support  and to make full use of the immense potential of our KEOPS database and our tailor-made surgical technologies in order to pave the way for the gradual automation of spine surgery procedures"".2021 annual resultsSimplified income statement (€ millions) 2021 2020 Sales 2.1 1.1 EBITDA (2.3) (2.0) Operating profit / (loss) (3.3) (2.5) Current profit / (loss) before tax (3.4) (2.5) Net profit / (loss) (3.1) (2.2)Annual sales totaled €2.1 million in 2021  an increase of +73% compared with the previous year (€1.2 million) that had been affected by the spread of the Covid-19 pandemic. Although the public health situation improved in 2021  the Company continued to suffer the consequences of the crisis with the impossibility of accessing certain key markets such as the United States and United Kingdom  travel restrictions having only been lifted at the end of the year. Sales therefore remained concentrated in France (60% of activity)  although the first export distribution contracts signed in 2020 have begun to bear fruit  underpinned at the end of 2021 by a distribution agreement for the Australian market.Story continuesFrom the second half of 2021  the Company began to market its patient-specific K-rods with around a hundred surgical procedures performed  primarily in France. Marketing authorization requests were filed with the FDA to obtain approval to market these tailor-made implants in the United States  a market that strongly values technological innovations.The margin on implant sales improved from 53% in 2020 to 55% in 2021  thanks to better procurement conditions negotiated in 2021 with a second qualified subcontractor. Nevertheless  sales via distributors  which now account for close to 40% of total sales and generate lower margins than direct sales  weighed on the general improvement in margins  which should see a significant increase once the Company is in a position to develop its sales in the United States.Other operating expenses  primarily comprising external costs and wages and social security contributions  increased in line with the development of sales activity  the intensification of R&D efforts  legal restructuring operations undertaken prior to the IPO and staff taken on in the second half of 2020 and the first half of 2021. The total payroll increased by approximately 27% on the previous year  but its proportion of total operating expenses fell (to 44% in 2021 from 49% in 2020).Depreciation and provisions totaled €1.1 million  versus €0.6 million the previous year. This increase was a result of the rise in R&D spending and thus the amortization of corresponding capitalized costs  the supplying to health facilities of a growing volume of sets of instruments amortized over 5 years and the taking into account of the low consumption level of inventories of implants of extreme sizes.Incorporating the elements detailed above  the 2021 operating loss was €3.3 million  compared with a loss of €2.5 million in 2020  the increase in operating expenses primarily associated with the increase in the payroll and with development projects not yet being sufficiently offset by the mark-ups generated by the growth in sales.Strengthened financial structureSMAIO’s cash and cash equivalents (€574 thousand at end-2021) were strengthened at the end of the first quarter of 2022 by the €8 million in net proceeds generated by the capital increase undertaken at the time of the Company’s IPO on the Euronext Growth market in Paris. SMAIO’s current cash position will allow it to finance the Company’s development in accordance with the strategy presented at the time of its IPO.Implementation of the value-creating partnership with NuVasiveSharing a similar vision of the importance of spinal realignment planning and implant placement to achieve favorable  repeatable and long-lasting results  in the first quarter of 2022 NuVasive  a global leader in spine technology innovation  and SMAIO signed a partnership and licensing agreement to further develop SMAIO’s surgical planning solutions and to support the innovation pipeline and commercialization efforts.As part of this collaboration  NuVasive has pledged to invest a total of $10 million (€9m2) in the Company  of which $5 million (approximately €4.5 million) has already been invested within the framework of SMAIO’s IPO in early April. The balance will consist of milestone payments made when the Company receives FDA 510(k) clearance for two software solutions interfacing with the American group’s technological platforms.NuVasive has exclusivity regarding the planning tool development partnerships implemented by SMAIO for a three-year period from the date on which the second software solution is approved.Moreover  within the framework of this partnership  the Company will put in place an image analysis and planning assistance service for NuVasive’s clients  which will be billed and will thus generate recurring payments proportional to the number of analyses performed.Strategy and outlookIn 2022  and in accordance with the strategy announced at the time of its IPO  the Company will pursue three key objectives:1. The implementation and ramping up of the partnership with NuVasive  focusing on the development of a customized version of the i-plan platform for NuVasive (including the KEOPS  Balance Analyzer 3D and SPIDER Plan software and related services) and  at the same time  an image analysis service offer.2. The development of the i-kontrol solution’s marketing activity in Europe  the United States and Australia. To achieve this  the Company will build on its own sales force  its partner NuVasive for the commercialization of its surgery planning services in the United States and a network of distributors and agents in Europe  Australia and the United States.3. The development of innovative R&D projects aimed at improving the accuracy  speed and reliability of spine surgery  with morphologically adapted guides 3D-printed from scans of the vertebrae to be operated upon enabling implants to be accurately positioned in the pedicles  or morphologically adapted trackers allowing vertebrae to be detected in space in order to steer them or guide a robotic arm.Upcoming financial events:Shareholders’ AGM: June 20  2022Publication of H1 2022 sales: July 12  2022  after marketAbout SMAIOA precursor in the use of clinical data and imaging of the spine  SMAIO designs global solutions for spine surgery specialists. The Company has recognized expertise thanks to KEOPS  its Big Data management software that has become a global reference with more than 100 000 patient cases documented.SMAIO offers spine surgeons a comprehensive platform  I-Kontrol  incorporating planning  implants and related services  enabling them to treat spinal pathologies in a safe  effective and lasting way.SMAIO is positioned at the forefront of innovation with the ambition of providing surgeons with the first active robotic solution enabling a high level of performance and repeatability to be systematically achieved.Based in Lyon  France  SMAIO benefits from the skill and expertise of more than 30 highly specialized staff.For further information  please visit our website: www.smaio.comListing market: Euronext Growth ParisISIN: FR0014005I80Mnemonic: ALSMADisclaimerThis press release contains non-factual elements  including  but not limited to  certain statements regarding future results and other future events. These statements are based on the current vision and assumptions of the management of the Company. They incorporate known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could result in significant differences in results  profitability and expected events. In addition  SMAIO  its shareholders and its affiliates  directors  officers  counsels and employees have not verified the accuracy of  and make no representations or warranties about  statistical information or forecast information contained within this news release and that originates or is derived from third party sources or industry publications; these statistical data and forecast information are only used in this press release for information purposes. Finally  this press release may be drafted in French and in English. In the event of differences between the two texts  the French version will prevail.1 Audit procedures have been carried out on annual accounts. The management report  the corporate governance report  the annual financial statements and the auditor's report on these annual financial statements were posted on 29 April 2022 on the Company's website (www.smaio-finance.com) and on the Euronext website (www.euronext.com).2 Based on an indicative exchange rate of 1 euro for 1.10 dollarsView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220429005433/en/ContactsSMAIOPhilippe RoussoulyChief Executive OfficerFabrice KilfigerChief Financial Officerinvestors@smaio.comNewCapDusan Oresansky/Quentin MasséInvestor Relationssmaio@newcap.euTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 92NewCapNicolas MerigeauMedia Relationssmaio@newcap.euTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.37,0.15,0.48,True,English,"['Holistic Approach', 'Spinal Surgery', '2021 Annual Results', 'SMAIO', 'Pioneer', '2022 Outlook', 'PEA-PME equity savings plans', 'first export distribution contracts', 'made surgical technologies', 'Simplified income statement', 'hundred surgical procedures', 'Marketing authorization requests', 'social security contributions', 'R&D efforts', 'legal restructuring operations', 'R&D spending', 'low consumption level', 'spinal realignment planning', 'public health situation', 'corresponding capitalized costs', 'second qualified subcontractor', 'complex spine surgery', 'spine surgery procedures', 'Other operating expenses', 'Euronext Growth market', 'entire SMAIO team', 'total operating expenses', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'current cash position', 'distribution agreement', 'first half', 'first quarter', 'Current profit', 'external costs', 'health facilities', 'Operating profit', 'second half', 'Australian market', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'French player', 'global offer', 'related services', '2021 annual results', 'Philippe ROUSSOULY', 'global solution', 'customized execution', 'analytic monitoring', 'patient data', 'North America', 'full use', 'immense potential', 'KEOPS database', 'gradual automation', 'Net profit', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'key markets', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'travel restrictions', 'patient-specific K-rods', 'technological innovations', 'procurement conditions', 'general improvement', 'growing volume', 'extreme sizes', 'financial structure', 'cash equivalents', 'net proceeds', 'value-creating partnership', 'similar vision', 'implant placeme', 'total payroll', 'total sales', 'Adaptative Implants', 'previous year', 'tailor-made implants', '2021 operating loss', 'lower margins', 'Annual sales', 'implant sales', 'direct sales', 'commercial development', 'development projects', 'significant increase', 'capital increase', 'recent IPO', 'sales activity', '2021 sales', 'Success', 'Company', 'ramping', 'France', 'LYON', 'April', 'Software', 'Machines', 'Orthopaedics', 'Ticker', 'ALSMA', 'Board', 'Directors', '2022 outlook', 'CEO', 'behalf', 'shareholders', 'NuVasive', 'funds', 'unique', 'time', 'support', 'order', 'way', 'EBITDA', 'tax', 'spread', 'consequences', 'crisis', 'impossibility', 'fruit', 'Story', 'FDA', 'approval', 'distributors', 'close', 'wages', 'line', 'intensification', 'staff', 'proportion', 'Depreciation', 'provisions', 'rise', 'amortization', 'supplying', 'sets', 'instruments', '5 years', 'account', 'inventories', 'elements', 'mark-ups', 'accordance', 'strategy', 'Implementation', 'importance']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,finance.yahoo.com
3967,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.morningstar.com/news/business-wire/20220429005629/aptorum-group-limited-reports-2021-fiscal-year-end-financial-results-and-provides-business-update,Aptorum Group Limited Reports 2021 Fiscal Year End Financial Results and Provides Business Update,Aptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) (“Aptorum Group” or “We”)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to meeting unmet medical needs in oncology  autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases  today announced ...,Aptorum Group Limited Reports 2021 Fiscal Year End Financial Results and Provides Business UpdateRegulatory News:Aptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) (“Aptorum Group” or “We”)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to meeting unmet medical needs in oncology  autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases  today announced financial results for the fiscal year ended December 31  2021  and provided an update on clinical and corporate developments.Mr. Ian Huen  Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of Aptorum Group  commented “Aptorum’s operational plans remain on track. In particular  our lead projects  ALS-4 (targeting infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus including Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA)) and SACT-1 (targeting neuroblastoma)  have respectively completed their phase 1 clinical trials and we are working towards the commencement of the next stage of human clinical trials for further proof of concept of these 2 lead projects in the United States. We are also pleased with the progress of our other lead project  RPIDD  a liquid biopsy program targeting infectious disease diagnostics which is currently undergoing human clinical validations in Singapore. We are also excited about previously announced expanded oncology and autoimmune drug discovery programs targeting unmet mutations and novel biomarkers utilizing first-in-class drug molecules. Last but not least  we are excited about the near-future commercialization of our woman’s health supplement product NativusWell® in Asia and Europe  which we hope to be followed by launch in the United States  subject to the successful completion of our registration process. Our team is currently focused on delivering the above milestones for our stakeholders and we believe 2022 will be an exciting year for the company.”Clinical Pipeline Update and Upcoming MilestonesIn 2022  we announced a number of updates for our lead and other projects:- Our ALS-4 (a first in-class anti-virulence based small molecule drug targeting infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus  including  but not limited to Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus (“MRSA”)) Phase 1 clinical trial is completed. Dosing and clinical evaluations of the Single Ascending Dose studies (“SAD”) and Multiple Ascending Dose studies (“MAD”) have been completed for a total of 72 healthy subjects  no subjects were dropped from the studies and no serious adverse events observed. With the encouraging safety data  we are on track to submit an IND application to the United States Food and Drug Administration (“US FDA”) this year seeking to initiate a Phase 2 clinical study to assess the safety and efficacy of ALS-4 in patients.- Our SACT-1 (a repurposed small molecule drug targeting Neuroblastoma and potentially other cancer types) Phase 1 clinical trial for assessing relative bioavailability and food effect has been completed with no serious adverse events observed. Our first patent on SACT-1 has been granted by the US Patent and Trademark Office and the US FDA has also granted an Orphan Drug Designation for SACT-1 for the treatment of neuroblastoma. We plan to hold an end of Phase 1 meeting and submit a clinical protocol to the US FDA this year to initiate a Phase 1b/2a clinical study to assess the safety and efficacy of SACT-1 in patients.- Our first patent on the molecular based rapid pathogen diagnostics liquid biopsy technology (“RPIDD”) has been granted by the US Patent and Trademark Office. We started the clinical validation of our RPIDD for the diagnosis of pathogens including viruses  bacteria  fungi and parasites. We have been enrolling patients with febrile neutropenia and sepsis for our clinical validation.. Various bacteria and viruses have been detected in these patient samples  including Escherichia coli  Klebsiella pneumoniae and Herpesviridae. The data have been cross-validated by standard of care diagnostics results such as blood culture technology. RPIDD achieved high analytical sensitivity and specificity of the clinical samples respectively at both low depth (60 000 reads) and high depth (1 million reads) sequencing and further clinical validation is ongoing.- We launched our oncology and autoimmune discovery and development platform. The platform will initially focus on non-small cell lung cancer (“NSCLC”) and autoimmune diseases such as lupus  rheumatoid arthritis  inflammatory bowel diseases  etc. We are currently conducting optimization for selected candidates as part of its small molecule library for major targets including  but not limited to EGFR  ALK  KRAS  p53 mutations.Fiscal Year End Financial ResultsAptorum Group reported a net loss of $27.1 million in 2021  as compared to net income of $4.9 million in 2020. The net income in 2020 was mainly driven by the gain on investments in marketable securities  net of $25.2 million  while there was a loss on investments in marketable securities  net of $8.0 million in 2021.Research and development expenses were $10.9 million in 2021 as compared to $11.6 million in 2020. The decrease in research and development expenses in 2021 was primarily due to less sponsored research to universities in 2021  partly offset by the increase in contracted research organizations services and consultation due to the development progress of our lead projects.General and administrative fees were $5.4 million in 2021 as compared to $4.9 million in 2020. The increase in general and administration fees was mainly due to increase in bonus expenses to our directors  employees  external consultants and advisors. The increase is partly offset by a significant decrease in travelling expenses due to the outbreak of COVID-19.Legal and professional fees were $2.6 million in 2021 as compared to $2.9 million in 2020. The decrease in legal and professional fees was mainly due to less one-off professional services engaged during 2021.Aptorum Group reported $8.3 million of cash and restricted cash as of December 31  2021 compared to $3.6 million as of December 31  2020. The increase in cash and restricted cash was mainly the result of the proceeds from sales of investment securities of $20.1 million and proceeds from issuance of Class A Ordinary Shares of $4.0 million in 2021  partly offset by the cash used in operating activities of $14.7 million  net repayment of loan from related parties of $2.0 million  and loan to a related party of $3.4 million in 2021.About Aptorum GroupAptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery  development and commercialization of therapeutic assets to treat diseases with unmet medical needs  particularly in oncology (including orphan oncology indications) and infectious diseases. The pipeline of Aptorum is also enriched through (i) the establishment of drug discovery platforms that enable the discovery of new therapeutics assets through  e.g. systematic screening of existing approved drug molecules  and microbiome-based research platform for treatments of metabolic diseases; and (ii) the co-development of a novel molecular-based rapid pathogen identification and detection diagnostics technology with Accelerate Technologies Pte Ltd  commercialization arm of the Singapore’s Agency for Science  Technology and Research.For more information about the Company  please visit www.aptorumgroup.com.Disclaimer and Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to buy any securities of Aptorum Group.This press release includes statements concerning Aptorum Group Limited and its future expectations  plans and prospects that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For this purpose  any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may ” “should ” “expects ” “plans ” “anticipates ” “could ” “intends ” “target ” “projects ” “contemplates ” “believes ” “estimates ” “predicts ” “potential ” or “continue ” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Aptorum Group has based these forward-looking statements  which include statements regarding projected timelines for application submissions and trials  largely on its current expectations and projections about future events and trends that it believes may affect its business  financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions including  without limitation  risks related to its announced management and organizational changes  the continued service and availability of key personnel  its ability to expand its product assortments by offering additional products for additional consumer segments  development results  the company’s anticipated growth strategies  anticipated trends and challenges in its business  and its expectations regarding  and the stability of  its supply chain  and the risks more fully described in Aptorum Group’s Form 20-F and other filings that Aptorum Group may make with the SEC in the future  as well as the prospectus that received the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers visa n°20-352 on 16 July 2020. As a result  the projections included in such forward-looking statements are subject to change and actual results may differ materially from those described herein.Aptorum Group assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This announcement is not a prospectus within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) n°2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 as amended by Regulations Delegated (EU) n°2019/980 of 14 March 2019 and n°2019/979 of 14 March 2019.This press release is provided “as is” without any representation or warranty of any kind.APTORUM GROUP LIMITEDCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)For Years Ended December 31  2021 and 2020(Stated in U.S. Dollars) Year EndedDecember 31 2021 Year EndedDecember 31 2020 Revenue Healthcare services income $ 1 541 778 $ 911 509 Operating expenses Cost of healthcare services (1 459 924 ) (1 015 023 ) Research and development expenses (10 869 642 ) (11 586 923 ) General and administrative fees (5 409 302 ) (4 853 488 ) Legal and professional fees (2 617 834 ) (2 854 225 ) Other operating expenses (392 511 ) (877 391 ) Total operating expenses (20 749 213 ) (21 187 050 ) Other (loss) income  net (Loss) gain on investments in marketable securities  net (8 031 595 ) 25 241 556 Loss on investments in derivatives  net (4 289 ) (199 031 ) Gain on use of digital currencies 4 918 - Gain on derecognition of non-financial assets 75 000 - Interest expense  net (93 601 ) (243 628 ) Rental income - 30 894 Loss on disposal of subsidiaries (3 638 ) - Sundry income 146 347 365 917 Total other (loss) income  net (7 906 858 ) 25 195 708 Net (loss) income (27 114 293 ) 4 920 167 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 2 065 904 2 146 687 Deemed dividend related to warrants down round provision - (755 514 ) Net (loss) income attributable to Aptorum Group Limited $ (25 048 389 ) $ 6 311 340 Net (loss) income per share attributable to Aptorum Group Limited - Basic $ (0.71 ) $ 0.20 - Diluted $ (0.71 ) $ 0.20 Weighted-average shares outstanding - Basic 35 033 970 31 135 882 - Diluted 35 033 970 31 534 473 Net (loss) income $ (27 114 293 ) $ 4 920 167 Other comprehensive (loss) income Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (55 315 ) 58 848 Other comprehensive (loss) income (55 315 ) 58 848 Comprehensive (loss) income (27 169 608 ) 4 979 015 Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests 2 065 904 2 146 687 Deemed dividend related to warrants down round provision - (755 514 Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to the shareholders of Aptorum Group Limited (25 103 704 ) 6 370 188APTORUM GROUP LIMITEDCONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETSDecember 31  2021 and 2020(Stated in U.S. Dollars) December 31 2021 December 31 2020 ASSETS Current assets: Cash $ 8 131 217 $ 3 495 231 Restricted cash 130 270 130 125 Digital currencies - 1 539 Accounts receivable 78 722 62 221 Inventories 35 775 39 133 Marketable securities  at fair value 236 615 28 384 944 Investments in derivatives - 4 289 Amounts due from related parties 47 754 - Due from brokers 76 380 160 337 Loan receivable from a related party 3 358 089 Other receivables and prepayments 593 478 1 378 996 Total current assets 12 688 300 33 656 815 Property  plant and equipment  net 3 731 116 4 686 323 Operating lease right-of-use assets 154 439 547 389 Long-term investments 4 156 907 4 079 707 Intangible assets  net 880 256 964 857 Long-term deposits 296 225 296 225 Total Assets $ 21 907 243 $ 44 231 316 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY LIABILITIES Current liabilities: Amounts due to related parties $ 11 389 $ 145 926 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 4 172 565 3 240 772 Finance lease liabilities current 47 923 49 396 Operating lease liabilities  current 145 391 432 600 Total current liabilities 4 377 268 3 868 694 Finance lease liabilities  non-current - 47 923 Operating lease liabilities  non-current 23 853 155 121 Loan payables to related parties - 2 007 285 Total Liabilities $ 4 401 121 $ 6 079 023 Commitments and contingencies - - EQUITY Class A Ordinary Shares ($1.00 par value; 60 000 000 shares authorized  13 202 408 and 11 584 324 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31  2021 and 2020  respectively) $ 13 202 408 $ 11 584 324 Class B Ordinary Shares ($1.00 par value; 40 000 000 shares authorized  22 437 754 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31  2021 and 2020) 22 437 754 22 437 754 Additional paid-in capital 43 506 717 38 247 903 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income (2 019 ) 53 296 Accumulated deficit (55 537 515 ) (30 489 126 ) Total equity attributable to the shareholders of Aptorum Group Limited 23 607 345 41 834 151 Non-controlling interests (6 101 223 ) (3 681 858 ) Total equity 17 506 122 38 152 293 Total Liabilities and Equity $ 21 907 243 $ 44 231 316Investor Relationsinvestor.relations@aptorumgroup.com+44 20 80929299Redchip – Financial Communications United StatesInvestor relationsDave Gentrydave@redchip.com+1 407 491 4498Actifin – Financial Communications EuropeInvestor relationsGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 1 56 88 11 22View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220429005629/en/,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.37,0.24,0.38,True,English,"['2021 Fiscal Year End Financial Results', 'Aptorum Group Limited', 'Business Update', 'molecular based rapid pathogen diagnostics liquid biopsy technology', '2021 Fiscal Year End Financial Results', 'Single Ascending Dose studies', 'Multiple Ascending Dose studies', 'small cell lung cancer', 'liquid biopsy program', 'Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus', 'Phase 1b/2a clinical study', 'autoimmune drug discovery programs', 'small molecule drug targeting', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'class anti-virulence based', 'blood culture technology', 'care diagnostics results', 'infectious disease diagnostics', 'small molecule library', 'class drug molecules', 'other cancer types', 'Orphan Drug Designation', 'Phase 2 clinical study', 'Mr. Ian Huen', 'health supplement product', 'serious adverse events', 'phase 1 clinical trials', 'human clinical trials', 'human clinical validations', 'unmet medical needs', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus', 'high analytical sensitivity', 'inflammatory bowel diseases', 'other lead project', 'Clinical Pipeline Update', 'Aptorum Group Limited', 'United States Food', 'encouraging safety data', 'exciting year', 'autoimmune discovery', 'Drug Administration', 'next stage', 'Phase 1 meeting', 'autoimmune diseases', 'infectious diseases', 'other projects', 'clinical evaluations', 'clinical protocol', 'clinical samples', 'Executive Director', 'unmet mutations', 'food effect', 'high depth', 'targeting infections', 'Business Update', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'corporate developments', 'operational plans', 'lead projects', 'targeting neuroblastoma', 'novel biomarkers', 'future commercialization', 'successful completion', 'registration process', 'IND application', 'US FDA', 'relative bioavailability', 'first patent', 'US Patent', 'Trademark Office', 'febrile neutropenia', 'patient samples', 'Escherichia coli', 'Klebsiella pneumoniae', 'low depth', 'million reads', 'rheumatoid arthritis', 'major targets', 'p53 mutations', 'net income', 'marketable securities', 'development expenses', 'Upcoming Milestones', '72 healthy subjects', 'Various bacteria', 'development platform', 'net loss', 'Nasdaq', 'APM', 'oncology', 'track', 'ALS-4', 'MRSA', 'SACT-1', 'commencement', 'proof', 'concept', 'progress', 'RPIDD', 'Singapore', 'woman', 'NativusWell', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'launch', 'team', 'stakeholders', 'number', 'updates', 'Dosing', 'SAD', 'MAD', 'total', 'efficacy', 'patients', 'treatment', 'diagnosis', 'pathogens', 'viruses', 'fungi', 'parasites', 'sepsis', 'Herpesviridae', 'standard', 'specificity', 'sequencing', 'NSCLC', 'lupus', 'optimization', 'candidates', 'part', 'EGFR', 'ALK', 'KRAS', 'gain', 'investments', 'Research', '2022']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,morningstar.com
3968,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Other European markets higher on Friday  04/29/2022: Euronext 100 +0.65% at 1 245.92  lower for the week  Euro Stox… https://t.co/uSlOJs35iW,nan,Other European markets higher on Friday  04/29/2022: Euronext 100 +0.65% at 1 245.92  lower for the week  Euro Stox… https://t.co/uSlOJs35iW,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,True,English,"['Other European markets', 'Euro Stox', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'uSlOJs35iW', 'Other European markets', 'Euro Stox', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'uSlOJs35iW']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,Unknown
3969,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Time flies…Exactly 1 year ago  we officially welcomed our @BorsaItalianaIT Group colleagues to @Euronext. A histori… https://t.co/6sJFrlvNNJ,nan,Time flies…Exactly 1 year ago  we officially welcomed our @BorsaItalianaIT Group colleagues to @Euronext. A histori… https://t.co/6sJFrlvNNJ,neutral,0.21,0.72,0.07,neutral,0.21,0.72,0.07,True,English,"['Time flies', 'histori', 'sJFrlvNNJ', 'Time flies', 'histori', 'sJFrlvNNJ']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,Unknown
3970,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Embention is proud to announce our entry into Euronext Access Paris 🎉🔔We believe in success and above all in our t… https://t.co/FIdOOlz43z,nan,Embention is proud to announce our entry into Euronext Access Paris 🎉🔔We believe in success and above all in our t… https://t.co/FIdOOlz43z,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Access Paris', 'Embention', 'entry', 'success', 'FIdOOlz43z', 'Euronext Access Paris', 'Embention', 'entry', 'success', 'FIdOOlz43z']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,Unknown
3971,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Himalaya Shipping Transfers To Euronext Expand Oslo https://t.co/mM0KvjX0g3,nan,Himalaya Shipping Transfers To Euronext Expand Oslo https://t.co/mM0KvjX0g3,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Himalaya Shipping Transfers', 'Euronext', 'Oslo', 'Himalaya Shipping Transfers', 'Euronext', 'Oslo']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,Unknown
3972,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@multibagger777 @elonmusk How can I try to make a snarky joke but at the same time let e Euronext know how smart I… https://t.co/pPpmaO4zY7,nan,@multibagger777 @elonmusk How can I try to make a snarky joke but at the same time let e Euronext know how smart I… https://t.co/pPpmaO4zY7,negative,0.36,0.04,0.6,negative,0.36,0.04,0.6,True,English,"['snarky joke', 'same time', 'multibagger777', 'elonmusk', 'Euronext', 'pPpmaO4zY7', 'snarky joke', 'same time', 'multibagger777', 'elonmusk', 'Euronext', 'pPpmaO4zY7']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,Unknown
3973,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@SwazersC Must admit  I bought more today on Euronext I’m a sucker for punishment and like catching knives.,nan,@SwazersC Must admit  I bought more today on Euronext I’m a sucker for punishment and like catching knives.,negative,0.01,0.01,0.98,negative,0.01,0.01,0.98,True,English,"['Euronext', 'sucker', 'punishment', 'knives', 'Euronext', 'sucker', 'punishment', 'knives']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,Unknown
3974,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,On this day in 2021  @euronext completed its acquisition of @BorsaItalianaIT from the @LSEGplc in a deal worth 4.4… https://t.co/IUyZeXIpdF,nan,On this day in 2021  @euronext completed its acquisition of @BorsaItalianaIT from the @LSEGplc in a deal worth 4.4… https://t.co/IUyZeXIpdF,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['day', 'acquisition', 'deal', 'IUyZeXIpdF', 'day', 'acquisition', 'deal', 'IUyZeXIpdF']",2022-04-29,2022-04-29,Unknown
3975,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,short Covivio $COV on Euronext (https://t.co/7xJ3leJESW) due to the many issues Europe is facing? #office #hotels… https://t.co/XtgjmfZgHz,nan,short Covivio $COV on Euronext (https://t.co/7xJ3leJESW) due to the many issues Europe is facing? #office #hotels… https://t.co/XtgjmfZgHz,negative,0.01,0.12,0.87,negative,0.01,0.12,0.87,True,English,"['short Covivio', 'many issues', 'Euronext', 'xJ3leJESW', 'Europe', 'office', 'hotels', 'XtgjmfZgHz', 'short Covivio', 'many issues', 'Euronext', 'xJ3leJESW', 'Europe', 'office', 'hotels', 'XtgjmfZgHz']",2022-04-28,2022-04-29,Unknown
