UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
25910,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRUECALLER-AB-PUBL-127708984/news/Truecaller-Appendice-4-principles-for-appointment-of-the-nomination-committee-44071347/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Truecaller : Appendice 4 - principles for appointment of the nomination committee,(marketscreener.com)   The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail.   The Nomination Committee's proposal for resolution on establishment…,The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail.The Nomination Committee's proposal for resolution on establishment of principles for the Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee proposes that the annual general meeting on 26 May 2023 resolves that a Nomination Committee shall be appointed and that the following principles for the Nomination Committee for the 2024 annual general meeting shall apply.The annual general meeting instructs a board member appointed by the board of directors  to contact the three largest shareholders or groups of shareholders in terms of votes (this refers to both directly registered shareholders and nominee registered shareholders)  according to Euroclear Sweden AB's transcript of the share register as of 30 September 2023  each appointing a representative to  together with the appointed board member  constitute the Nomination Committee for the period until a new Nomination Committee has been appointed in accordance with a mandate from the annual general meeting 2024.In the event that one of the three largest shareholders or groups of shareholders does not wish to appoint such a representative  the fourth largest shareholder or group of shareholders shall be consulted and so on until the Nomination Committee consists of four members (including the appointed board member).The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee shall be independent in relation to the company and the company's management. At least one of the members of the Nomination Committee shall be independent in relation to the largest shareholder in terms of votes or group of shareholders who cooperate on the company's management. The CEO or any other person from the company's management shall not be a member of the Nomination Committee. Board members may be members of the Nomination Committee but shall not constitute a majority of its members. If more than one board member is a member of the Nomination Committee  no more than one of them may be dependent in relation to the company's major shareholders.The Nomination Committee appoints the chairman of the committee among themselves. The appointed board member or other board members shall not be chairman of the Nomination Committee.The composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced no later than six months before the annual general meeting 2024.If one or more shareholders who have appointed representatives to the Nomination Committee no longer belong to the three largest shareholders in the company at a time more than two months before the annual general meeting  the representatives of these shareholders shall resign from their duties and new members shall be appointed by the new shareholders who then belong to the three largest shareholders. If a member of the Nomination Committee resigns before the nomination committee's work is completed  the same shareholder who appointed the outgoing member shall  if deemed necessary  have the right to appoint a new member  or if the shareholder is no longer among the three largest shareholders  the largest shareholder in turn  in accordance with the principles above  but on the basis of Euroclear Sweden AB's print of the share register as soon as possible after the member has left his post.Changes in the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be made public immediately.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.33,0.67,True,English,"['nomination committee', 'Truecaller', 'Appendice', 'principles', 'appointment', 'annual general meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'nominee registered shareholders', 'fourth largest shareholder', 'three largest shareholders', 'The Nomination Committee', 'new Nomination Committee', 'other board members', 'one board member', 'other person', 'new shareholders', 'English text', 'unofficial translation', 'Swedish text', 'English translation', 'share register', 'same shareholder', 'new member', 'major shareholders', 'outgoing member', 'four members', 'following principles', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'proposal', 'resolution', 'establishment', '26 May', 'directors', 'groups', 'terms', 'votes', 'transcript', '30 September', 'representative', 'period', 'accordance', 'mandate', 'event', 'majority', 'relation', 'company', 'management', 'CEO', 'chairman', 'composition', 'time', 'duties', 'work', 'right', 'turn', 'basis', 'print', 'post', 'Changes']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25911,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MENDUS-AB-PUBL-17946401/news/Mendus-Notice-to-EGM-2023-44066369/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Mendus : Notice to EGM 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Page 1 of 7   Press Release   Stockholm  Sweden  June 8  2023   Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting in Mendus AB    The shareholders of Mendus AB   reg. no 556629-1786  are hereby invited to the Extraordinary General M…,"Mendus : Notice to EGM 2023 06/08/2023 | 01:57am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Page 1 of 7 Press Release Stockholm  Sweden  June 8  2023 Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting in Mendus AB (publ) The shareholders of Mendus AB (publ) (the ""Company"")  reg. no 556629-1786  are hereby invited to the Extraordinary General Meeting (""EGM"") on Monday  10 July 2023  at 09:30 a.m. at Tändstickspalatset  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  Stockholm. Registration for the meeting will commence at 09:00 a.m. NOTIFICATION Shareholders who wish to attend the meeting must: both be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date on Friday  30 June 2023; and not later than on Tuesday  4 July 2023 have notified their attendance and possible advisors to the Company; either in writing via letter to Mendus AB (publ)  ""EGM""  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  SE-111 53 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to info@mendus.com . The notification shall include full name  personal/corporate identity number  address  daytime telephone number and  when applicable  information about deputies  proxies and advisors. The number of advisors can be at most two. In order to facilitate registration for the meeting  the notification should  when applicable  be accompanied by powers of attorney  registration certificates and other documents of authority. Personal data obtained from the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  the notice and attendance at the meeting and data regarding deputies  proxies and advisors will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the meeting and  when applicable  the minutes from the meeting. The personal data is handled in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council). For complete information regarding how the personal data is handled  please refer to: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARES To be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of their participation to the meeting  register the shares in their own name so that the shareholder is registered in the shareholders' register on the record date on Friday  30 June 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting registration). Shareholders wishing to register their shares in their own name must  in accordance with the procedures of the respective nominee  request the nominee to carry out such voting registration. Voting registration requested by shareholders in such time that the registration has been made by the nominee no later than Tuesday  4 July 2023 will be considered in the preparation of the share register. Mendus AB (publ)| Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  111 53 Stockholm| Tel +46 87328 400| Orgnr. 556629-1786|mendus.com PROXIES Shareholders represented by a proxy shall issue a power of attorney which shall be dated and signed by the shareholder. If issued by a legal entity  the power of attorney shall be accompanied by a copy of the certificate of registration of the legal entity or  if such document does not exist  of a corresponding document of authority. A copy of the power of attorney and any certificate of registration shall be provided to the Company well in advance of the meeting. The original version of the power of attorney shall also be presented at the meeting. The Company provides a power of attorney form to the shareholders  which is available at the Company's head office or at the Company's website www.mendus.com. PROPOSED AGENDA Election of chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of voting list. Presentation and approval of the agenda. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened. Resolution on amendment of the articles of association (share capital and number of shares). Resolution on approval of issue of shares and warrants (units) with preferential rights for existing shareholders. Resolution on approval of issue of shares and warrants. Closing of the meeting. RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED BY THE BOARD Item 1. Election of chairman of the meeting The board of directors proposes that the lawyer Mats Dahlberg from Advokatfirman Delphi is elected as chairman of the annual general meeting. Item 6. Resolution on amendment of the articles of association (share capital and number of shares) In the light of the board of directors' proposal for approval of issue of shares and warrants (units) with preferential rights for existing shareholders and approval of directed issue of shares and warrants in accordance with items 7-8 below  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to amend § 4 and § 5 of the articles of association as set out below. Current wording Proposed wording § 4 Share capital The share capital shall constitute a minimum of SEK 8 000 000 and a maximum of SEK 32 000 000. § 5 Number of shares The number of shares shall be minimum 160 000 000 and maximum 640 000 000. § 4 Share capital The share capital shall constitute a minimum of SEK 19 000 000 and a maximum of SEK 76 000 000. § 5 Number of shares The number of shares shall be minimum 380 000 000 and maximum 1 520 000 000. Mendus AB (publ)| Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  111 53 Stockholm| Tel +46 87328 400| Orgnr. 556629-1786|mendus.com Page 3 of 7 The board of directors' proposal for resolution presupposes and is conditional upon the EGM's approval of directed issue of shares and warrants in accordance with item 8 below  and that this issue is completed and registered at the Swedish Companies Registration Office and that the number of shares and the share capital after such registration is within the above proposed limits for the number of shares and share capital. Furthermore  the board of directors' proposal for resolution is conditional on approval of issue of shares and warrants (units) with preferential rights for existing shareholders in accordance with item 7 below. The board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the board of directors shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments of the decision required in connection with the registration thereof. For the present resolution to be valid it is required that the proposal is approved by shareholders holding at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting. Item 7. Resolution on approval of issue of shares and warrants (units) with preferential rights for existing shareholders The board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve the board of directors' resolution of 8 June 2023 on issue of a maximum of 472 953 859 shares and 135 129 674 warrants of series TO3  which entitles the right to subscription of a total of 135 129 674 shares in the Company. Upon subscription of all issued shares  the Company's share capital will increase by a maximum of SEK 23 647 692.95. If all issued warrants are exercised  the share capital may increase by an additional maximum of SEK 6 756 483.70. The issues shall be considered as one resolution and be conducted through issuance of units to existing shareholders with preferential rights on the terms and conditions set out below (the ""Rights Issue""). Right to subscribe for units Those who are registered as shareholders in the Company by the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date are entitled to subscribe for units with preferential rights in the Rights Issue. The record date for determination of which shareholders who are entitled to subscribe for units with preferential rights is Tuesday  11 July 2023. For each existing share  one (1) unit right is obtained. Three (3) unit rights give the right to subscribe for one (1) unit consisting of seven (7) shares and two (2) warrants of series TO3. Subscription of units can also be made without unit rights. Subscription price The subscription price per unit is SEK 3.36 corresponding to a subscription price of SEK 0.48 per share. The amount that exceeds the quota value of the shares shall be transferred to the free premium reserve. The warrants are issued without consideration. Mendus AB (publ)| Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  111 53 Stockholm| Tel +46 87328 400| Orgnr. 556629-1786|mendus.com Upon full subscription the Company will be provided with an initial amount of approximately MSEK 227 (before issue expenses). Upon full exercise of all warrants of series TO3 within the frame of issued units  the Company will be provided with an additional amount of approximately MSEK 64.9 (before issue expenses). Allocation In the event that not all units in the Rights Issue are subscribed for with unit rights  the board of directors shall  within the framework of the maximum amount of the Rights Issue  decide on the allocation of units subscribed for without unit rights. Such allocation shall be made in accordance with the following allocation principles: Firstlyto those who have also subscribed for units with unit rights  regardless of whether they were shareholders on the record date or not  and to the extent full allocation cannot be made  pro rata to the number of units subscribed for with unit rights. Secondlyto those who have subscribed for units without preferential rights  and to the extent full allocation cannot be made  pro rata to the number of units subscribed for. Thirdlyto investors who have entered into guarantee undertakings  pro rata in relation to respective guarantee commitment. Insofar allocation cannot be done pro rata in any of the above stages  allocation will be done by lottery. Subscription and payment Subscription of units with unit rights shall be made by simultaneous cash payment to an account designated by the Company during the period commencing on Thursday 13 July 2023 up to and including Thursday 27 July 2023. Subscription of units without unit rights shall be made during the same period on a specific form for notice of subscription. Payment for units that have been subscribed for without preferential rights shall be made to an account designated by the Company at latest three (3) banking days after distribution of the contract note which specifies notice of allocation. It is noted that the board of directors is entitled to admit payment for the shares through set-off against debts according to Chapter 13 Section 41 of the Swedish Companies Act. The board of directors is entitled to extend the subscription and payment period. Specific conditions for the warrants of series TO3 One (1) warrant of series TO3 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share in the Company. The subscription price upon new subscription is SEK 0.48. The amount that exceeds the quota value of the shares shall be transferred to the free premium reserve. Subscription of shares in the Company by exercising warrants of series TO3 shall take place from the period commencing on 15 March 2024 up to and including 29 March 2024. Complete terms and conditions are included in the board of directors' complete proposal. Right to dividends Companies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB The new shares carry a right to dividends for the first time on the record date for dividends that occurs immediately after the new shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. The new shares issued following exercise of warrants of series TO3 shall carry a right to dividend for the first Mendus AB (publ)| Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  111 53 Stockholm| Tel +46 87328 400| Orgnr. 556629-1786|mendus.com Page 5 of 7 time on the record date for dividend that occurs immediately after the new shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. Other Documents in accordance with Chapter 13 Section 6 and Chapter 14 Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act have been prepared and are kept available at the Company's office. The board of directors' proposal presupposes  and is conditional on  that the EGM resolves on amendment of the articles of association in accordance with item 6 above. The resolution further presupposes approval of issue of shares and warrants in accordance with item 8 below. The board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the board of directors shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments of the decision required in connection with the registration thereof. Item 8. Resolution on approval of new issue of shares and warrants The board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve the board of directors' resolution of 8 June 2023 on issue of a maximum of 187 500 000 shares and 53 571 429 warrants of series TO3  which entitles the right to subscription of a total of 53 571 429 shares in the Company. Upon subscription of all issued shares  the Company's share capital will increase by a maximum of SEK 9 375 000. If all issued warrants are exercised  the share capital may increase by an additional maximum of SEK 2 678 571.45. The issues shall be considered as one resolution and is carried out with deviation from the shareholders preferential rights on the terms and conditions set out below (the ""Directed Issue""). Right to subscribe for new shares and warrants The right to subscribe for new shares and warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  be granted to Flerie Invest AB. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is that the board of directors considers it to be beneficial for the Company's continued development to take advantage of the opportunity to obtain capital for the Company on favorable terms and strengthen the ownership structure with a strategic and long-term shareholder. In the light of this  the board of directors has made the assessment that it is in the interest of the Company and the shareholders to carry out an issue with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. Subscription price The subscription price per share is SEK 0.48. The subscription price has been determined in consultation with Pareto Securities AB with reference to Swedish and international market practice and prevailing market conditions with a customary discount. The amount that exceeds the quota value of the shares shall be transferred to the free premium reserve. The warrants are issued without consideration. Mendus AB (publ)| Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  111 53 Stockholm| Tel +46 87328 400| Orgnr. 556629-1786|mendus.com Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Mendus AB (publ) published this content on 08 June 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 08 June 2023 05:56:03 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about MENDUS AB (PUBL) 06:20a Mendus : Fullstandiga villkor for teckningsoptioner TO3 PU 06:15a Mendus : The board of directors resolution on directed issue PU 06:15a Mendus : The board of directors resolution on rights issue PU 06:15a Mendus : Complete terms and conditions for the warrants TO3 PU 06:15a Mendus : Item 6. The board of directors complete proposal on amendment of the articles of .. PU 06:15a Mendus : Item 7. The board of directors complete proposal on approval of rights issue PU 06:15a Mendus : Item 8. The board of directors complete proposal on approval of directed issue PU 06/08 Eurozone's Q1 Recession Weigh on Most EU Markets Thursday MT 06/08 Mendus Falls 19% Amid Manufacturing Tie-up With NorthX Biologics MT 06/08 Mendus : Notice to EGM 2023 PU",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.71,0.26,0.03,True,English,"['Mendus', 'Notice', 'EGM', 'Västra Trädgårdsgatan', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'multiple email addresses', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'daytime telephone number', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'annual general meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'PROPOSED AGENDA Election', 'NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARES', 'Proposed wording', 'Personal data', 'Mendus AB', '7 Press Release', 'Tändstickspalatset', 'share register', 'record date', 'other documents', 'voting list', 'European Parliament', 'legal entity', 'original version', 'head office', 'two persons', 'share capital', 'preferential rights', 'Mats Dahlberg', 'Advokatfirman Delphi', 'Current wording', 'respective nominee', 'complete information', 'corresponding document', 'registration certificates', 'Such registration', 'voting registration', ""shareholders' register"", 'existing shareholders', 'First name', 'full name', ""directors' proposal"", 'possible advisors', 'attorney form', 'PROXIES Shareholders', 'BOARD Item', 'Notice', 'EGM', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'Page', 'Stockholm', 'June', 'Company', 'Monday', 'July', '09:30 a', '09:00 a', 'NOTIFICATION', 'Friday', 'Tuesday', 'attendance', 'writing', 'letter', 'publ', 'deputies', 'order', 'powers', 'authority', 'preparation', 'minutes', 'accordance', 'Council', 'ESw', 'engelska', 'addition', 'participation', 'procedures', 'Orgnr', 'proxy', 'copy', 'advance', 'website', 'chairman', 'approval', 'Presentation', 'Determination', 'Resolution', 'amendment', 'articles', 'association', 'issue', 'warrants', 'units', 'Closing', 'lawyer', 'light', 'items', 'minimum', 'SEK', '111']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25912,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MENDUS-AB-PUBL-17946401/news/Mendus-AB-Notice-of-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-in-Mendus-AB-publ-44066193/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Mendus AB: Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting in Mendus AB (publ),(marketscreener.com) The shareholders of Mendus AB   reg. no 556629-1786  are hereby invited to the Extraordinary General Meeting on Monday  10 July 2023  at 09:30 a.m. at Tändstickspalatset  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  Stockholm. Registration for the meeting w…,"Mendus AB: Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting in Mendus AB (publ) 06/08/2023 | 01:06am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields The shareholders of Mendus AB (publ) (the “Company”)  reg. no 556629-1786  are hereby invited to the Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) on Monday  10 July 2023  at 09:30 a.m. at Tändstickspalatset  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  Stockholm. Registration for the meeting will commence at 09:00 a.m.NOTIFICATION Shareholders who wish to attend the meeting must: both be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date on Friday  30 June 2023; and not later than on Tuesday  4 July 2023 have notified their attendance and possible advisors to the Company; either in writing via letter to Mendus AB (publ)  “EGM”  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  SE-111 53 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to info@mendus.com .The notification shall include full name  personal/corporate identity number  address  daytime telephone number and  when applicable  information about deputies  proxies and advisors. The number of advisors can be at most two. In order to facilitate registration for the meeting  the notification should  when applicable  be accompanied by powers of attorney  registration certificates and other documents of authority. Personal data obtained from the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  the notice and attendance at the meeting and data regarding deputies  proxies and advisors will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the meeting and  when applicable  the minutes from the meeting. The personal data is handled in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council). For complete information regarding how the personal data is handled  please refer to: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf .NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARES To be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of their participation to the meeting  register the shares in their own name so that the shareholder is registered in the shareholders’ register on the record date on Friday  30 June 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting registration). Shareholders wishing to register their shares in their own name must  in accordance with the procedures of the respective nominee  request the nominee to carry out such voting registration. Voting registration requested by shareholders in such time that the registration has been made by the nominee no later than Tuesday  4 July 2023 will be considered in the preparation of the share register.PROXIES Shareholders represented by a proxy shall issue a power of attorney which shall be dated and signed by the shareholder. If issued by a legal entity  the power of attorney shall be accompanied by a copy of the certificate of registration of the legal entity or  if such document does not exist  of a corresponding document of authority. A copy of the power of attorney and any certificate of registration shall be provided to the Company well in advance of the meeting. The original version of the power of attorney shall also be presented at the meeting. The Company provides a power of attorney form to the shareholders  which is available at the Company’s head office or at the Company’s website www.mendus.com .PROPOSED AGENDA Election of chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of voting list. Presentation and approval of the agenda. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened. Resolution on amendment of the articles of association (share capital and number of shares). Resolution on approval of issue of shares and warrants (units) with preferential rights for existing shareholders. Resolution on approval of issue of shares and warrants. Closing of the meeting.RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED BY THE BOARD Item 1. Election of chairman of the meeting The board of directors proposes that the lawyer Mats Dahlberg from Advokatfirman Delphi is elected as chairman of the annual general meeting. Item 6. Resolution on amendment of the articles of association (share capital and number of shares) In the light of the board of directors' proposal for approval of issue of shares and warrants (units) with preferential rights for existing shareholders and approval of directed issue of shares and warrants in accordance with items 7-8 below  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to amend § 4 and § 5 of the articles of association as set out below.Current wordingProposed wording § 4 Share capitalThe share capital shall constitute a minimum of SEK 8 000 000 and a maximum of SEK 32 000 000. § 4 Share capitalThe share capital shall constitute a minimum of SEK 19 000 000 and a maximum of SEK 76 000 000. § 5 Number of sharesThe number of shares shall be minimum 160 000 000 and maximum 640 000 000. § 5 Number of sharesThe number of shares shall be minimum 380 000 000 and maximum 1 520 000 000.The board of directors’ proposal for resolution presupposes and is conditional upon the EGM’s approval of directed issue of shares and warrants in accordance with item 8 below  and that this issue is completed and registered at the Swedish Companies Registration Office and that the number of shares and the share capital after such registration is within the above proposed limits for the number of shares and share capital. Furthermore  the board of directors’ proposal for resolution is conditional on approval of issue of shares and warrants (units) with preferential rights for existing shareholders in accordance with item 7 below. The board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the board of directors shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments of the decision required in connection with the registration thereof. For the present resolution to be valid it is required that the proposal is approved by shareholders holding at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.Item 7. Resolution on approval of issue of shares and warrants (units) with preferential rights for existing shareholders The board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve the board of directors’ resolution of 8 June 2023 on issue of a maximum of 472 953 859 shares and 135 129 674 warrants of series TO3  which entitles the right to subscription of a total of 135 129 674 shares in the Company. Upon subscription of all issued shares  the Company’s share capital will increase by a maximum of SEK 23 647 692.95. If all issued warrants are exercised  the share capital may increase by an additional maximum of SEK 6 756 483.70. The issues shall be considered as one resolution and be conducted through issuance of units to existing shareholders with preferential rights on the terms and conditions set out below (the ""Rights Issue""). Right to subscribe for units Those who are registered as shareholders in the Company by the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date are entitled to subscribe for units with preferential rights in the Rights Issue. The record date for determination of which shareholders who are entitled to subscribe for units with preferential rights is Tuesday  11 July 2023. For each existing share  one (1) unit right is obtained. Three (3) unit rights give the right to subscribe for one (1) unit consisting of seven (7) shares and two (2) warrants of series TO3. Subscription of units can also be made without unit rights. Subscription price The subscription price per unit is SEK 3.36 corresponding to a subscription price of SEK 0.48 per share. The amount that exceeds the quota value of the shares shall be transferred to the free premium reserve. The warrants are issued without consideration. Upon full subscription the Company will be provided with an initial amount of approximately MSEK 227 (before issue expenses). Upon full exercise of all warrants of series TO3 within the frame of issued units  the Company will be provided with an additional amount of approximately MSEK 64.9 (before issue expenses). Allocation In the event that not all units in the Rights Issue are subscribed for with unit rights  the board of directors shall  within the framework of the maximum amount of the Rights Issue  decide on the allocation of units subscribed for without unit rights. Such allocation shall be made in accordance with the following allocation principles: Firstly to those who have also subscribed for units with unit rights  regardless of whether they were shareholders on the record date or not  and to the extent full allocation cannot be made  pro rata to the number of units subscribed for with unit rights. Secondly to those who have subscribed for units without preferential rights  and to the extent full allocation cannot be made  pro rata to the number of units subscribed for. Thirdly to investors who have entered into guarantee undertakings  pro rata in relation to respective guarantee commitment. Insofar allocation cannot be done pro rata in any of the above stages  allocation will be done by lottery. Subscription and payment Subscription of units with unit rights shall be made by simultaneous cash payment to an account designated by the Company during the period commencing on Thursday 13 July 2023 up to and including Thursday 27 July 2023. Subscription of units without unit rights shall be made during the same period on a specific form for notice of subscription. Payment for units that have been subscribed for without preferential rights shall be made to an account designated by the Company at latest three (3) banking days after distribution of the contract note which specifies notice of allocation. It is noted that the board of directors is entitled to admit payment for the shares through set-off against debts according to Chapter 13 Section 41 of the Swedish Companies Act. The board of directors is entitled to extend the subscription and payment period. Specific conditions for the warrants of series TO3 One (1) warrant of series TO3 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share in the Company. The subscription price upon new subscription is SEK 0.48. The amount that exceeds the quota value of the shares shall be transferred to the free premium reserve. Subscription of shares in the Company by exercising warrants of series TO3 shall take place from the period commencing on 15 March 2024 up to and including 29 March 2024. Complete terms and conditions are included in the board of directors’ complete proposal. Right to dividends Companies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB The new shares carry a right to dividends for the first time on the record date for dividends that occurs immediately after the new shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. The new shares issued following exercise of warrants of series TO3 shall carry a right to dividend for the first time on the record date for dividend that occurs immediately after the new shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. Other Documents in accordance with Chapter 13 Section 6 and Chapter 14 Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act have been prepared and are kept available at the Company’s office. The board of directors’ proposal presupposes  and is conditional on  that the EGM resolves on amendment of the articles of association in accordance with item 6 above. The resolution further presupposes approval of issue of shares and warrants in accordance with item 8 below. The board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the board of directors shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments of the decision required in connection with the registration thereof.Item 8. Resolution on approval of new issue of shares and warrants The board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve the board of directors’ resolution of 8 June 2023 on issue of a maximum of 187 500 000 shares and 53 571 429 warrants of series TO3  which entitles the right to subscription of a total of 53 571 429 shares in the Company. Upon subscription of all issued shares  the Company’s share capital will increase by a maximum of SEK 9 375 000. If all issued warrants are exercised  the share capital may increase by an additional maximum of SEK 2 678 571.45. The issues shall be considered as one resolution and is carried out with deviation from the shareholders preferential rights on the terms and conditions set out below (the ""Directed Issue""). Right to subscribe for new shares and warrants The right to subscribe for new shares and warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  be granted to Flerie Invest AB. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is that the board of directors considers it to be beneficial for the Company’s continued development to take advantage of the opportunity to obtain capital for the Company on favorable terms and strengthen the ownership structure with a strategic and long-term shareholder. In the light of this  the board of directors has made the assessment that it is in the interest of the Company and the shareholders to carry out an issue with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights. Subscription price The subscription price per share is SEK 0.48. The subscription price has been determined in consultation with Pareto Securities AB with reference to Swedish and international market practice and prevailing market conditions with a customary discount. The amount that exceeds the quota value of the shares shall be transferred to the free premium reserve. The warrants are issued without consideration. Upon full subscription the Company will be provided with an initial amount of approximately MSEK 90 (before issue expenses). Upon full exercise of all warrants of series TO3 the Company will be provided with an additional amount of approximately MSEK 25.7 (before issue expenses). Subscription and payment Subscription of the newly issued shares and warrants of series TO3 shall be made on a separate subscription list at latest on 27 July 2023. Payment for subscribed shares shall be made in cash no later than 3 August 2023. The board of directors is entitled to extend the subscription and payment period. Specific terms and conditions for the warrants of series TO3 One (1) warrant of series TO3 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share in the Company. The subscription price upon new subscription is SEK 0.48. The amount that exceeds the quota value of the shares shall be transferred to the free premium reserve. Subscription of shares in the Company by exercising warrants of series TO3 shall take place from the period commencing on 15 March 2024 up to and including 29 March 2024. Complete terms and conditions are included in the board of directors’ complete proposal. Right to dividends Companies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB The new shares carry a right to dividends for the first time on the record date for dividends that occurs immediately after the new shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. The new shares issued following exercise of warrants of series TO3 shall carry a right to dividend for the first time on the record date for dividend that occurs immediately after the new shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. Other Documents in accordance with Chapter 13 Section 6 and Chapter 14 Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act have been prepared and are kept available at the Company’s office. The board of directors’ proposal is conditional on that the EGM resolves on amendment of the articles of association in accordance with item 6 above and approval of issue of shares and warrants (units) with preferential rights for existing shareholders in accordance with item 7 above. The board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the board of directors shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments of the decision required in connection with the registration thereof. For the present resolution to be valid it is required that the proposal is approved by shareholders holding at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANY At the time of the issuing of this notice the total number of shares and votes in the Company amounts to 202 694 512. Only one class of shares exists  and the Company has no holding of own shares.SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHT TO DEMAND INFORMATION Pursuant to Chapter 7 Section 32 and 57 of the Swedish Companies Act  the board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors deems that it can be done without significant harm to the Company  provide information at the general meeting regarding circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda.DOCUMENTS The board of directors’ complete proposals for resolutions and other documentation will be made available at the Company’s office at the address Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15 in Stockholm not later than three weeks prior to the meeting and will be sent to the shareholders who so request and provide their postal address. The documentation will also be made available on the Company’s website  www.mendus.com . All the above documents will also be presented at the meeting. Please note that this is a translation for information purposes only. In the event of any discrepancies between the Swedish and English versions  the Swedish version shall prevail. _____________________ Stockholm  June 2023 Mendus AB (publ) The Board of Directors For more information  please contact: Erik MantingChief Executive OfficerE-mail: ir@mendus.com INVESTOR RELATIONS Corey DavisLifeSci Advisors  LLCTelephone: + 1 212-915-2577E-mail: cdavis@lifesciadvisors.com MEDIA RELATIONS Mario BrkuljValency CommunicationsTelephone: +49 160 9352 9951E-mail: mbrkulj@valencycomms.eu Attachment 230608_Mendus_EGM2023_Invite_ENGAll news about MENDUS AB (PUBL) 06:20a Mendus : Fullstandiga villkor for teckningsoptioner TO3 PU 06:15a Mendus : The board of directors resolution on directed issue PU 06:15a Mendus : The board of directors resolution on rights issue PU 06:15a Mendus : Complete terms and conditions for the warrants TO3 PU 06:15a Mendus : Item 6. The board of directors complete proposal on amendment of the articles of .. PU 06:15a Mendus : Item 7. The board of directors complete proposal on approval of rights issue PU 06:15a Mendus : Item 8. The board of directors complete proposal on approval of directed issue PU 06/08 Eurozone's Q1 Recession Weigh on Most EU Markets Thursday MT 06/08 Mendus Falls 19% Amid Manufacturing Tie-up With NorthX Biologics MT 06/08 Mendus : Notice to EGM 2023 PU",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.77,0.2,0.03,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Mendus AB', 'Notice', 'Västra Trädgårdsgatan', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'multiple email addresses', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'daytime telephone number', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'annual general meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'PROPOSED AGENDA Election', 'NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARES', 'Personal data', 'Mendus AB', 'Tändstickspalatset', 'share register', 'record date', 'other documents', 'voting list', 'European Parliament', 'legal entity', 'original version', 'head office', 'two persons', 'share capital', 'preferential rights', 'Mats Dahlberg', 'Advokatfirman Delphi', 'respective nominee', 'complete information', 'corresponding document', 'Current wording', 'registration certificates', 'Such registration', 'voting registration', 'shareholders’ register', 'existing shareholders', 'First name', 'full name', ""directors' proposal"", 'possible advisors', 'attorney form', 'PROXIES Shareholders', 'BOARD Item', 'Notice', '06am', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'publ', 'Company', 'EGM', 'Monday', 'July', '09:30 a', 'Stockholm', '09:00 a', 'NOTIFICATION', 'Friday', '30 June', 'Tuesday', 'attendance', 'writing', 'letter', 'deputies', 'order', 'powers', 'authority', 'preparation', 'minutes', 'accordance', 'Council', 'ESw', 'engelska', 'addition', 'participation', 'procedures', 'proxy', 'copy', 'advance', 'website', 'chairman', 'approval', 'Presentation', 'Determination', 'Resolution', 'amendment', 'articles', 'association', 'issue', 'warrants', 'units', 'Closing', 'lawyer', 'light', 'items', 'minimum', 'SEK', 'maximum']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25913,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/08/2684409/0/en/Mendus-AB-Notice-of-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-in-Mendus-AB-publ.html,Mendus AB: Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting in Mendus AB (publ),The shareholders of Mendus AB (publ) (the “Company”)  reg. no 556629-1786  are hereby invited to the Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) on Monday  10 July 2023  at 09:30 a.m. at Tändstickspalatset  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  Stockholm. Registration for the …,"English SwedishThe shareholders of Mendus AB (publ) (the “Company”)  reg. no 556629-1786  are hereby invited to the Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) on Monday  10 July 2023  at 09:30 a.m. at Tändstickspalatset  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  Stockholm. Registration for the meeting will commence at 09:00 a.m.NOTIFICATIONShareholders who wish to attend the meeting must:both be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date on Friday  30 June 2023; and not later than on Tuesday  4 July 2023 have notified their attendance and possible advisors to the Company; either in writing via letter to Mendus AB (publ)  “EGM”  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  SE-111 53 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to info@mendus.com .The notification shall include full name  personal/corporate identity number  address  daytime telephone number and  when applicable  information about deputies  proxies and advisors. The number of advisors can be at most two. In order to facilitate registration for the meeting  the notification should  when applicable  be accompanied by powers of attorney  registration certificates and other documents of authority.Personal data obtained from the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  the notice and attendance at the meeting and data regarding deputies  proxies and advisors will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the meeting and  when applicable  the minutes from the meeting. The personal data is handled in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council). For complete information regarding how the personal data is handled  please refer to: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf .NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARESTo be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of their participation to the meeting  register the shares in their own name so that the shareholder is registered in the shareholders’ register on the record date on Friday  30 June 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting registration). Shareholders wishing to register their shares in their own name must  in accordance with the procedures of the respective nominee  request the nominee to carry out such voting registration. Voting registration requested by shareholders in such time that the registration has been made by the nominee no later than Tuesday  4 July 2023 will be considered in the preparation of the share register.PROXIESShareholders represented by a proxy shall issue a power of attorney which shall be dated and signed by the shareholder. If issued by a legal entity  the power of attorney shall be accompanied by a copy of the certificate of registration of the legal entity or  if such document does not exist  of a corresponding document of authority. A copy of the power of attorney and any certificate of registration shall be provided to the Company well in advance of the meeting. The original version of the power of attorney shall also be presented at the meeting.The Company provides a power of attorney form to the shareholders  which is available at the Company’s head office or at the Company’s website www.mendus.com .PROPOSED AGENDAElection of chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of voting list. Presentation and approval of the agenda. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened. Resolution on amendment of the articles of association (share capital and number of shares). Resolution on approval of issue of shares and warrants (units) with preferential rights for existing shareholders. Resolution on approval of issue of shares and warrants. Closing of the meeting.RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED BY THE BOARDItem 1. Election of chairman of the meetingThe board of directors proposes that the lawyer Mats Dahlberg from Advokatfirman Delphi is elected as chairman of the annual general meeting.Item 6. Resolution on amendment of the articles of association (share capital and number of shares)In the light of the board of directors' proposal for approval of issue of shares and warrants (units) with preferential rights for existing shareholders and approval of directed issue of shares and warrants in accordance with items 7-8 below  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to amend § 4 and § 5 of the articles of association as set out below.Current wordingProposed wording § 4 Share capitalThe share capital shall constitute a minimum of SEK 8 000 000 and a maximum of SEK 32 000 000. § 4 Share capitalThe share capital shall constitute a minimum of SEK 19 000 000 and a maximum of SEK 76 000 000. § 5 Number of sharesThe number of shares shall be minimum 160 000 000 and maximum 640 000 000. § 5 Number of sharesThe number of shares shall be minimum 380 000 000 and maximum 1 520 000 000.The board of directors’ proposal for resolution presupposes and is conditional upon the EGM’s approval of directed issue of shares and warrants in accordance with item 8 below  and that this issue is completed and registered at the Swedish Companies Registration Office and that the number of shares and the share capital after such registration is within the above proposed limits for the number of shares and share capital. Furthermore  the board of directors’ proposal for resolution is conditional on approval of issue of shares and warrants (units) with preferential rights for existing shareholders in accordance with item 7 below.The board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the board of directors shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments of the decision required in connection with the registration thereof.For the present resolution to be valid it is required that the proposal is approved by shareholders holding at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.Item 7. Resolution on approval of issue of shares and warrants (units) with preferential rights for existing shareholdersThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve the board of directors’ resolution of 8 June 2023 on issue of a maximum of 472 953 859 shares and 135 129 674 warrants of series TO3  which entitles the right to subscription of a total of 135 129 674 shares in the Company. Upon subscription of all issued shares  the Company’s share capital will increase by a maximum of SEK 23 647 692.95. If all issued warrants are exercised  the share capital may increase by an additional maximum of SEK 6 756 483.70.The issues shall be considered as one resolution and be conducted through issuance of units to existing shareholders with preferential rights on the terms and conditions set out below (the ""Rights Issue"").Right to subscribe for unitsThose who are registered as shareholders in the Company by the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date are entitled to subscribe for units with preferential rights in the Rights Issue. The record date for determination of which shareholders who are entitled to subscribe for units with preferential rights is Tuesday  11 July 2023.For each existing share  one (1) unit right is obtained. Three (3) unit rights give the right to subscribe for one (1) unit consisting of seven (7) shares and two (2) warrants of series TO3.Subscription of units can also be made without unit rights.Subscription priceThe subscription price per unit is SEK 3.36 corresponding to a subscription price of SEK 0.48 per share. The amount that exceeds the quota value of the shares shall be transferred to the free premium reserve. The warrants are issued without consideration.Upon full subscription the Company will be provided with an initial amount of approximately MSEK 227 (before issue expenses). Upon full exercise of all warrants of series TO3 within the frame of issued units  the Company will be provided with an additional amount of approximately MSEK 64.9 (before issue expenses).AllocationIn the event that not all units in the Rights Issue are subscribed for with unit rights  the board of directors shall  within the framework of the maximum amount of the Rights Issue  decide on the allocation of units subscribed for without unit rights. Such allocation shall be made in accordance with the following allocation principles:Firstly to those who have also subscribed for units with unit rights  regardless of whether they were shareholders on the record date or not  and to the extent full allocation cannot be made  pro rata to the number of units subscribed for with unit rights. Secondly to those who have subscribed for units without preferential rights  and to the extent full allocation cannot be made  pro rata to the number of units subscribed for. Thirdly to investors who have entered into guarantee undertakings  pro rata in relation to respective guarantee commitment. Insofar allocation cannot be done pro rata in any of the above stages  allocation will be done by lottery.Subscription and paymentSubscription of units with unit rights shall be made by simultaneous cash payment to an account designated by the Company during the period commencing on Thursday 13 July 2023 up to and including Thursday 27 July 2023. Subscription of units without unit rights shall be made during the same period on a specific form for notice of subscription. Payment for units that have been subscribed for without preferential rights shall be made to an account designated by the Company at latest three (3) banking days after distribution of the contract note which specifies notice of allocation. It is noted that the board of directors is entitled to admit payment for the shares through set-off against debts according to Chapter 13 Section 41 of the Swedish Companies Act. The board of directors is entitled to extend the subscription and payment period.Specific conditions for the warrants of series TO3One (1) warrant of series TO3 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share in the Company. The subscription price upon new subscription is SEK 0.48. The amount that exceeds the quota value of the shares shall be transferred to the free premium reserve. Subscription of shares in the Company by exercising warrants of series TO3 shall take place from the period commencing on 15 March 2024 up to and including 29 March 2024. Complete terms and conditions are included in the board of directors’ complete proposal.Right to dividendsCompanies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB The new shares carry a right to dividends for the first time on the record date for dividends that occurs immediately after the new shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. The new shares issued following exercise of warrants of series TO3 shall carry a right to dividend for the first time on the record date for dividend that occurs immediately after the new shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB.OtherDocuments in accordance with Chapter 13 Section 6 and Chapter 14 Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act have been prepared and are kept available at the Company’s office.The board of directors’ proposal presupposes  and is conditional on  that the EGM resolves on amendment of the articles of association in accordance with item 6 above. The resolution further presupposes approval of issue of shares and warrants in accordance with item 8 below.The board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the board of directors shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments of the decision required in connection with the registration thereof.Item 8. Resolution on approval of new issue of shares and warrantsThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve the board of directors’ resolution of 8 June 2023 on issue of a maximum of 187 500 000 shares and 53 571 429 warrants of series TO3  which entitles the right to subscription of a total of 53 571 429 shares in the Company. Upon subscription of all issued shares  the Company’s share capital will increase by a maximum of SEK 9 375 000. If all issued warrants are exercised  the share capital may increase by an additional maximum of SEK 2 678 571.45.The issues shall be considered as one resolution and is carried out with deviation from the shareholders preferential rights on the terms and conditions set out below (the ""Directed Issue"").Right to subscribe for new shares and warrantsThe right to subscribe for new shares and warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  be granted to Flerie Invest AB. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is that the board of directors considers it to be beneficial for the Company’s continued development to take advantage of the opportunity to obtain capital for the Company on favorable terms and strengthen the ownership structure with a strategic and long-term shareholder. In the light of this  the board of directors has made the assessment that it is in the interest of the Company and the shareholders to carry out an issue with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights.Subscription priceThe subscription price per share is SEK 0.48. The subscription price has been determined in consultation with Pareto Securities AB with reference to Swedish and international market practice and prevailing market conditions with a customary discount. The amount that exceeds the quota value of the shares shall be transferred to the free premium reserve. The warrants are issued without consideration.Upon full subscription the Company will be provided with an initial amount of approximately MSEK 90 (before issue expenses). Upon full exercise of all warrants of series TO3 the Company will be provided with an additional amount of approximately MSEK 25.7 (before issue expenses).Subscription and paymentSubscription of the newly issued shares and warrants of series TO3 shall be made on a separate subscription list at latest on 27 July 2023. Payment for subscribed shares shall be made in cash no later than 3 August 2023. The board of directors is entitled to extend the subscription and payment period.Specific terms and conditions for the warrants of series TO3One (1) warrant of series TO3 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share in the Company. The subscription price upon new subscription is SEK 0.48. The amount that exceeds the quota value of the shares shall be transferred to the free premium reserve. Subscription of shares in the Company by exercising warrants of series TO3 shall take place from the period commencing on 15 March 2024 up to and including 29 March 2024. Complete terms and conditions are included in the board of directors’ complete proposal.Right to dividendsCompanies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB The new shares carry a right to dividends for the first time on the record date for dividends that occurs immediately after the new shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. The new shares issued following exercise of warrants of series TO3 shall carry a right to dividend for the first time on the record date for dividend that occurs immediately after the new shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and have been recorded in share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB.OtherDocuments in accordance with Chapter 13 Section 6 and Chapter 14 Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act have been prepared and are kept available at the Company’s office.The board of directors’ proposal is conditional on that the EGM resolves on amendment of the articles of association in accordance with item 6 above and approval of issue of shares and warrants (units) with preferential rights for existing shareholders in accordance with item 7 above.The board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the board of directors shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments of the decision required in connection with the registration thereof.For the present resolution to be valid it is required that the proposal is approved by shareholders holding at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANYAt the time of the issuing of this notice the total number of shares and votes in the Company amounts to 202 694 512. Only one class of shares exists  and the Company has no holding of own shares.SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHT TO DEMAND INFORMATIONPursuant to Chapter 7 Section 32 and 57 of the Swedish Companies Act  the board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors deems that it can be done without significant harm to the Company  provide information at the general meeting regarding circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda.DOCUMENTSThe board of directors’ complete proposals for resolutions and other documentation will be made available at the Company’s office at the address Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15 in Stockholm not later than three weeks prior to the meeting and will be sent to the shareholders who so request and provide their postal address. The documentation will also be made available on the Company’s website  www.mendus.com . All the above documents will also be presented at the meeting.Please note that this is a translation for information purposes only. In the event of any discrepancies between the Swedish and English versions  the Swedish version shall prevail._____________________Stockholm  June 2023Mendus AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Erik MantingChief Executive OfficerE-mail: ir@mendus.comINVESTOR RELATIONSCorey DavisLifeSci Advisors  LLCTelephone: + 1 212-915-2577E-mail: cdavis@lifesciadvisors.comMEDIA RELATIONSMario BrkuljValency CommunicationsTelephone: +49 160 9352 9951E-mail: mbrkulj@valencycomms.euAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.68,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Mendus AB', 'Notice', 'Västra Trädgårdsgatan', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'daytime telephone number', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'annual general meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARES', 'Personal data', 'Mendus AB', 'English Swedish', 'Tändstickspalatset', 'share register', 'record date', 'other documents', 'voting list', 'European Parliament', 'legal entity', 'original version', 'head office', 'two persons', 'share capital', 'preferential rights', 'Mats Dahlberg', 'Advokatfirman Delphi', 'respective nominee', 'complete information', 'corresponding document', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'Current wording', 'registration certificates', 'Such registration', 'voting registration', 'shareholders’ register', 'existing shareholders', ""directors' proposal"", 'possible advisors', 'full name', 'attorney form', 'The Company', 'EGM', 'Monday', 'July', '09:30 a', 'Stockholm', '09:00 a', 'NOTIFICATION', 'Friday', 'June', 'Tuesday', 'attendance', 'writing', 'letter', 'publ', 'mail', 'address', 'deputies', 'proxies', 'order', 'powers', 'authority', 'notice', 'preparation', 'minutes', 'accordance', 'Council', 'ESw', 'engelska', 'addition', 'participation', 'procedures', 'proxy', 'copy', 'advance', 'website', 'Election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'Presentation', 'Determination', 'Resolution', 'amendment', 'articles', 'association', 'issue', 'warrants', 'units', 'Closing', 'BOARD', 'Item', 'lawyer', 'light', 'minimum', 'SEK', 'maximum']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,globenewswire.com
25914,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRUECALLER-AB-PUBL-127708984/news/Truecaller-Appendice-8-share-program-44071345/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Truecaller : Appendice 8 - share program,(marketscreener.com)   The Board of Directors' of Truecaller AB  reg. no. 559278-2774   proposal for resolution on the implementation of a long-term share program and hedging arrangements in respect of the program    The Board of Directors proposes that …,"Truecaller : Appendice 8 - share program 06/08/2023 | 07:13am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields The Board of Directors' of Truecaller AB  reg. no. 559278-2774 (the ""Company"")  proposal for resolution on the implementation of a long-term share program and hedging arrangements in respect of the program (Item 17) The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on: implementation of a long-term share program (the "" Share Program 2023 "") for employees in the Truecaller group who do not participate in any existing incentive programs in the Truecaller group; and hedging arrangements in respect of the Share Program 2023  consisting of: an authorization for the Board of Directors to decide on a directed issue of redeemable and convertible C shares; an authorization for the Board of Directors to decide on a repurchase of C shares; and transfers of own ordinary shares of series B to Share Program 2023 participants (employees in the Truecaller group). Should the majority requirement under item 17 (B) not be reached  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting approves that the Company enters into an equity swap agreement with a third party (item 17 (C)). Implementation of Share Program 2023 (Item 17 (A)) The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on the implementation of the Share Program 2023 in accordance with the below. Objectives and reasons for the proposal Truecaller has during a number of years resolved to implement long-term incentive programs. The Board of Directors has  when evaluating previous incentive programs  concluded that it would be effective to resolve on implementing a new incentive program at the Annual General Meeting for employees in the Truecaller group who do not participate in any existing incentive programs in the Truecaller group. Consequently  the Share Program 2023 is structured to create long-term incentives for members of the senior executives and certain other employees in order to improve Truecaller's development and create long-term values. In view of the terms proposed below  the size of the allotment and other circumstances  the Board of Directors assesses that Share Program 2023 is well- balanced and that it will be beneficial for the Company and its shareholders. Description of Share Program 2023 The Share Program 2023 shall comprise not more than 500 000 ordinary shares of series B in Truecaller  corresponding to approximately 0.13 percent of the total number of issued shares and approximately 0.06 percent of the total number of votes in Truecaller. 1 The Share Program 2023 is proposed to include senior executives and key employees who do not participate in any existing incentive programs in the Truecaller group ("" Group 1 "") together 1 Excluding dilution as a result of previous incentive programs and excluding dilution as a result of employee stock option program 2023  which is proposed under item 16 in the notice to the Annual General Meeting 2023. with certain other employees who do not participate in any existing incentive programs in the Truecaller group (""Group 2"") (jointly the ""Participants""). It is proposed that the Share Program 2023 shall grant the possibility of allotment of ordinary shares of series B free of charge ("" Performance Shares "")  subject to the fulfilment of the performance target during certain measurement periods (the "" Performance Periods ""). Under the Share Program 2023  the Participants will receive a certain number of rights free of charge  which entitle the Participants to receive a certain number of ordinary shares of series B in the Company following the expiration of a vesting period of three and four years  respectively ("" Performance Share Rights ""). At the implementation of the Share Program 2023  each Performance Share Right entitles the holder to one (1) ordinary share of series B (subject to the achievement of the Share Program 2023's performance target). Allotment of 1/2 of the Performance Shares shall take place in June 2026 and allotment of 1/2 of the Performance Shares shall take place in June 2027. Any allotment of ordinary shares of series B pursuant to Performance Share Rights will be subject to the achievement of the performance target  as set out below  and will generally require that the Participant retains his or her employment until the respective allotment date (the "" Vesting Period ""). Within Group 1  allotment per Participant will depend on performance and position within the group and may not exceed 100 000 Performance Share Rights per Participant. The number of Participants in Group 1 shall not exceed 40 persons. Within Group 2  allotment per Participant will depend on performance and position within the group and may not exceed 30 000 Performance Share Rights per Participant. The number of Participants in Group 2 shall not exceed 80 persons. For full allotment  the Company must achieve a combination of revenue growth rate (%) and adjusted EBITDA (%) of at least 35 percent annually  on average during the three financial years preceding the respective allotment date. In the event that the performance target falls below 35 percent  the allotment of Performance Shares shall decrease linearly  and in the event that the performance target falls below 10 percent  no allotment of Performance Shares shall be made. Accordingly  the Performance Periods for Participants run during the financial years 2023  2024 and 2025 with respect to 1/2 of the Performance Shares and during the financial years 2024  2025 and 2026 with respect to 1/2 of the Performance Shares. The actual allotment of Performance Share Rights to Participants  within the limits set out above  is decided by the Board of Directors and may be reduced proportionally based on the respective person's performance and time of employment within the Truecaller group. The right to receive ordinary shares of series B under the Performance Share Rights is conditioned on continued employment within the Truecaller group. Should the employment with the Truecaller group terminate due to redundancy  illness  retirement pursuant to a succession plan approved by the Truecaller group (or similar)  the Participant may keep the Performance Share Rights not yet vested pro rata in relation to the time passed since the date the Performance Share Rights were allotted until the termination date  and the remainder of the rights will lapse. Should the Participant's employment with the Truecaller group terminate due to any other reason prior to the expiration of the Vesting Period  all Performance Share Rights held by the Participant will normally lapse. Performance Share Rights shall not constitute securities and may not be transferred  pledged or otherwise disposed of by the Participant. Any allotment of ordinary shares of series B pursuant at vesting of the Performance Shares Rights depends on the extent to which the performance target is met during the Performance Periods  thereby establishing what portion (if any) of the Performance Share Rights that will give the Participants right to receive ordinary shares of series B at the end of the Vesting Period. The Company will provide information to the shareholders to what extent the performance target has been achieved after the end of each Performance Period. In total  not more than one Performance Share per Performance Share Right may be allocated (disregarding any recalculation under the terms of the Share Program 2023). Provided that the performance target above has been met during the relevant Performance Period and the Participant has retained his or her employment (unless special circumstances are at hand)  allotment of 1/2 of the Performance Shares shall take place in June 2026 and allotment of 1/2 of the Performance Shares shall take place in June 2027. When determining the final vesting level of Performance Share Rights  the Board of Directors shall examine whether the vesting level is reasonable considering Truecaller's financial results and position  conditions on the stock market and other circumstances  and if not  as determined by the Board of Directors  reduce the vesting level to the lower level deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors. In order to align the Participants' and shareholders' interests  Truecaller will compensate for any dividends and other value transfers to the shareholders during the Vesting Period by increasing the number of shares to which each Performance Share Right entitles and/or by adjusting the performance target. The performance target and/or the number of ordinary shares of series B in Truecaller which each Performance Share Right entitles the Participant to receive may be recalculated as a result of e.g. bonus issues  reverse splits or splits of shares  interim dividend  new share issues  reductions of the share capital  or similar actions. The transfer of shares may be accelerated as a result of any merger  change of control or similar actions. The Board of Directors shall resolve on the detailed terms and conditions for the Share Program 2023 and  in the event of company related events  market conditions  local legislation or other rules  regulatory changes  or other events  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make deviations from and adjustments of the terms and conditions of the Share Program 2023 or settle all or part of the Performance Shares in cash. Costs and effects on important key ratios The costs of the Share Program 2023  which are charged in the profit and loss account  are calculated in accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 2 and distributed over the Vesting Period. The calculation has been made based on the following assumptions: (i) a market price of the Truecaller ordinary share of series B of SEK 28.30 based on the closing price as of 24 April 2023  (ii) no dividends are paid by Truecaller during the Share Program 2023  (iii) an assessment of total Performance Shares earned during the Vesting Period of 90 percent and (iv) an employee turnover of 10 percent per year. In total  this can lead to maximum costs for the Share Program 2023 of approximately SEK 14 million  excluding social security costs. The costs for social security charges are estimated to approximately SEK 4 million assuming an annual share price increase of 45 percent during the Vesting Period. The expected annual costs of the Share Program 2023  including annualized social security charges of approximately SEK 1 million  would have corresponded to approximately 1.3 percent of Truecaller's total annual employee costs 2022. Given the above assumptions regarding scope and costs  and that the Share Program 2023 was introduced in 2021 instead  it is estimated that the key ratio earnings per share for the full year 2022 had decreased from SEK 1.43 to approximately SEK 1.42. The Board of Directors deems that the positive effects on earnings that are expected to result from increased share ownership among senior executives and other employees  which may be further increased through the Share Program 2023  outweighs the costs related to the Share Program 2023. Dilution Upon full allotment of Performance Shares  the number of shares under the Share Program 2023 amounts to 500 000 ordinary shares of series B in Truecaller  corresponding to a dilution effect of approximately 0.13 percent of the share capital and approximately 0.06 percent of the votes based on the number of issued shares as per the day of this proposal. Preparation of the proposal  etc. The proposal regarding Share Program 2023 has been prepared by the Board of Directors in consultation with external advisors. No employee that may be included in the program has taken part in the drafting thereof. Description of ongoing variable compensation programs Truecaller's ongoing share-based incentive programs and variable compensation to senior executives will be described in the annual report for 2022  in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. The Board of Directors' accounts of the remuneration committee's evaluation of the principles for remuneration to senior executives  which are published on Truecaller's website  describes how Truecaller applies its principles for remuneration to senior executives in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act. Hedging arrangements in respect of the Share Program 2023 (Item 17 (B)) The Board of Directors has evaluated different methods to secure the financial exposure and transfer of shares in accordance with the Share Program 2023  such as transfer of own shares and an equity swap agreement with a third party. The Board of Directors considers a directed issue of redeemable and convertible series C shares and transfer of such shares to the Participants (following conversion of the shares to ordinary shares of series B) to be the most cost-effective and flexible method for hedging the financial exposure and transfer of own shares under the Share Program 2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the main option to secure the financial exposure shall be transfer of own shares (item 17 (B))  since the cost associated with an equity swap agreement vastly exceeds the costs of transferring own shares. Should the majority requirement under item 17 (B) not be reached  the Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting approves the entering into an equity swap agreement with a third party (item 17 (C)). Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve to issue redeemable and convertible C shares (Item 17 (B) (I)) Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve to issue redeemable and convertible C shares  on one or more occasions  until the next Annual General Meeting. The issue shall be effected on the following terms. The number of C shares that may be issued may amount to no more than 500 000.The new C shares shall - with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights - be subscribed for only by an external party who has been informed in advance.pre-emptive rights - be subscribed for only by an external party who has been informed in advance. The price to be paid for each new share shall correspond to the quotient value of the share at the time of the subscription of the shares. 2The new shares will be subject to restrictions as set forth in Chapter 4  Section 6 (conversion provision) and Chapter 20  Section 31 (redemption provision) of the Swedish Companies Act (SFS 2005:551). Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve to repurchase all issued redeemable and convertible series C shares (Item 17 (B) (II)) Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve to repurchase all issued redeemable and convertible C shares in the Company on the following terms. Repurchase may be effected through a public offer directed to all owners of C shares in the Company.The authorization is valid and may be exercised on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2024.The number of C shares permitted to be repurchased shall amount to no more than 500 000.Repurchase of shares shall be made at the quotient value  applicable at the time of the subscription of shares according to item 17 (B) (I) above.Payment for shares repurchased shall be made in cash.The Board of Directors shall be authorized to establish additional terms for the repurchase.The authorization shall also be valid for repurchase of so-called interim shares  designated by Euroclear Sweden AB as a ""paid subscribed share"" (Sw. BTA ) relating to a C share. The repurchase of own shares is an integrated part of the hedging arrangements for the Share Program 2023. The reason for the proposed authorization to repurchase own shares is for the Company to be able to fulfil its obligations pursuant to the Share Program 2023 in a cost effective manner. Resolution on transfer of own ordinary shares of series B to Participants in the Share Program 2023 (Item 17 (B) (III)) 2 As per the day of this proposal  the share's quotient value is SEK 0.002. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Truecaller AB published this content on 08 June 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 08 June 2023 11:12:31 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about TRUECALLER AB (PUBL) 06/08 Truecaller : Minutes from the AGM 2023 PU 06/08 Truecaller : Appendice 2 - agenda PU 06/08 Truecaller : Appendice 4 - principles for appointment of the nomination committee PU 06/08 Truecaller : Appendice 5 - authorization regarding issues PU 06/08 Truecaller : Appendice 8 - share program PU 06/07 Truecaller's board has decided to resume share buybacks AQ 05/29 Repurchase of Truecaller B shares in week 21  2023 AQ 05/26 Bulletin from the annual general meeting in Truecaller AB on 26 May 2023 AQ 05/26 Truecaller AB Appoints Nami Zarringhalam as New Chairman of the Board of Directors CI 05/22 Repurchase of Truecaller B shares in week 20  2023 AQ",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.21,0.31,True,English,"['share program', 'Truecaller', 'Appendice', 'employee stock option program', 'multiple email addresses', 'Annual General Meeting', 'existing incentive programs', 'equity swap agreement', 'previous incentive programs', 'revenue growth rate', 'long-term incentive programs', 'new incentive program', 'Performance Share Right', 'one (1) ordinary share', 'convertible C shares', 'respective allotment date', 'long-term share program', 'The Share Program', 'long-term incentives', 'long-term values', 'Performance Shares', 'performance target', 'Performance Periods', 'ordinary shares', 'hedging arrangements', 'series B', 'majority requirement', 'third party', 'senior executives', 'other circumstances', 'measurement periods', 'vesting period', 'The Board', 'Truecaller AB', 'First name', 'other employees', 'key employees', 'four years', 'full allotment', 'total number', 'Truecaller group', 'rights', 'Group 1', 'Group 2', 'Appendice', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'Directors', 'reg', 'Company', 'resolution', 'implementation', 'authorization', 'issue', 'redeemable', 'repurchase', 'transfers', '2023 participants', 'item', 'accordance', 'Objectives', 'reasons', 'proposal', 'members', 'order', 'development', 'view', 'terms', 'size', 'shareholders', 'Description', '0.13 percent', '0.06 percent', 'votes', 'dilution', 'result', 'notice', 'possibility', 'charge', 'fulfilment', 'free', 'expiration', 'three', 'achievement', 'place', 'June', '1/2', 'employment', 'position', '40 persons', '80 persons', 'combination', 'EBITDA']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25915,Euroclear,Bing API,https://interfax.com/newsroom/top-stories/91372/,Central Bank considers exchange of assets frozen in Russia and EU possible - Nabiullina,The Central Bank of Russia is considering various options for exchanging the assets of investors that are frozen in Russia and the EU and considers this possible  Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina said.,"Central Bank considers exchange of assets frozen in Russia and EU possible - NabiullinaMOSCOW. June 9 (Interfax) - The Central Bank of Russia is considering various options for exchanging the assets of investors that are frozen in Russia and the EU and considers this possible  Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina said.""Generally  we believe there can be an exchange of frozen assets  but within the framework of a swap. This is because assets are still frozen on both sides  they have not been confiscated "" Nabiullina said at a press conference on Friday.Nabiullina said at conference organized by NAUFOR  the National Association of Securities Market Participant  in the middle of May that there was no prospect of an ""all-out swap"" of frozen assets with unfriendly countries in the near future  which is a political issue.Russian investors had about 5.7 trillion rubles in assets blocked in European depositaries Euroclear and Clearstream as of the end of November  the CBR has estimated.The total volume of funds in special Type C ruble accounts  which  among other things  freeze income from securities owned by ""unfriendly"" non-residents  exceeded 280 billion rubles as of the beginning of November 2022. The Central Bank has not disclosed this indicator since then. Sources told Interfax the figure approached 600 billion rubles at the end of 2022. Central Bank First Deputy Governor Vladimir Chistyukhin told Interfax in an interview in the middle of May that the volume of funds in these accounts continued to increase.Relations between European central depositories Euroclear and Clearstream and Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) were essentially cut off almost immediately after the start of the military operation in Ukraine last year. At the time  Russia  responding to tough sanctions  imposed currency and capital restrictions  while the European settlement and clearing systems closed ruble ""bridges"" and the option of settlements in rubles. The NSD  a division of the Moscow Exchange Group  imposed restrictions on transactions on Euroclear and Clearstream accounts at the beginning of March 2022 on the recommendation of the Central Bank of Russia (CBR).At the beginning of June 2022  the European Union imposed sanctions on the NSD  leading to its accounts being blocked at Euroclear and Clearstream. Russian investors had about 5.7 trillion rubles in assets blocked in foreign infrastructure as of the end of November  the CBR estimated.The European Commission issued clarifications in early October under which the authorities of some EU members could allow transactions necessary to close contracts and agreements entered into prior to the imposition of sanctions against the NSD on June 3 until January 7  2023. Russian market participants filed requests for general licenses from the finance ministries of Belgium and Luxembourg to unblock the assets of all investors not subject to sanctions  but there have still not been any reports about the approval of any major request.Nabiullina said at a press conference on April 28 that the CBR is aware of isolated responses  both positive and negative  to applications to unfreeze Russian investors' assets in Euroclear and Clearstream  but that there was no common trend to the unfreezing of these assets.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['Central Bank', 'exchange', 'assets', 'Russia', 'EU', 'Nabiullina', 'Central Bank First Deputy Governor Vladimir Chistyukhin', 'special Type C ruble accounts', 'Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina', 'The Central Bank', 'European central depositories', 'Russian market participants', 'The European Commission', 'Securities Market Participant', 'National Settlement Depository', 'Moscow Exchange Group', ""Russian investors' assets"", 'ruble ""bridges', 'European settlement', 'National Association', 'European depositaries', 'European Union', 'various options', 'unfriendly countries', 'near future', 'political issue', 'other things', 'unfriendly"" non-residents', 'military operation', 'clearing systems', 'The NSD', 'foreign infrastructure', 'early October', 'general licenses', 'finance ministries', 'major request', 'isolated responses', 'common trend', '5.7 trillion rubles', '280 billion rubles', '600 billion rubles', 'press conference', 'total volume', 'capital restrictions', 'Clearstream accounts', 'EU members', 'frozen assets', 'tough sanctions', 'June', 'Interfax', 'framework', 'swap', 'sides', 'Friday', 'NAUFOR', 'middle', 'May', 'prospect', 'Euroclear', 'November', 'CBR', 'funds', 'income', 'beginning', 'indicator', 'Sources', 'figure', 'interview', 'Relations', 'start', 'Ukraine', 'time', 'currency', 'settlements', 'division', 'transactions', 'March', 'recommendation', 'clarifications', 'authorities', 'contracts', 'agreements', 'January', 'requests', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'reports', 'approval', 'April', 'applications', 'unfreezing', '2022']",2023-06-09,2023-06-09,interfax.com
25916,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.bignewsnetwork.com/news/273859540/russian-retaliation-to-eu-assets-seizure-revealed,Russian retaliation to EU assets seizure revealed,Nearly 3 billion in assets belonging to Euroclear and Clearstream have been blocked in Russia in response to Western seizures Read Full Article at RTcom,Nearly 3 billion in assets belonging to Euroclear and Clearstream have been blocked in Russia in response to Western seizures Read Full Article at RTcom,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,neutral,0.0,0.89,0.1,True,English,"['EU assets seizure', 'Russian retaliation', 'Western seizures', 'Full Article', 'assets', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'Russia', 'response', 'RTcom']",2023-06-09,2023-06-09,bignewsnetwork.com
25917,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-vicore-pharma-holding-ab-publ-1686274800,Notice of extraordinary general meeting of Vicore Pharma Holding AB (publ),Right to participate in the extraordinary general meeting and notice of participation. Participation in the Extraordinary General Meeting at the venue. A shareholder who wishes to,Right to participate in the extraordinary general meeting and notice of participationParticipation in the Extraordinary General Meeting at the venueA shareholder who wishes to participate in the General Meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must (i) be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 27 June 2023  and (ii) no later than 29 June 2023 give notice by post to Vicore Pharma Holding AB (publ)  att. Nina Carlén  Kornhamnstorg 53  SE-111 27 Stockholm  Sweden  or via e-mail to nina.carlen@vicorepharma.com. When providing such notice  the shareholder shall state name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying assistant(s) (maximum two assistants)  as well as information about any proxy.If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written  dated proxy for the representative must be issued. A proxy form is available on the company’s website  www.vicorepharma.com. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. To facilitate the registration at the General Meeting  the proxy and the certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be sent to the company as set out above so that it is received no later than 4 July 2023.Participation by advance votingA shareholder who wishes to participate in the General Meeting by advance voting must (i) be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 27 June 2023  and (ii) give notice no later than 29 June 2023 by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the advance vote is received by Vicore Pharma no later than on that day.A shareholder who wishes to participate in the General Meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must give notice thereof in accordance with what is set out under Participation in the Extraordinary General Meeting at the venue above. This means that a notification by advance vote is not sufficient for a person who wishes to participate at the venue.A special form shall be used when advance voting. The advance voting form is available on the company’s website www.vicorepharma.com. A completed and signed form may be submitted by post to Vicore Pharma Holding AB (publ)  att. Nina Carlén  Kornhamnstorg 53  SE-111 27 Stockholm  Sweden  or via e-mail to nina.carlen@vicorepharma.com. The completed form shall be received by Vicore Pharma not later than 29 June 2023. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.If a shareholder votes by proxy  a written and dated proxy shall be enclosed to the advance voting form. A proxy form is available on the company’s website www.vicorepharma.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. If a shareholder has voted in advance and then attends the General Meeting in person or through a proxy  the advance vote is still valid except to the extent the shareholder participates in a voting procedure at the General Meeting or otherwise withdraws its casted advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting at the General Meeting  the vote cast will replace the advance vote with regard to the relevant item on the agenda.Nominee-registered sharesTo be entitled to participate in the General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on 27 June 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than 29 June 2023 are taken into account when preparing the share register.Number of shares and votesAs per the date of this notice there are a total of 81 847 979 shares outstanding in the company that entitle to one vote per share at the general meeting. As per the date of this notice the company holds no treasury shares.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting Election of chairman of the general meeting Preparation and approval of the voting register Approval of the agenda Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes Determination of whether the general meeting was duly convened Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors’ resolution on new issue of shares Closing of the general meetingItem 2 – Election of chairman of the general meetingThe Board of Directors proposes that the chairman of the Board of Directors Jacob Gunterberg  or the person elected by the Board of Directors if he has an impediment to attend  is elected chairman of the general meeting.Item 7 – Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors’ resolution on new issue of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves  subject to that a prospectus is approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority no later than seven business days following the extraordinary general meeting  to approve the resolution by the Board of Directors on 9 June 2023 on a directed share issue of no more than 20 675 000 new shares  resulting in an increase of the share capital of no more than SEK 10 337 499.899637. The resolution shall otherwise be governed by the following terms and conditions:1. The right to subscribe for the new shares shall  with deviation from the shareholder’s pre-emption rights  be granted Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ) (“Carnegie”) solely  which acts as settlement bank in the new issue on behalf of a number of institutional investors.2. The reasons for the deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emption rights are that the company shall  in a timely manner  be able to secure the capital need for the company’s operations  as well as to broaden the ownership structure of the company with Swedish and international institutional investors.3. The subscription price shall be the shares’ quota value. The subscription price has been determined based on an agreement with Carnegie.4. Subscription for the newly issued shares shall be made no later than on 31 July 2023. Subscription shall be made on a separate subscription list. The Board of Directors shall have the right to extend the subscription period.5. Payment for the subscribed shares shall be made no later than on 31 July 2023. The Board of Directors shall have the right to extend the payment period.6. The new shares shall entitle to dividends for the first time on the record date that occurs immediately following the registration of the new shares in the company’s share register.Carl-Johan Dalsgaard  or whoever he appoints  shall have the right to make any adjustments or amendments of the above resolutions which may be required in connection with the registration of such resolutions and to take any measures deemed necessary for the execution of the resolutions. Including making the minor adjustments that may be required in connection with registration by the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB  or for other formal reasons  including but not limited to ensuring that the so called interim shares (Sw. BTA) shall be delivered to the subscribers.Majority requirementsA resolution in accordance with item 7 above requires approval of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the shares represented and votes cast at the general meeting.Shareholders’ right to request informationShareholders are reminded of their right to  at the general meeting  obtain information from the Board of Directors and CEO in accordance with Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act. Shareholders wishing to submit questions in advance may do so by sending post to Vicore Pharma Holding AB (publ)  attn. Nina Carlén  Kornhamnstorg 53  SE-111 27 Stockholm  Sweden or via e-mail to nina.carlen@vicorepharma.com.Other informationRelevant documents will be held available at the company’ s office on Kornhamnstorg 53  SE-111 27 Stockholm  Sweden and on the company’s website  www.vicorepharma.com  at least three weeks before the general meeting. Copies of the documents will be sent to the shareholders who so requests and informs the company of their postal address.For information on how your personal data is processed  see the integrity policy that is available on Euroclear’s website: www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf_____________________This is an in-house translation of the Swedish original wording. In case of differences between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish version shall prevail._____________________Stockholm  June 2023Vicore Pharma Holding AB (publ)The Board of Directors,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.51,0.12,0.37,True,English,"['Vicore Pharma Holding AB', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Notice', 'Vicore Pharma Holding AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Nina Carlén', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'corporate registration number', 'advance voting form', 'voting right registration', 'nina.carlen', 'voting procedure', 'voting register', 'accompanying assistant', 'two assistants', 'legal entity', 'right registrations', 'two persons', 'new issue', 'Jacob Gunterberg', 'special form', 'completed form', 'share register', 'telephone number', 'advance vote', 'Such registration', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'relevant item', 'state name', 'one vote', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'treasury shares', 'proxy form', 'equivalent certificate', 'Directors’ resolution', 'dated proxy', 'agenda Election', '81,847,979 shares', 'notice', 'participation', 'venue', 'shareholder', 'circumstances', '27 June', '29 June', 'post', 'publ', 'Kornhamnstorg', 'Stockholm', 'mail', 'vicorepharma', 'personal', 'address', 'information', 'written', 'representative', 'website', 'authority', '4 July', 'accordance', 'day', 'notification', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'extent', 'regard', 'addition', 'procedures', 'time', 'account', 'votes', 'total', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Board']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,privataaffarer.se
25918,Clearstream,Bing API,https://interfax.com/newsroom/top-stories/91372/,Central Bank considers exchange of assets frozen in Russia and EU possible - Nabiullina,The Central Bank of Russia is considering various options for exchanging the assets of investors that are frozen in Russia and the EU and considers this possible  Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina said.,"Central Bank considers exchange of assets frozen in Russia and EU possible - NabiullinaMOSCOW. June 9 (Interfax) - The Central Bank of Russia is considering various options for exchanging the assets of investors that are frozen in Russia and the EU and considers this possible  Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina said.""Generally  we believe there can be an exchange of frozen assets  but within the framework of a swap. This is because assets are still frozen on both sides  they have not been confiscated "" Nabiullina said at a press conference on Friday.Nabiullina said at conference organized by NAUFOR  the National Association of Securities Market Participant  in the middle of May that there was no prospect of an ""all-out swap"" of frozen assets with unfriendly countries in the near future  which is a political issue.Russian investors had about 5.7 trillion rubles in assets blocked in European depositaries Euroclear and Clearstream as of the end of November  the CBR has estimated.The total volume of funds in special Type C ruble accounts  which  among other things  freeze income from securities owned by ""unfriendly"" non-residents  exceeded 280 billion rubles as of the beginning of November 2022. The Central Bank has not disclosed this indicator since then. Sources told Interfax the figure approached 600 billion rubles at the end of 2022. Central Bank First Deputy Governor Vladimir Chistyukhin told Interfax in an interview in the middle of May that the volume of funds in these accounts continued to increase.Relations between European central depositories Euroclear and Clearstream and Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) were essentially cut off almost immediately after the start of the military operation in Ukraine last year. At the time  Russia  responding to tough sanctions  imposed currency and capital restrictions  while the European settlement and clearing systems closed ruble ""bridges"" and the option of settlements in rubles. The NSD  a division of the Moscow Exchange Group  imposed restrictions on transactions on Euroclear and Clearstream accounts at the beginning of March 2022 on the recommendation of the Central Bank of Russia (CBR).At the beginning of June 2022  the European Union imposed sanctions on the NSD  leading to its accounts being blocked at Euroclear and Clearstream. Russian investors had about 5.7 trillion rubles in assets blocked in foreign infrastructure as of the end of November  the CBR estimated.The European Commission issued clarifications in early October under which the authorities of some EU members could allow transactions necessary to close contracts and agreements entered into prior to the imposition of sanctions against the NSD on June 3 until January 7  2023. Russian market participants filed requests for general licenses from the finance ministries of Belgium and Luxembourg to unblock the assets of all investors not subject to sanctions  but there have still not been any reports about the approval of any major request.Nabiullina said at a press conference on April 28 that the CBR is aware of isolated responses  both positive and negative  to applications to unfreeze Russian investors' assets in Euroclear and Clearstream  but that there was no common trend to the unfreezing of these assets.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['Central Bank', 'exchange', 'assets', 'Russia', 'EU', 'Nabiullina', 'Central Bank First Deputy Governor Vladimir Chistyukhin', 'special Type C ruble accounts', 'Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina', 'The Central Bank', 'European central depositories', 'Russian market participants', 'The European Commission', 'Securities Market Participant', 'National Settlement Depository', 'Moscow Exchange Group', ""Russian investors' assets"", 'ruble ""bridges', 'European settlement', 'National Association', 'European depositaries', 'European Union', 'various options', 'unfriendly countries', 'near future', 'political issue', 'other things', 'unfriendly"" non-residents', 'military operation', 'clearing systems', 'The NSD', 'foreign infrastructure', 'early October', 'general licenses', 'finance ministries', 'major request', 'isolated responses', 'common trend', '5.7 trillion rubles', '280 billion rubles', '600 billion rubles', 'press conference', 'total volume', 'capital restrictions', 'Clearstream accounts', 'EU members', 'frozen assets', 'tough sanctions', 'June', 'Interfax', 'framework', 'swap', 'sides', 'Friday', 'NAUFOR', 'middle', 'May', 'prospect', 'Euroclear', 'November', 'CBR', 'funds', 'income', 'beginning', 'indicator', 'Sources', 'figure', 'interview', 'Relations', 'start', 'Ukraine', 'time', 'currency', 'settlements', 'division', 'transactions', 'March', 'recommendation', 'clarifications', 'authorities', 'contracts', 'agreements', 'January', 'requests', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'reports', 'approval', 'April', 'applications', 'unfreezing', '2022']",2023-06-09,2023-06-09,interfax.com
25919,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.bignewsnetwork.com/news/273859540/russian-retaliation-to-eu-assets-seizure-revealed,Russian retaliation to EU assets seizure revealed,Nearly 3 billion in assets belonging to Euroclear and Clearstream have been blocked in Russia in response to Western seizures Read Full Article at RTcom,Nearly 3 billion in assets belonging to Euroclear and Clearstream have been blocked in Russia in response to Western seizures Read Full Article at RTcom,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,neutral,0.0,0.89,0.1,True,English,"['EU assets seizure', 'Russian retaliation', 'Western seizures', 'Full Article', 'assets', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'Russia', 'response', 'RTcom']",2023-06-09,2023-06-09,bignewsnetwork.com
25920,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/53-institutional-ownership-deutsche-b-063913968.html,With 53% institutional ownership  Deutsche Börse AG (ETR:DB1) is a favorite amongst the big guns,Key Insights Institutions' substantial holdings in Deutsche Börse implies that they have significant influence over,Key InsightsInstitutions' substantial holdings in Deutsche Börse implies that they have significant influence over the company's share priceThe top 25 shareholders own 39% of the companyOwnership research along with analyst forecasts data help provide a good understanding of opportunities in a stockIf you want to know who really controls Deutsche Börse AG (ETR:DB1)  then you'll have to look at the makeup of its share registry. We can see that institutions own the lion's share in the company with 53% ownership. That is  the group stands to benefit the most if the stock rises (or lose the most if there is a downturn).Since institutional have access to huge amounts of capital  their market moves tend to receive a lot of scrutiny by retail or individual investors. As a result  a sizeable amount of institutional money invested in a firm is generally viewed as a positive attribute.In the chart below  we zoom in on the different ownership groups of Deutsche Börse.View our latest analysis for Deutsche BörseWhat Does The Institutional Ownership Tell Us About Deutsche Börse?Many institutions measure their performance against an index that approximates the local market. So they usually pay more attention to companies that are included in major indices.As you can see  institutional investors have a fair amount of stake in Deutsche Börse. This implies the analysts working for those institutions have looked at the stock and they like it. But just like anyone else  they could be wrong. It is not uncommon to see a big share price drop if two large institutional investors try to sell out of a stock at the same time. So it is worth checking the past earnings trajectory of Deutsche Börse  (below). Of course  keep in mind that there are other factors to consider  too.Institutional investors own over 50% of the company  so together than can probably strongly influence board decisions. Deutsche Börse is not owned by hedge funds. The company's largest shareholder is Massachusetts Financial Services Company  with ownership of 5.2%. With 3.8% and 3.7% of the shares outstanding respectively  The Vanguard Group  Inc. and Fidelity International Ltd are the second and third largest shareholders.On studying our ownership data  we found that 25 of the top shareholders collectively own less than 50% of the share register  implying that no single individual has a majority interest.While studying institutional ownership for a company can add value to your research  it is also a good practice to research analyst recommendations to get a deeper understand of a stock's expected performance. There are a reasonable number of analysts covering the stock  so it might be useful to find out their aggregate view on the future.Insider Ownership Of Deutsche BörseThe definition of an insider can differ slightly between different countries  but members of the board of directors always count. The company management answer to the board and the latter should represent the interests of shareholders. Notably  sometimes top-level managers are on the board themselves.Insider ownership is positive when it signals leadership are thinking like the true owners of the company. However  high insider ownership can also give immense power to a small group within the company. This can be negative in some circumstances.We note our data does not show any board members holding shares  personally. It is unusual not to have at least some personal holdings by board members  so our data might be flawed. A good next step would be to check how much the CEO is paid.General Public OwnershipWith a 47% ownership  the general public  mostly comprising of individual investors  have some degree of sway over Deutsche Börse. This size of ownership  while considerable  may not be enough to change company policy if the decision is not in sync with other large shareholders.Next Steps:I find it very interesting to look at who exactly owns a company. But to truly gain insight  we need to consider other information  too.I like to dive deeper into how a company has performed in the past. You can find historic revenue and earnings in this detailed graph.If you would prefer discover what analysts are predicting in terms of future growth  do not miss this free report on analyst forecasts.NB: Figures in this article are calculated using data from the last twelve months  which refer to the 12-month period ending on the last date of the month the financial statement is dated. This may not be consistent with full year annual report figures.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.Join A Paid User Research SessionYou’ll receive a US$30 Amazon Gift card for 1 hour of your time while helping us build better investing tools for the individual investors like yourself. Sign up here,neutral,0.32,0.68,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.14,0.39,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse AG', '53% institutional ownership', 'big guns', 'DB', 'full year annual report figures', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'big share price drop', 'two large institutional investors', 'Massachusetts Financial Services Company', 'Fidelity International Ltd', 'Simply Wall St', 'last twelve months', 'other large shareholders', 'The Vanguard Group', 'good next step', 'third largest shareholders', 'company management answer', 'different ownership groups', 'past earnings trajectory', 'high insider ownership', 'General Public Ownership', 'analyst forecasts data', 'free report', 'different countries', 'Next Steps', 'last date', 'financial statement', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'individual investors', 'good understanding', 'other factors', 'good practice', 'other information', 'analyst recommendations', 'top 25 shareholders', 'share registry', 'top shareholders', 'share register', 'institutional money', 'Institutional Ownership', 'substantial holdings', 'significant influence', 'huge amounts', 'market moves', 'sizeable amount', 'positive attribute', 'latest analysis', 'local market', 'major indices', 'fair amount', 'same time', 'hedge funds', 'single individual', 'majority interest', 'deeper understand', 'reasonable number', 'aggregate view', 'top-level managers', 'true owners', 'immense power', 'small group', 'personal holdings', 'historic revenue', 'detailed graph', '12-month period', 'unbiased methodology', 'long-term f', 'historical data', 'ownership data', 'board decisions', 'expected performance', 'future growth', 'company policy', 'Ownership research', 'Many institutions', 'board members', '53% ownership', '47% ownership', 'opportunities', 'stock', 'makeup', 'lion', 'downturn', 'access', 'capital', 'lot', 'scrutiny', 'retail', 'result', 'firm', 'chart', 'index', 'attention', 'companies', 'stake', 'analysts', 'mind', 'shares', 'Inc.', 'second', 'less', 'value', 'definition', 'directors', 'interests', 'leadership', 'circumstances', 'CEO', 'degree', 'sway', 'sync', 'insight', 'terms', 'article', 'feedback', 'content', 'touch', 'editorial-team', 'nature', 'commentary', 'account', 'objectives']",2023-06-09,2023-06-09,finance.yahoo.com
25921,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-announces-volumes-for-May-2023-44073772/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Euronext announces volumes for May 2023,(marketscreener.com) Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+31 20 721 4133+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+33 1 70 48 24 45Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan+39 02 72 42 62 12Oslo+47 41 69 59 10 Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45    Euronext announces …,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +31 20 721 4133 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces volumes for May 2023Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 8 June 2023 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced trading volumes for May 2023.Monthly and historical volume tables are available at this address:https://euronext.com/investor-relations#monthly-volumesCONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam  Brussels) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe  Milan  Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 CLSegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Corporate  Dublin  Paris) +33 1 70 48 24 45 smound@euronext.com Coralie Patri (Europe  Corporate Services)+33 7 88 34 27 44 cpatri@euronext.com ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed issuers and around €6.8 trillion in market capitalisation as of end March 2023  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'May', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'data subject request form', 'Data Protection Officer', 'historical volume tables', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'Clément Kubiak', 'unmatched blue-chip franchise', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'main regulated market', 'press release service', 'Euronext N.V.', 'intellectual property rights', 'The Euronext Group', 'trading volumes', 'market capitalisation', 'The Group', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'personal data', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'Marianne Aalders', 'Sandra Machado', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Sarah Mound', 'Coralie Patri', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', '1,930 listed issuers', 'end March', 'transparent equity', 'largest centre', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'applicable rules', 'Corporate Services', 'regulated exchanges', 'proprietary rights', 'information purposes', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'May', '8 June', 'address', 'investor-relations', 'Rome', 'CLSegerlund', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance', 'regard', 'www', 'data-subjects', 'dpo', 'Attachment', '70']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25922,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://news.yahoo.com/shares-renationalised-french-power-firm-124551447.html,Shares of renationalised French power firm EDF delisted,Shares in French power firm EDF were delisted on Thursday  nearly a year after the government decided to nationalise the firm to revitalise the country's...,"The French government renationalised EDF to speed construction of six new nuclear reactors (Sameer Al-DOUMY)Shares in French power firm EDF were delisted on Thursday  nearly a year after the government decided to nationalise the firm to revitalise the country's nuclear power sector and help decarbonise the economy.France's finance ministry said it had moved to delist the shares of EDF  which traded on Euronext Paris  as the state now holds 100 percent of the capital and voting rights in the firm.France's Financial Markets Authority (AMF) set last month the date of June 8 for the remaining investors who held approximately two percent of the company's shares to sell them and allow the state to fully take over the firm which operates the country's 56 nuclear reactors.""This retaking complete control of our national electricity firm was a priority of the government "" said Economy Minister Bruno Le Maire  an operation which cost the government 9.7 billion euros ($10.4 billion).The renationalisation  announced in June 2022 by Prime Minister Elisabeth Borne  ""was indispensable for EDF to be able to move faster on several decisive projects""  notably the construction of new nuclear power plants  Le Maire added.The remaining shareholders had been holding out for a higher price than the 12 euros per share offered by the government  but lost their legal battle last month.When EDF was partially privatised in 2005 its shares were listed at 32 euros  with a 20 percent discount for employees.The slide in the company's share price in recent years reflected the ageing of the company's fleet of nuclear reactors  many of which have been shut down for extended periods for repairs  as well as repeated delays on completing the first of a new-generation reactor.The state had owned until recently 84 percent of EDF  and it hopes that the complete renationalisation will help it move swiftly on the construction of at least six new reactors.Until those reactors come on line in 2035-2037  the French state and EDF plan to redouble efforts on developing renewables and close the gap with European neighbours in this sector.That production capacity will be needed as the manager of France's electricity distribution network recently revised higher its power demand forecasts in light of the government's climate and industrialisation plans.EDF has limited financial resources as its debt has climbed to a record 64.5 billion euros  partially due to its limited nuclear generation capacity and government measures to keep power prices low in the wake of a spike in fuel costs following Russia's invasion of Ukraine last year.The government has promised to come up with a plan to finance the construction of the first six new reactors  at an estimated cost of 51 billion euros  by the end of the year.ngu-nal/rl/lth",neutral,0.0,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.23,0.11,0.66,True,English,"['French power firm', 'Shares', 'EDF', 'Economy Minister Bruno Le Maire', 'Prime Minister Elisabeth Borne', 'limited nuclear generation capacity', 'first six new reactors', 'new nuclear power plants', 'six new nuclear reactors', 'several decisive projects', 'electricity distribution network', 'power demand forecasts', 'Financial Markets Authority', 'nuclear power sector', 'national electricity firm', 'record 64.5 billion euros', 'French power firm', '56 nuclear reactors', 'production capacity', 'power prices', 'financial resources', '51 billion euros', 'Sameer Al-DOUMY', 'finance ministry', 'Euronext Paris', 'voting rights', 'remaining investors', 'complete control', 'remaining shareholders', 'legal battle', 'recent years', 'extended periods', 'new-generation reactor', 'European neighbours', 'industrialisation plans', 'fuel costs', 'French government', 'French state', 'two percent', 'higher price', '20 percent discount', 'share price', 'complete renationalisation', 'government measures', '12 euros', '32 euros', '100 percent', '84 percent', 'EDF', 'construction', 'Shares', 'Thursday', 'country', 'France', 'capital', 'AMF', 'date', 'June', 'company', 'priority', 'operation', 'employees', 'slide', 'ageing', 'fleet', 'repairs', 'repeated', 'delays', 'line', 'efforts', 'renewables', 'gap', 'manager', 'light', 'climate', 'debt', 'wake', 'spike', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', '9.7']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,news.yahoo.com
25923,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/08/2685215/0/en/DBV-Technologies-to-Participate-in-Upcoming-EAACI-Congress-2023.html,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming EAACI Congress 2023,Montrouge  France  June 8  2023  DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming EAACI Congress 2023  DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345...,"English FrenchMontrouge  France  June 8  2023DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming EAACI Congress 2023DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced upcoming participation in the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology (EAACI) Congress  June 9 – 11  2023  in Hamburg  Germany. DBV will present three posters and will also host a symposium and exhibit booth in the EAACI exhibit hall.Data to be presented during the scientific sessions will describe the current burden of peanut allergy and treatment management strategies for children in the U.K. DBV will also present data from its completed EPITOPE Phase 3 study assessing the efficacy and safety of epicutaneous immunotherapy (EPIT) using Viaskin Peanut™ in toddlers aged 1-3 years with or without concomitant asthma. The toddler age-group represents the age range in which many peanut-allergic children are diagnosed  yet there are currently no approved therapies for this patient population.“We know that there is an urgent unmet need for treatment options in toddlers living with a peanut allergy  and that no FDA or EMA approved therapies currently exist for those under the age of four years old ” said Daniel Tasse  Chief Executive Officer  DBV Technologies. “That is why we are working hard to advance our science for this patient population and are pleased to have a significant presence at EAACI again this year to share our progress and participate in academic discussions with the many global allergy and immunology thought leaders who will be in attendance.”DBV’s symposium  “Addressing the Burden of Patients Living with Peanut Allergy”  will be co-chaired by Stefania Arasi  MD  PhD  MSc  Pediatric Allergist & Researcher at Paediatric Allergy Unit  Bambino Gesù Children Research Hospital (IRCCS) in Rome  EAACI Pediatric Section Chair and Susanne Lau  MD  PhD  Deputy Head of Pediatric Respiratory Medicine  Immunology and Critical Care Medicine Department  Charité Medical University of Berlin. It will include lectures by Sabine Schnadt  of the German Allergy and Asthma Association  Mönchengladbach  Germany  on the value of thresholds of reaction and Dr. George du Toit  of King’s College London  on data from the Company’s Phase 3 EPITOPE study  respectively.“We look forward to presenting the EPITOPE Phase 3 data at EAACI this year. The development of a well-tolerated and convenient treatment option continues to be a primary focus for DBV  and we believe the data to be presented will show our ongoing commitment and efforts to progress the development of this potential treatment option for underserved patients ” said Dr. Pharis Mohideen  Chief Medical Officer  DBV Technologies. “Our symposium will address a theme that peanut-allergy caregivers know well: the burdens that patients face in living with their condition. As a food allergy parent  I believe it is critical that we continue to engage in this open dialogue on how we can help improve lives for patients and families in a meaningful way.”Symposium“Addressing the Burden of Patients Living with Peanut Allergy” will be chaired by Dr. Stefania Arasi and Dr. Susanne LauDate and location: Saturday  10 June  12:00 – 13:00 CEST  Hall ELectures: “ Introduction  "" Dr. Stefania Arasi “ Managing the risk of patients with peanut allergy: the value of thresholds of reaction  ” Dr. Sabine Schnadt “ Epicutaneous Immunotherapy for peanut allergy: an update  ” Dr. George du Toit “ Conclusion  ” Susanne LauScientific Presentations“Characteristics and current management strategies of children diagnosed with peanut allergy (PA) in the United Kingdom (UK)”Session title: Food allergy 1Session date and time: Friday  9 June  2023  12:00 – 13:00 CEST“Health state utilities in children with peanut allergy and their parents: a UK vignette study”Session title: Food allergy 2Session date and time: Saturday  10 June  2023  12:00 – 13:00 CEST“Efficacy and Safety of Epicutaneous Immunotherapy (EPIT) for Peanut Allergy in Subjects Aged 1-3 Years With and Without Concomitant Asthma in the EPITOPE Study”Session title: Asthma 3Session date and time: Sunday  11 June  2023  12:45 – 13:45 CESTAbout EPITOPEEPITOPE ( NCT03211247 ) enrolled 413 subjects (51 in Part A and 362 in Part B) in approximately 50 centers across North America (Canada and the United States)  Europe and Australia. The EPITOPE trial was a two-part trial: Part A was designed to assess the safety of Viaskin Peanut 100 µg and 250 µg and to determine the highest safe dose  and Part B was designed to assess the efficacy and safety of the selected dose. Based on the results of Part A  the 250 µg dose was selected for Part B. In Part B  subjects were randomized 2:1 to receive Viaskin Peanut 250 µg or placebo.The primary endpoint was based on a responder analysis after 12 months of treatment with the selected dose of Viaskin Peanut. As a secondary efficacy endpoint  cumulative reactive dose (CRD) was also evaluated in EPITOPE to establish the total quantity of peanut protein that triggers subject reactions at month 12 of active treatment versus placebo. Serological markers were also measured at baseline  3  6 and 12 months in order to characterize the immunological changes in subjects. There were no limitations on activities of daily living in this trial. Participants were able to go about their normal lives without restrictions  including playing  showering  or swimming.Following the completion of EPITOPE  all eligible subjects had the option to rollover into EPOPEX  a long-term  open-label extension study of Viaskin Peanut 250 µg. Now that the EPITOPE study results are publicly available  subjects enrolled in the EPOPEX study will be unblinded to their respective treatment group in EPITOPE.In June 2022  DBV Technologies announced positive topline results from EPITOPE. Viaskin Peanut demonstrated a statistically significant treatment effect (p<0.001)  with 67.0% of subjects in the Viaskin Peanut arm meeting the treatment responder criteria after 12 months  as compared to 33.5% of subjects in the placebo arm (difference in response rates = 33.4%; 95% CI = 22.4% - 44.5%). The EPITOPE safety results were generally consistent with the safety profile of Viaskin Peanut 250 μg observed in children with peanut allergy ages 4 years and older in prior clinical trials. No imbalance in the overall adverse event (AE) rate was observed in the trial between the active and placebo arms. For more information on the EPITOPE results see the DBV press release.About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding DBV Technologies’ clinical development and regulatory plans with respect to Viaskin™ Peanut for the treatment of toddlers ages 1-3 years old  the therapeutic potential of Viaskin™ Peanut as a treatment for peanut-allergic children more broadly  the ability of any of the Company’s product candidates  if approved  to improve the lives of patients with food allergies  designs of the Company’s anticipated clinical trials  safety studies and HF studies  and the timing and anticipated results of interactions with regulatory agencies. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties  including risks inherent to the clinical development and regulatory process  as well as market conditions and other risks and uncertainties set forth in DBV Technologies’ regulatory filings with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV Technologies’ filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Investor ContactKatie MatthewsDBV Technologies+1 857-529-2563katie.matthews@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologies+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.18,0.33,True,English,"['Upcoming EAACI Congress', 'DBV Technologies', 'Bambino Gesù Children Research Hospital', 'Critical Care Medicine Department', 'Dr. George du Toit', 'EAACI Pediatric Section Chair', 'Dr. Susanne Lau Date', 'Pediatric Respiratory Medicine', 'Dr. Pharis Mohideen', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'urgent unmet need', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Charité Medical University', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Health state utilities', 'Dr. Stefania Arasi', 'current management strategies', 'Dr. Sabine Schnadt', 'treatment management strategies', 'convenient treatment option', 'potential treatment option', 'many peanut-allergic children', 'many global allergy', 'Paediatric Allergy Unit', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'immunology thought leaders', 'Hall E Lectures', 'highest safe dose', 'cumulative reactive dose', 'EPITOPE Phase 3 study', 'Phase 3 EPITOPE study', 'EAACI exhibit hall', 'UK vignette study', 'The EPITOPE trial', 'food allergy parent', 'Upcoming EAACI Congress', 'secondary efficacy endpoint', 'EPITOPE Phase 3 data', 'Viaskin Peanut 250 µg', 'Pediatric Allergist', 'EAACI) Congress', 'upcoming participation', 'exhibit booth', 'Session date', 'two-part trial', 'primary endpoint', 'treatment options', 'Viaskin Peanut™', 'peanut allergy', 'German Allergy', 'English French', 'European Academy', 'Clinical Immunology', 'three posters', 'scientific sessions', 'U.K.', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', '1-3 years', 'toddler age-group', 'patient population', 'Daniel Tasse', 'significant presence', 'academic discussions', 'Deputy Head', 'Mönchengladbach', 'College London', 'primary focus', 'ongoing commitment', 'peanut-allergy caregivers', 'open dialogue', 'meaningful way', 'Scientific Presentations', 'United Kingdom', 'Session title', 'Part A', 'Part B', 'North America', 'United States', 'responder analysis', 'total qu', 'current burden', 'concomitant asthma', 'Asthma Association', '250 µg dose', 'age range', 'DBV Technologies', 'underserved patients', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'June', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', 'Hamburg', 'Germany', 'symposium', 'safety', 'toddlers', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'therapies', 'science', 'progress', 'attendance', 'MD', 'PhD', 'MSc', 'Researcher', 'IRCCS', 'Rome', 'Berlin', 'value', 'thresholds', 'reaction', 'development', 'efforts', 'theme', 'burdens', 'condition', 'lives', 'families', 'location', 'Saturday', '13:00 CEST', 'Introduction', 'risk', 'update', 'Conclusion', 'Characteristics', 'time', 'Friday', 'parents', 'Subjects', 'Sunday', '50 centers', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'results', 'placebo', '12 months', 'CRD', '12:00']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,globenewswire.com
25924,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/08/2685023/0/en/UBISOFT-ENTERTAINMENT-Ubisoft-launches-a-new-employee-shareholding-operation.html,UBISOFT ENTERTAINMENT : Ubisoft launches a new employee shareholding operation,UBISOFT ENTERTAINMENT S.A.  Ubisoft launches a new employee shareholding operation.  Saint-Mandé  on June 8  2023  Ubisoft Entertainment S.A. (Euronext......,English FrenchUBISOFT ENTERTAINMENT S.A.Ubisoft launches a new employee shareholding operation.Saint-Mandé  on June 8  2023Ubisoft Entertainment S.A. (Euronext Paris: UBI – ISIN code: FR0000054470) announces the launch of a new employee shareholding operation in France and abroad for the employees of the Ubisoft group (hereinafter the « Offer »).1. OFFERORUbisoft Entertainment S.A. (hereinafter the « Company ») is a French société anonyme with its registered office at 2  rue du Chêne Heleuc  56910 Carentoir  France. The Company is identified at the Trade and Companies Registry under number 335 186 094 RCS Vannes.Information regarding the Company is available on its website ( www.ubisoft.com ) and in particular in the universal registration document available on this website.2. REASONS OF THE OFFERThis Offer aims at strengthening the employee shareholding in order to associate the employees more closely to the Ubisoft group's development and future performance.3. FRAMEWORK OF THE OFFEROn December 6  2022 (the « Launch Board »)  the Company's Board of directors approved the launch of the Offer consisting on reserved share capital increase(s) and/or on share purchase plan(s) on the one hand  for members of the Ubisoft group savings plans in accordance with provisions of Articles L. 3332-18 and/or L. 3332-24 of the French Labour Code (hereinafter the « FCPE Offer »)  and on the other hand for employees outside of the scope of the group savings plans (hereinafter the « Shares + SAR Offer »)  under the terms and conditions described below  and subdelegated to the Chairman & Chief Executive Officer (the « CEO ») the powers required for the implementation of the Offer.The CEO  acting upon subdelegation of the Board of directors  took the decision on May 30  2023 that the Shares + SAR Offer will be exclusively implemented through share capital increases and that the FCPE Offer will be implemented in priority through a share capital increase and  if necessary  through the sale of existing shares.4. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFERBeneficiariesThe Offer is reserved to (i) employees of the Ubisoft group within eighteen jurisdictions (Bulgaria  Canada  China  Finland  France  Germany  India  Italy  Japan  the Netherlands  the Philippines  Romania  Singapore  Spain  Sweden  the United Arab Emirates  the United Kingdom and the United States)  having at least three months' seniority  continuous or not  between January 1  2022 and the end of the participation/revocation period of the Offer and to (ii) retired employees of the companies in France who hold assets in the Ubisoft Group Savings Plan (PEG) (hereinafter the « Beneficiaries »).The Company may decide not to implement the Offer in a jurisdiction mentioned above if a legal  tax or practical constraint so requires.Proposed formulasThe Beneficiaries may purchase or subscribe the Company's ordinary shares (hereinafter the « Shares ») under a leverage formula  through a company mutual fund (Fonds Commun de Placement d'Entreprise or FCPE) or directly under a Shares + SAR (stock appreciation rights) formula depending on the local regulatory and tax constraints.In addition  each Beneficiary will benefit from a guarantee to receive  on 5-year term maturity or in case of early release  the euro amount of his/her initial investment as well as a multiple of the potential protected average increase in the Share price.Lock-up periodShares purchased or subscribed by the Beneficiaries under this Offer are unavailable for a five-year period as from the completion of the Offer (expected to occur on September 18  2023)  except in the occurrence of an early release case provided for in Article R. 3324-22 of the French Labour Code.Out of France  early release cases may be adapted to take account of local legislations or constraints  in particular tax constraints.Participation priceThe participation price of a Share under the Offer will correspond to the average of the twenty daily volume-weighted average prices (VWAP) of the Share on Euronext Paris preceding the decision of the Board of directors or  as the case may be  upon subdelegation of the Board of directors  of the CEO  fixing the dates of the participation/revocation period of the Shares (hereinafter the « Reference Price »)  minus a 15% discount and rounded up to the higher euro cent (hereinafter the « Participation Price »). The applicable exchange rates will be fixed at the same time as the Participation Price (the « Fixing Decision »).Maximum ceilingsAccording to the Launch Board and the CEO decision of May 30  2023  the Offer will be capped at 2 400 000 Shares  and will be served in priority with new Shares to be created up to 1 882 806 and:the FCPE Offer will be capped at 1 272 000 Shares  i.e. 1.0134% of the Company’s share capital 1 . It will be implemented in priority through share capital increase and  if necessary  through the sale of existing shares (the « FCPE Envelope »); and. It will be implemented in priority through share capital increase and  if necessary  through the sale of existing shares (the « FCPE Envelope »); and the Shares + SAR Offer will be capped at 1 128 000 Shares  i.e. 0.8987% of the Company's share capital1. It will be implemented exclusively through share capital increases (the « Shares + SAR Envelope »).Specific sub-ceilings are or may be provided in certain jurisdictions depending on local legal constraints.If the entire FCPE Envelope or the Shares + SAR Envelope is not used  the Shares remaining available under said envelope may be used to satisfy  if necessary  the over-used envelope.Source of the SharesThe Shares purchased under the sale of existing Shares will be existing treasury shares held by the Company purchased within the terms of the repurchase program(s) authorised by the Company’s General Shareholders’ Meeting.The Shares subscribed under the reserved capital increases will be newly issued Shares assimilated to the existing Shares. They will bear current dividend rights.Provisional timetableThe provisional timetable of the Offer is the following:Reservation period: from June 15 to June 29  2023 inclusiveFixing Decision: August 7  2023Participation/revocation period: from August 10 to August 17  2023 inclusiveShare capital increases/Settlement-delivery: September 18  2023End of the lock-up period: September 17  2028  at midnightThese dates are indicative and may be subject to modification or adaptation  particularly due to any legal and/or operational constraints that could disrupt the implementation of the Offer  as well as any legislation applicable in each jurisdiction.Risk of postponement or cancellation of the OfferThe Company's Board of directors  or  as the case may be  the CEO acting upon subdelegation  could  at its/his sole discretion  decide to cancel or postpone the Offer in all or part of its geographical scope  for any reason whatsoever and if it/he considers it in the best interest of the Beneficiaries  and as far as possible  until the expected date of completion of the Offer scheduled for September 18  2023.5. NATURE OF THE SHARESShares offered under this Offer are ordinary shares of the Company  listed on the Euronext Paris stock market (Compartment A) under the ISIN code FR0000054470. The Shares are eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (Système de Règlement Différé or SRD).6. VOTING RIGHTSThe voting rights attached to the Shares offered under this Offer will be exercised as regards the Shares:purchased or subscribed within the framework of the FCPE Offer  by the supervisory board of the FCPE  it being specified that in the event of a proven lack of liquidity of the stock-lending market  the supervisory board of the FCPE could only exercise the voting rights attached to the Shares which are part of its assets.subscribed for and held on their own by the employees  within the framework of the Shares + SAR Offer  directly by them.7. HEDGING TRANSACTIONThe financial mechanism underlying the leverage formula requires hedging operations by the financial institution which structures the leverage formula  on market exchanges and over-the-counter exchanges  by means of the purchase or sale of Shares  the lending or borrowing of Shares  the purchase of call option and/or of all other transactions  at all times and in particular as from the opening date of the fixing period of the Reference Price and for the whole duration of the Offer.8. SPECIAL MENTION REGARDING THE INTERNATIONALThis document does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation to purchase or subscribe Shares. The Offer will be offered only in countries where such an Offer has been registered with the competent local authorities and in countries where all required filing procedures and/or notifications have been completed and the authorisations have been obtained. In particular  the Shares have not been and will not be registered in the United States in application of the Securities Act of 1933.This document is not intended for countries in which such procedures would be required and have not yet been carried out or the necessary authorisations have not been obtained. Copies of this document will not therefore be distributed to these countries.Shares that may be purchased or subscribed under the Offer have not been recommended by any governmental securities commission or regulatory authority. Neither the Company nor any employers is giving investment advice with respect to this Offer. Investing is a personal decision that must be made by the employee  taking into account his/her financial resources  investment goals  personal tax situation  any other investment alternatives available and the fact that the value of a quoted share will fluctuate. In this regard  employees are encouraged to consider the diversification of their investment portfolio to ensure that the risk that they assume is not unduly concentrated on any single investment.The Offer is proposed on a discretionary basis by the Company. Neither the Company nor the employers are required to repeat the Offer or to make similar offers in the future. The terms and conditions of the Offer do not form part of the employment contract of the employees.Units of the FCPE cannot be offered or sold  either directly or indirectly  in the United States (including its territories and possessions) or to or for the benefit of a « U.S. Person »  as defined in the U.S. Regulations and available on the website of the management company: www.amundi.com . Persons wishing to subscribe for FCPE units certify that they are not « U.S. Person ». Any unit holder must immediately inform the management company in the event that he/she becomes a « U.S. Person ». The management company may impose restrictions on (i) the holding of FCPE units by a « U.S. Person » and in particular compulsorily redemption of the units  or (ii) transfer of units to a « U.S. Person ». This power would also extend to any person (a) who appears to be directly or indirectly in breach of the laws and regulations of any country or governmental authority  or (b) who could  in the view of the management company  cause damage to the FCPE that it would not otherwise have suffered.Pursuant to provisions of Regulation (EC) no. 833/2014 and Regulation (EC) no. 765/2006  as amended  the Offer is not made to Russian nationals and persons residing in Russia  nor to Belarussian nationals or persons residing in Belarus  except (i) in case of Russian nationals  in case those persons are nationals of an EU Member State  of a country member of the European Economic Area or Switzerland  or have a temporary or permanent residence permit in an EU Member State a country member of the European Economic Area or in Switzerland and (ii) in case of Belarussian nationals  if those persons are nationals of a EU Member State or have a temporary or permanent residence permit in a EU Member State.In France  the present document is prepared to meet the requirements of the AMF set out in Article 3.1 of the AMF Guidelines on the employee savings funds (Guide relatif aux fonds d'épargne salariale) of August 8  2012 (DOC-2012-10) as modified on February 16  2023.In addition  this document contains the information required under Article 1  paragraphs4-i) and 5-h)  of the Regulation (EU) no. 2017-1129 of June 14  2017  entered into force on July 21  2019.ContactsInvestor RelationsJean-Benoît RoquetteSVP Investor Relations+ 33 1 48 18 52 39jean-benoit.roquette@ubisoft.comAlexandre EnjalbertInvestor Relations Director+ 33 1 48 18 50 78alexandre.enjalbert@ubisoft.comAbout UbisoftUbisoft is a creator of worlds  committed to enriching players’ lives with original and memorable entertainment experiences. Ubisoft’s global teams create and develop a deep and diverse portfolio of games  featuring brands such as Assassin’s Creed®  Brawlhalla®  For Honor®  Far Cry®  Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon®  Just Dance®  Rabbids®  Tom Clancy’s Rainbow Six®  The Crew® and Tom Clancy’s The Division®. Through Ubisoft Connect  players can enjoy an ecosystem of services to enhance their gaming experience  get rewards and connect with friends across platforms. With Ubisoft+  the subscription service  they can access a growing catalog of more than 100 Ubisoft games and DLC. For the 2022–23 fiscal year  Ubisoft generated net bookings of €1 739 million. To learn more  please visit: www.ubisoftgroup.com.© 2023 Ubisoft Entertainment. All Rights Reserved. Ubisoft and the Ubisoft logo are registered trademarks in the US and/or other countries.1 Based on the number of outstanding shares on November 30  2022  i.e. 125 520 452 shares.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.92,0.07,0.01,True,English,"['new employee shareholding operation', 'UBISOFT ENTERTAINMENT', '2, rue du Chêne Heleuc', 'twenty daily volume-weighted average prices', 'Fonds Commun de Placement', 'UBISOFT ENTERTAINMENT S.A.', 'French société anonyme', 'potential protected average increase', 'new employee shareholding operation', 'share capital increase(s', 'Ubisoft group savings plans', 'universal registration document', 'share purchase plan', 'Chief Executive Officer', ""three months' seniority"", 'stock appreciation rights', '5-year term maturity', 'applicable exchange rates', 'French Labour Code', 'share capital increases', 'higher euro cent', 'United Arab Emirates', 'early release cases', 'company mutual fund', 'English French', 'new Shares', 'ISIN code', 'euro amount', 'Share price', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'RCS Vannes', 'future performance', 'one hand', 'other hand', 'eighteen jurisdictions', 'revocation period', 'legal, tax', 'practical constraint', 'local regulatory', 'initial investment', 'Lock-up period', 'five-year period', 'Article R.', 'local legislations', 'Participation price', 'Reference Price', 'same time', 'Maximum ceilings', 'FCPE Envelope', 'tax constraints', 'Companies Registry', 'leverage formula', 'Fixing Decision', 'Shares +', 'existing shares', 'ordinary shares', 'FCPE Offer', 'SAR Offer', 'Launch Board', 'CEO decision', 'The Beneficiaries', '2,400,000 Shares', '1,272,000 Shares', 'Saint-Mandé', 'June', 'France', 'employees', 'OFFEROR', '56910 Carentoir', 'Trade', 'number', 'Information', 'website', 'REASONS', 'order', 'development', 'FRAMEWORK', 'December', 'directors', 'members', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'L.', 'scope', 'terms', 'conditions', 'Chairman', 'powers', 'implementation', 'subdelegation', 'May', 'priority', 'sale', 'Bulgaria', 'Canada', 'China', 'Finland', 'Germany', 'India', 'Italy', 'Japan', 'Netherlands', 'Philippines', 'Romania', 'Singapore', 'Spain', 'Sweden', 'January', 'end', 'retired', 'assets', 'PEG', 'formulas', 'Entreprise', 'addition', 'Beneficiary', 'guarantee', 'completion', 'September', 'account', 'particular', 'VWAP', 'dates', '15% discount', '1.', '2.', '3.', '4.']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,globenewswire.com
25925,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/08/2685040/0/en/CBI-Creation-of-the-FAV-token-dedicated-to-Football-at-AlphaVerse.html,CBI: Creation of the $FAV token dedicated to “Football at AlphaVerse”,Creation of the $FAV token dedicated to “Football at AlphaVerse”  CRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES (CBI  Euronext Growth Paris: FR0014007LW0 - ALCBI)...,"French EnglishCreation of the $FAV token dedicated to “Football at AlphaVerse”CRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES (CBI  Euronext Growth Paris: FR0014007LW0 - ALCBI) announces the creation of a utility token  $FAV  for the ""Football at AlphaVerse"" (FAV) universe dedicated to football and developed in collaboration with leading clubs  including [•] as current partners. $FAV will operate on multiple chains  including BNB  Binance's blockchain  and soon Chiliz  a blockchain known for its ability to unite communities in the sports and entertainment industry.The progress in the development of Football at AlphaVerse and the importance of the community of partners and players that this universe will bring together have highlighted the interest in creating a dedicated utility token. The circulation policy reflects the rapid development of Football at AlphaVerse and will allow for better targeting and uniting of the community around their common interest in football. Just like with other universes in AlphaVerse  the desire to be open to as many people as possible is maintained  with the ability to access FAV without necessarily using cryptocurrencies. The CRYS  the token of AlphaVerse  will be reserved for other worlds within AlphaVerse.11 billion units of the $FAV token have been created on the BNB Chain  Binance's blockchain  and a portion of these tokens will soon be transferred to the Chiliz blockchain. In the Football at AlphaVerse universes  $FAV will be a versatile tool to enhance user experience and engagement. Users will be able to receive $FAV tokens when they join AlphaVerse or invite others to join. Token ownership may also grant certain priority rights to their owners.Beyond these incentives  the $FAV token will have numerous functionalities  such as facilitating microtransactions within the universes  participating in challenges or mini-games  purchasing NFTs  running referral programs  accessing discounts on purchases  and earning FAV tokens based on user creativity or engagement  similar to a loyalty card system.An article from AlphaVerse's blog  describing the initial characteristics of the $FAV token  is available at the following link: https://alphaverse.com/blog/items/the-fav-token-your-passport-to-football-at-alphaverse/More information can be found at www.cbicorp.io.DisclaimerThe realization of projects  as well as their operational budget and financing plan  remain fundamentally subject to uncertainties  and the non-realization of underlying assumptions can have a significant impact on the value of assets and liabilities.About CBICRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES (""CBI"") is a French company that develops  operates and invests in video games  professional applications and selective projects related to blockchain  Non-Fungible Tokens (""NFTs"") and cryptocurrencies. Founded by Frédéric Chesnais  a recognized entrepreneur in the video game industry and blockchain pioneer  CBI aims to develop and value a portfolio of blockchain activities covering various sectors (video games  finance  logistics  etc.) to leverage this technology  either through direct exploitation or partnership. CBI has already made several investments and is currently developing a virtual world (metaverse) called AlphaVerse  based on blockchain technology. CBI's shares are listed on the E2 quotation group (public offer) on the Euronext Growth market. More information can be found at www.cbicorp.io.ContactsCBIFrédéric CHESNAISPDGfredchesnais@cbicorp.iowww.cbicorp.io Listing SponsorAtout CapitalRodolphe OSSOLArodolphe.ossola@atoutcapital.com Financial CommunicationCalyptusDarius Dinu+33 1 53 65 68 68cbi@calyptus.netAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.52,0.3,0.19,True,English,"['$FAV token', 'CBI', 'Creation', 'Football', 'AlphaVerse', 'Frédéric Chesnais', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'loyalty card system', 'E2 quotation group', 'Euronext Growth market', 'video game industry', 'CRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES', 'dedicated utility token', 'io Listing Sponsor', 'entertainment industry', 'video games', 'French English', 'leading clubs', 'multiple chains', 'circulation policy', 'many people', 'The CRYS', 'other worlds', '11 billion units', 'versatile tool', 'user experience', 'Token ownership', 'priority rights', 'numerous functionalities', 'referral programs', 'user creativity', 'initial characteristics', 'following link', 'More information', 'operational budget', 'financing plan', 'underlying assumptions', 'significant impact', 'French company', 'professional applications', 'various sectors', 'direct exploitation', 'several investments', 'virtual world', 'public offer', 'PDG fredchesnais', 'Atout Capital', 'Financial Communication', 'Darius Dinu', 'blockchain pioneer', 'blockchain activities', 'Non-Fungible Tokens', '$FAV token', 'other universes', 'current partners', 'rapid development', 'common interest', 'BNB Chain', 'selective projects', 'Rodolphe OSSOLA', 'FAV tokens', 'Chiliz blockchain', 'blockchain technology', 'AlphaVerse universes', 'Creation', 'Football', 'CBI', 'collaboration', 'Binance', 'ability', 'communities', 'sports', 'progress', 'importance', 'community', 'players', 'desire', 'cryptocurrencies', 'portion', 'engagement', 'Users', 'others', 'incentives', 'microtransactions', 'challenges', 'mini-games', 'NFTs', 'discounts', 'purchases', 'article', 'blog', 'items', 'passport', 'Disclaimer', 'realization', 'uncertainties', 'value', 'assets', 'liabilities', 'portfolio', 'finance', 'logistics', 'partnership', 'shares', 'Contacts', 'Calyptus', 'Attachment']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,globenewswire.com
25926,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CABKA-N-V-115395161/news/Cabka-Annual-General-Meeting-results-All-resolutions-duly-passed-44073695/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Cabka Annual General Meeting results: All resolutions duly passed,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam 8 June 2023. Cabka N.V.   a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging   listed at Euronext Amsterdam  announces that at its Annual General Meeting of sharehold…,Amsterdam 8 June 2023. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries “Cabka”  or the “Company”)  a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging (RTP)  listed at Euronext Amsterdam  announces that at its Annual General Meeting (AGM) of shareholders  held today at Euronext Amsterdam  all resolutions were duly passed.At the Annual General Meeting  in total 11 559 768 votes could be validly cast representing 47.23 % of the total issued and outstanding share capital of 24 477 991 shares (of which 97 778 special shares).Management gave an overview of the current business and the General Meeting voted in favor of Cabka’s remuneration report  adopted the audited 2022 financial statements and agreed with the proposed distribution of EUR 0.15 of which EUR 0.05 in cash and EUR 0.10 in ordinary shares. The members of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board in office in the financial year 2022 were discharged for the performance of their relevant duties. Frank Roerink was appointed as a member of the Management Board and CFO. BDO Audit & Assurance B.V. was reappointed as external auditor of the Company for the financial year 2023 and the remuneration policies for the Management Board and the Supervisory Board as well as the authorization for repurchasing and issuing of shares were adopted.All agenda items were adopted with a (rounded) percentage of 100.0%  an overview of the exact votes casted is provided on the next page.Management provided a business update and stated that based on Cabka’s strong fundamentals it reiterates the mid-term guidance. Barring unforeseen circumstances  for 2023 Cabka expects to deliver on single digit sales growth  with a recovery of EBITDA margin towards 13-15%.Financial Calendar 202313 June Capital Markets Day17 August Ex-Dividend* Date18 August Dividend* Record Date22 August Publication Half Year Results 202325 August Dividend* Payment Date19 October Trading Update Q3 202320 March 2024 Publication Preliminary Results 2023* Reference to ‘dividend’ refers to proposed distributionOverview of votes casted per voting item Cabka AGM 8 June 2023# Agenda item For Against Withheld 2b Remuneration report for the management board and supervisory board for the financial year 2022 (advisory vote) 11 557 218 510 2 040 2c Adoption of the company and consolidated financial statements for the financial year 2022 including appropriation of the net result for the financial year 2022 11 557 218 510 2 040 2d Distribution in relation to the financial year 2022 and related amendments of the articles of association 11 556 749 510 2 509 3a Discharge of the managing directors for the financial year 2022 11 557 218 510 2 040 3b Discharge of the supervisory directors for the financial year 2022 11 557 218 510 2 040 4 Reappointment of the external auditor for the financial year 2023 11 557 218 510 2 040 5 Appointment of managing director 11 557 127 510 2 131 6 Amendment of the remuneration policy of the supervisory board 11 556 702 1 026 2 040 7 Amendment of the remuneration policy of the management board 11 556 233 1 026 2 509 8 Authorization of the management board  subject to approval of the supervisory board  to repurchase ordinary shares 11 557 218 510 2 040 9a. Designation of the management board  subject to approval of the supervisory board  as the competent body to (i) issue ordinary shares 11 554 658 2 601 2 509 9b. Designation of the management board  subject to approval of the supervisory board  as the competent body to restrict or exclude pre-emptive rights upon issuance of ordinary shares 11 556 658 601 2 509For more information  please contact:David Brilleslijper  Investor & Press contactIR@cabka.com   or D.Brilleslijper@cabka.com  +316 109 42514www.investors.cabka.comCommercial contact: info@cabka.comwww.cabka.comAbout CabkaCabka is in the business of recycling plastics from post-consumer and post-industrial waste into innovative reusable transport packaging (RTP)  like pallets- and large container solutions enhancing logistics chain sustainability. ECO products are mainly construction and road safety products produced exclusively out of post-consumer waste.Cabka is leading the industry in its integrated approach closing the loop from waste  to recycling  to manufacturing. Backed by its own innovation center it has the rare industry knowledge  capability  and capacity of making maximum use bringing recycled plastics back in the production loop at attractive returns. Cabka is fully equipped to exploit the full value chain from waste to end-products.Cabka is listed at Euronext Amsterdam as of 1 March 2022 under the CABKA ticker with international securities identification number NL00150000S7.DisclaimerThe content of this press release may include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ‘’forward-looking statements’’. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ‘’believes’’  ‘’estimates’’  ‘’plans’’  ‘’projects’’  ‘’anticipates’’  ‘’expects’’  ‘’intends’’  ‘’may’’  ‘’will’’ or ‘’should’’ or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company’s business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth  or strategies.Readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.This document contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on market abuse.Attachments,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,True,English,"['Cabka Annual General Meeting results', 'resolutions', 'August Publication Half Year Results', 'innovative Reusable Transport Packaging', 'single digit sales growth', 'international securities identification number', '13 June Capital Markets Day', 'August Dividend* Record Date', '25 August Dividend* Payment Date', 'Publication Preliminary Results', 'August Ex-Dividend* Date', 'outstanding share capital', 'Assurance B.V.', 'large container solutions', 'logistics chain sustainability', 'full value chain', '19 October Trading Update', 'road safety products', 'Annual General Meeting', 'rare industry knowledge', '2b Remuneration report', 'Cabka N.V.', 'ECO products', 'financial year', 'remuneration policies', 'remuneration policy', 'business update', 'Supervisory Board', 'relevant duties', 'Frank Roerink', 'BDO Audit', 'external auditor', 'agenda items', 'rounded) percentage', 'next page', 'strong fundamentals', 'mid-term guidance', 'unforeseen circumstances', 'EBITDA margin', 'Financial Calendar', 'voting item', 'advisory vote', 'net result', 'related amendments', 'managing directors', 'supervisory directors', 'competent body', 'pre-emptive rights', 'David Brilleslijper', 'Press contact', 'D.Brilleslijper', 'Commercial contact', 'integrated approach', 'innovation center', 'attractive returns', 'press release', 'forward-looking terminology', '2022 financial statements', 'Management Board', 'looking statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '97,778 special shares', 'ordinary shares', 'current business', 'plastic waste', 'post-industrial waste', '3a Discharge', 'maximum use', 'recycled plastics', 'production loop', 'exact votes', 'CABKA ticker', 'post-consumer waste', 'Cabka AGM', '24,477,991 shares', '11,559,768 votes', 'subsidiaries', 'Company', 'RTP', 'shareholders', 'resolutions', 'total', 'overview', 'favor', 'distribution', 'cash', 'members', 'office', 'performance', 'CFO', 'authorization', 'repurchasing', 'issuing', 'recovery', '20 March', 'Reference', 'proposed', 'Adoption', 'appropriation', 'relation', 'articles', 'association', 'Reappointment', '6 Amendment', 'approval', 'Designation', 'issuance', 'information', 'Investor', 'construction', 'recycling', 'manufacturing', 'capability', 'capacity', 'end-products', '1 March', 'Disclaimer', 'content', 'terms', 'plans', 'projects']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25927,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/08/2685119/0/en/Edenred-joins-the-CAC-40.html,Edenred joins the CAC 40,Edenred  a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  is joining the CAC 40  the Paris stock exchange’s benchmark index. The decision was made by Euronext Paris’ Expert Indices Committee  with effect from…,English FrenchEdenred  a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  is joining the CAC 40  the Paris stock exchange’s benchmark index. The decision was made by Euronext Paris’ Expert Indices Committee  with effect from June 19  2023.Edenred’s inclusion in the CAC 40 index is recognition of the Group’s stock market performance since its IPO  on July 2  2010  as part of the demerger of the Accor group’s Services business. After radically disrupting its business model  Edenred has today become the everyday platform for people at work  operating in 45 countries. This transformation has resulted in sustainable and profitable growth  enabling Edenred to reach new scale  with its main business and financial indicators (total revenue  EBITDA  net profit  free cash flow) doubling between 2016 and 2022. Over the same period  its market capitalization has more than tripled  from €4.4 billion at the end of 2015 to €15.2 billion on June 8  2023.Edenred has also made ESG a core component of its development. This commitment is reflected in the Group’s CSR policy  “Ideal”  which was launched in 2017  as well as in the positive impact that Edenred’s solutions have on user behavior  in particular by providing access to healthy food and sustainable mobility.Edenred’s inclusion in the CAC 40 comes just a few months after the October 2022 launch of its Beyond 22-25 strategy. Through this plan  Edenred has set itself even more ambitious financial targets than in its previous plan  with a commitment to generate annual like-for-like EBITDA growth of more than 12% and an annual free-cash-flowithEBITDA conversion rate of more than 70%. ESG is also embedded deeply in Beyond 22-25   with stronger extra-financial commitments including reaching net zero carbon by 2050  in line with SBTi targets1.Based on this plan  Edenred believes that it can reasonably aim for total revenue of around €5 billion by 2030  through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions. The strong performance recorded since the presentation of Beyond 22-25   as well as the recent acquisition of Reward Gateway  support the Group’s ambitions. As proof  the Group’s share price has risen by over 20% since the announcement  reflecting market confidence in Edenred’s continued trajectory of sustainable and profitable growth.Bertrand Dumazy  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Edenred  said: “We are proud to be joining the CAC 40  a milestone in Edenred’s history just a few months after being included in the CAC 40 ESG index. I would like to warmly thank Edenred’s 12 000 employees  without whom none of this would have been possible. This honor is proof of the Group’s successful transformation. By connecting 52 million users and two million merchants via close to one million corporate clients  Edenred has established itself as the everyday platform for people at work. Our fully digital  easy-to-use earmarked funds solutions provide fitting  real-world responses to our clients’ needs. Against a backdrop of changing work practices  employee disengagement and the need for better control of fleet expenses  these solutions are more attractive than ever. And because it reflects both our market capitalization and share liquidity  this inclusion in the CAC 40 index is a testament to investors’ confidence in our Beyond 22-25 strategic plan and our prospects for generating sustainable and profitable growth.”▬▬About EdenredEdenred is a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  connecting 52 million users and 2 million partner merchants in 45 countries via close to 1 million corporate clients.Edenred offers specific-purpose payment solutions for food (such as meal benefits)  incentives (such as gift cards  employee engagement platforms)  mobility (such as multi-energy  maintenance  toll  parking and commuter solutions) and corporate payments (such as virtual cards).True to the Group’s purpose  “Enrich connections. For good.”  these solutions enhance users’ well-being and purchasing power. They improve companies’ attractiveness and efficiency  and vitalize the employment market and the local economy. They also foster access to healthier food  more environmentally friendly products and softer mobility.Edenred’s 12 000 employees are committed to making the world of work a connected ecosystem that is safer  more efficient and more responsible every day.In 2022  thanks to its global technology assets  the Group managed some €38 billion in business volume  primarily carried out via mobile applications  online platforms and cards.Edenred is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange and included in the following indices: CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  CAC Large 60  Euronext 100  FTSE4Good and MSCI Europe.The logos and other trademarks mentioned and featured in this press release are registered trademarks of Edenred S.E.  its subsidiaries or third parties. They may not be used for commercial purposes without prior written consent from their owners.▬▬CONTACTSCommunications DepartmentEmmanuelle Châtelain+33 (0)1 86 67 24 36 emmanuelle.chatelain@edenred.comMedia RelationsMatthieu Santalucia+33 (0)1 86 67 22 63matthieu.santalucia@edenred.com Investor RelationsCédric Appert+33 (0)1 86 67 24 99cedric.appert@edenred.comBaptiste Fournier+33 (0)1 86 67 20 73baptiste.fournier@edenred.com1 Science Based Targets initiative  on scopes 1  2 and 3A.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['Edenred', 'CAC', 'Euronext Paris’ Expert Indices Committee', 'annual free-cash-flow/EBITDA conversion rate', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'one million corporate clients', 'Beyond 22-25 strategic plan', 'free cash flow', 'stronger extra-financial commitments', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'fitting, real-world responses', 'environmentally friendly products', 'global technology assets', 'prior written consent', 'two million merchants', '2 million partner merchants', '1 million corporate clients', 'leading digital platform', 'net zero carbon', 'stock market performance', 'ambitious financial targets', 'employee engagement platforms', 'specific-purpose payment solutions', 'changing work practices', 'Edenred S.E.', 'CAC 40 ESG index', 'following indices', '22-25 strategy', 'clients’ needs', '52 million users', 'everyday platform', 'financial indicators', 'net profit', 'SBTi targets', 'strong performance', 'employee disengagement', 'online platforms', 'corporate payments', 'benchmark index', 'market capitalization', 'market confidence', 'employment market', 'English French', 'everyday companion', 'business model', 'profitable growth', 'new scale', 'main business', 'total revenue', 'same period', 'core component', 'CSR policy', 'positive impact', 'user behavior', 'October 2022 launch', 'previous plan', 'organic growth', 'recent acquisition', 'Reward Gateway', 'share price', 'continued trajectory', 'Bertrand Dumazy', 'fleet expenses', 'share liquidity', 'investors’ confidence', 'meal benefits', 'users’ well', 'purchasing power', 'local economy', 'business volume', 'mobile applications', 'MSCI Europe', 'other trademarks', 'press release', 'registered trademarks', 'third parties', 'commercial purposes', 'CONTACTS Communic', 'CAC 40 index', 'funds solutions', 'gift cards', 'commuter solutions', 'virtual cards', 'softer mobility', 'CAC Next', 'healthy food', 'EBITDA growth', 'successful transformation', 'Services business', 'Accor group', 'sustainable mobility', 'people', 'decision', 'effect', 'June', 'inclusion', 'recognition', 'IPO', 'July', 'demerger', '45 countries', 'development', 'Ideal', 'access', 'combination', 'acquisitions', 'presentation', 'ambitions', 'proof', 'announcement', 'Chairman', 'milestone', 'history', '12,000 employees', 'none', 'honor', 'backdrop', 'control', 'testament', 'prospects', 'close', 'incentives', 'multi-energy', 'maintenance', 'toll', 'parking', 'connections', 'being', 'attractiveness', 'efficiency', 'ecosystem', 'FTSE4Good', 'logos', 'subsidiaries', 'owners']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,globenewswire.com
25928,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/d7073cec25be486d,AI hype driven by names like Nvidia is finally luring retail investors back into the stock market,REUTERS/Dario Cantatore/NYSE Euronext Retail investors have finally returned to the stock market  lured by the AI hype  Vanda Research said. The firm said retail investors helped drive a daily average flow of $1.36 billion into the stock market over the past …,"REUTERS/Dario Cantatore/NYSE EuronextRetail investors have finally returned to the stock market  lured by the AI hype  Vanda Research said.The firm said retail investors helped drive a daily average flow of $1.36 billion into the stock market over the past week.""Retail's uptick in buying can extend over the coming weeks and  in turn  support equity markets' grind higher ""…This story appeared on businessinsider.com   .",positive,0.66,0.22,0.12,positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['AI hype', 'retail investors', 'stock market', 'names', 'Nvidia', 'daily average flow', 'Dario Cantatore', 'NYSE Euronext', 'stock market', 'AI hype', 'Vanda Research', 'past week', 'coming weeks', 'equity markets', 'businessinsider.com', 'Retail investors', 'REUTERS', 'firm', 'uptick', 'buying', 'turn', 'story']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,biztoc.com
25929,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOFINA-SA-5960/news/Sofina-Share-buyback-ndash-08-06-2023-44074539/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Sofina : Share buyback – 08/06/2023,(marketscreener.com)   8 June 2023 - after 5.40pm Regulated information   PRESS RELEASE   Sofina announced the launch of its Share Buyback Programme in a press release dated 30 May 2023.This programme started on 31 May 2023 and will end on or before 3…,8 June 2023 - after 5.40pm Regulated informationPRESS RELEASESofina announced the launch of its Share Buyback Programme in a press release dated 30 May 2023.This programme started on 31 May 2023 and will end on or before 30 June 2023. Under this programme  Sofina may acquire  through the independent intermediary it appointed  a maximum of 50 000 Sofina shares on Euronext Brussels for a total maximum amount of EUR 11.5 million.In the framework of this programme  Sofina has carried out the following share buyback transactions on Euronext Brussels during the period from 31 May 2023 to 7 June 2023:PURCHASE NUMBER OF AVERAGE MAXIMUM MINIMUM TOTAL DATE SHARES PRICE (EUR) PRICE (EUR) PRICE (EUR) (EUR) 31/05/2023 4 500 195.30 199.80 193.00 878 845.50 01/06/2023 6 000 193.22 194.90 192.30 1 159 315.20 02/06/2023 2 000 201.49 202.40 194.70 402 989.60 05/06/2023 3 200 205.01 208.00 202.00 656 046.08 06/06/2023 4 000 201.39 204.40 199.50 805 576.80 07/06/2023 2 900 203.55 205.00 200.80 590 293.26 TOTAL 22 600 198.81 208.00 192.30 4 493 066.44Sofina holds 932 028 treasury shares on 7 June 2023.SOFINA SA | Rue de l'Industrie  31 - 1040 Brussels | RLE Brussels: 0403.219.397Listed on Euronext Brussels (ISIN BE0003717312) | www.sofinagroup.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Share buyback', 'Sofina', 'MAXIMUM MINIMUM TOTAL DATE SHARES PRICE', 'total maximum amount', 'share buyback transactions', 'Share Buyback Programme', '932,028 treasury shares', '50,000 Sofina shares', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'independent intermediary', 'PURCHASE NUMBER', 'Euronext Brussels', 'RLE Brussels', 'SOFINA SA', '1040 Brussels', 'June', '5.40pm', 'information', 'launch', '31 May', 'framework', 'period', 'AVERAGE', 'Rue', 'ISIN', 'sofinagroup']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25930,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-June-1-ndash-June-7-2023-44068349/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Share Buyback Transaction Details June 1 – June 7  2023,(marketscreener.com)                          Share Buyback Transaction Details June 1 – June 7  2023 June 8  2023 - Wolters Kluwer   a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports...https://www.marketscr…,Share Buyback Transaction Details June 1 – June 7  2023June 8  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 130 972 of its own ordinary shares in the period from June 1  2023  up to and including June 7  2023  for €14.7 million and at an average share price of €112.01.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 22  2023  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to €1 billion during 2023.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2023Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2023 to date 3 509 806 383.4 109.25For the period starting May 4  2023  up to and including July 31  2023  we have engaged a third party to execute €200 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 500 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 20 3197 6586 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'June', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Further information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'June', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'February', 'date', 'May', 'July', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'software', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,500 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '31']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25931,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PERSHING-SQUARE-HOLDINGS-18192001/news/Pershing-Square-announces-USD100-million-share-buyback-44068669/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Pershing Square announces USD100 million share buyback,(marketscreener.com) Pershing Square Holdings Ltd - investment trust led by Bill Ackman that focuses on acquiring and holding significant positions in large capitalisation companies - Announces share buyback programme for USD100.0 million of its shares on th…,"Pershing Square Holdings Ltd - investment trust led by Bill Ackman that focuses on acquiring and holding significant positions in large capitalisation companies - Announces share buyback programme for USD100.0 million of its shares on the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Amsterdam. Says the programme ""is expected to be accretive to [net asset value] per share and will reduce PSHs capital."" Jefferies International Ltd will be sole buyback agent for the programme to enable the purchase of shares during closed periods. Shares repurchased by Pershing will be held in treasury. Company says it has repurchased 60.1 million public shares for a total of USD1.14 billion at an average price of USD18.90 per share since its first buyback programme in May 2017.Current stock price: 2 815.60 pence  up 0.6% in London on Thursday morning12-month change: up 12%By Emma Curzon  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to newsroom@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News Ltd. All Rights Reserved.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['USD100 million share buyback', 'Pershing Square', 'Pershing Square Holdings Ltd', 'Jefferies International Ltd', 'Alliance News Ltd.', 'large capitalisation companies', 'net asset value', 'sole buyback agent', 'Alliance News reporter', 'Current stock price', 'London Stock Exchange', 'first buyback programme', '60.1 million public shares', 'share buyback programme', 'average price', 'investment trust', 'Bill Ackman', 'significant positions', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'closed periods', 'Thursday morning', '12-month change', 'Emma Curzon', 'All Rights', 'PSH', 'purchase', 'treasury', 'Company', 'total', 'May', '2,815.60 pence', 'Comments', 'questions', 'newsroom', 'Copyright']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25932,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDENRED-SE-6365724/news/Edenred-joins-the-CAC-40-44074398/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Edenred joins the CAC 40,(marketscreener.com) Edenred  a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  is joining the CAC 40  the Paris stock exchange’s benchmark index. The decision was made by Euronext Paris’ Expert Indices Commit…,Edenred  a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  is joining the CAC 40  the Paris stock exchange’s benchmark index. The decision was made by Euronext Paris’ Expert Indices Committee  with effect from June 19  2023.Edenred’s inclusion in the CAC 40 index is recognition of the Group’s stock market performance since its IPO  on July 2  2010  as part of the demerger of the Accor group’s Services business. After radically disrupting its business model  Edenred has today become the everyday platform for people at work  operating in 45 countries. This transformation has resulted in sustainable and profitable growth  enabling Edenred to reach new scale  with its main business and financial indicators (total revenue  EBITDA  net profit  free cash flow) doubling between 2016 and 2022. Over the same period  its market capitalization has more than tripled  from €4.4 billion at the end of 2015 to €15.2 billion on June 8  2023.Edenred has also made ESG a core component of its development. This commitment is reflected in the Group’s CSR policy  “Ideal”  which was launched in 2017  as well as in the positive impact that Edenred’s solutions have on user behavior  in particular by providing access to healthy food and sustainable mobility.Edenred’s inclusion in the CAC 40 comes just a few months after the October 2022 launch of its Beyond 22-25 strategy. Through this plan  Edenred has set itself even more ambitious financial targets than in its previous plan  with a commitment to generate annual like-for-like EBITDA growth of more than 12% and an annual free-cash-flowithEBITDA conversion rate of more than 70%. ESG is also embedded deeply in Beyond 22-25   with stronger extra-financial commitments including reaching net zero carbon by 2050  in line with SBTi targets1.Based on this plan  Edenred believes that it can reasonably aim for total revenue of around €5 billion by 2030  through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions. The strong performance recorded since the presentation of Beyond 22-25   as well as the recent acquisition of Reward Gateway  support the Group’s ambitions. As proof  the Group’s share price has risen by over 20% since the announcement  reflecting market confidence in Edenred’s continued trajectory of sustainable and profitable growth.Bertrand Dumazy  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Edenred  said: “We are proud to be joining the CAC 40  a milestone in Edenred’s history just a few months after being included in the CAC 40 ESG index. I would like to warmly thank Edenred’s 12 000 employees  without whom none of this would have been possible. This honor is proof of the Group’s successful transformation. By connecting 52 million users and two million merchants via close to one million corporate clients  Edenred has established itself as the everyday platform for people at work. Our fully digital  easy-to-use earmarked funds solutions provide fitting  real-world responses to our clients’ needs. Against a backdrop of changing work practices  employee disengagement and the need for better control of fleet expenses  these solutions are more attractive than ever. And because it reflects both our market capitalization and share liquidity  this inclusion in the CAC 40 index is a testament to investors’ confidence in our Beyond 22-25 strategic plan and our prospects for generating sustainable and profitable growth.”▬▬About EdenredEdenred is a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  connecting 52 million users and 2 million partner merchants in 45 countries via close to 1 million corporate clients.Edenred offers specific-purpose payment solutions for food (such as meal benefits)  incentives (such as gift cards  employee engagement platforms)  mobility (such as multi-energy  maintenance  toll  parking and commuter solutions) and corporate payments (such as virtual cards).True to the Group’s purpose  “Enrich connections. For good.”  these solutions enhance users’ well-being and purchasing power. They improve companies’ attractiveness and efficiency  and vitalize the employment market and the local economy. They also foster access to healthier food  more environmentally friendly products and softer mobility.Edenred’s 12 000 employees are committed to making the world of work a connected ecosystem that is safer  more efficient and more responsible every day.In 2022  thanks to its global technology assets  the Group managed some €38 billion in business volume  primarily carried out via mobile applications  online platforms and cards.Edenred is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange and included in the following indices: CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  CAC Large 60  Euronext 100  FTSE4Good and MSCI Europe.The logos and other trademarks mentioned and featured in this press release are registered trademarks of Edenred S.E.  its subsidiaries or third parties. They may not be used for commercial purposes without prior written consent from their owners.▬▬CONTACTSCommunications DepartmentEmmanuelle Châtelain+33 (0)1 86 67 24 36 emmanuelle.chatelain@edenred.comMedia RelationsMatthieu Santalucia+33 (0)1 86 67 22 63matthieu.santalucia@edenred.com Investor RelationsCédric Appert+33 (0)1 86 67 24 99cedric.appert@edenred.comBaptiste Fournier+33 (0)1 86 67 20 73baptiste.fournier@edenred.com1 Science Based Targets initiative  on scopes 1  2 and 3A.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['Edenred', 'CAC', 'Euronext Paris’ Expert Indices Committee', 'annual free-cash-flow/EBITDA conversion rate', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'one million corporate clients', 'Beyond 22-25 strategic plan', 'free cash flow', 'stronger extra-financial commitments', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'fitting, real-world responses', 'environmentally friendly products', 'global technology assets', 'prior written consent', 'CONTACTS Communications Departmen', 'two million merchants', '2 million partner merchants', '1 million corporate clients', 'leading digital platform', 'net zero carbon', 'stock market performance', 'ambitious financial targets', 'employee engagement platforms', 'specific-purpose payment solutions', 'changing work practices', 'Edenred S.E.', 'CAC 40 ESG index', 'following indices', '22-25 strategy', 'clients’ needs', '52 million users', 'everyday platform', 'financial indicators', 'net profit', 'SBTi targets', 'strong performance', 'employee disengagement', 'online platforms', 'corporate payments', 'benchmark index', 'market capitalization', 'market confidence', 'employment market', 'everyday companion', 'business model', 'profitable growth', 'new scale', 'main business', 'total revenue', 'same period', 'core component', 'CSR policy', 'positive impact', 'user behavior', 'October 2022 launch', 'previous plan', 'organic growth', 'recent acquisition', 'Reward Gateway', 'share price', 'continued trajectory', 'Bertrand Dumazy', 'fleet expenses', 'share liquidity', 'investors’ confidence', 'meal benefits', 'users’ well', 'purchasing power', 'local economy', 'business volume', 'mobile applications', 'MSCI Europe', 'other trademarks', 'press release', 'registered trademarks', 'third parties', 'commercial purposes', 'CAC 40 index', 'funds solutions', 'gift cards', 'commuter solutions', 'virtual cards', 'softer mobility', 'CAC Next', 'healthy food', 'EBITDA growth', 'successful transformation', 'Services business', 'Accor group', 'sustainable mobility', 'people', 'decision', 'effect', 'June', 'inclusion', 'recognition', 'IPO', 'July', 'demerger', '45 countries', 'development', 'Ideal', 'access', 'combination', 'acquisitions', 'presentation', 'ambitions', 'proof', 'announcement', 'Chairman', 'milestone', 'history', '12,000 employees', 'none', 'honor', 'backdrop', 'control', 'testament', 'prospects', 'close', 'incentives', 'multi-energy', 'maintenance', 'toll', 'parking', 'connections', 'being', 'attractiveness', 'efficiency', 'ecosystem', 'FTSE4Good', 'logos', 'subsidiaries', 'owners']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25933,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WORLDLINE-16783982/news/Worldline-2023-General-meeting-Approval-of-all-resolutions-Press-Release-44073879/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Worldline - 2023 General meeting - Approval of all resolutions - Press Release,(marketscreener.com) Worldline’s 2023 Annual General Meeting Approval of all resolutions submitted by the Board of directors Paris La Défense  June 8  2023 - Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services held today its Annual General Meeting …,Worldline’s 2023 Annual General MeetingApproval of all resolutions submitted by the Board of directorsParis La Défense  June 8  2023 - Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services held today its Annual General Meeting chaired by Mr. Bernard Bourigeaud  Chairman of the Board of Directors.The General Shareholders Meeting was held physically and gathered a large quorum of 80 20%. It was broadcast live and is available for replay on the Company's website.All resolutions have been approved. The General Meeting approved  in particular  the Company and consolidated accounts for the financial year ending December 31st  2022.The General Meeting approved the renewal of Director’s term of office of Mrs. Giulia Fitzpatrick  Mr. Bernard Bourigeaud1  Mr. Gilles Grapinet  Mr. Gilles Arditti1  Mr. Aldo Cardoso1 and Mr. Thierry Sommelet1 for a term of three (3) years. All renewed directors assigned to committees retain their membership.At the end of this General Meeting  the Board of Directors of Worldline now comprises 17 Directors  including two Directors representing the employees Mrs. Marie-Christine Lebert  whose term was renewed as representative of the Social and Economic Committee  and Mr. Stephan Van Hellemont  who was newly appointed as representative of European Works Council.With 66% of independent Directors  the composition of the Board is well-balanced and allows an adequate representation of its main shareholders and strategic partners. The Board is composed of 40% by women and of a diversity of profiles that ensures solid and complementary skills.Furthermore  the General Meeting approved the elements of compensation and benefits for 2022 granted to Mr. Bernard Bourigeaud  Chairman of the Board of Directors  to Mr. Gilles Grapinet  Chief Executive Officer  and to Mr. Marc-Henri Desportes  Deputy Chief Executive Officer. The General Meeting also approved the 2023 compensation policies applicable to the corporate officers.The Shareholders approved the renewal of the authorization granted to the Board of Directors with regards to share buybacks  as well as the authorizations and financial delegations regarding the issue of shares and/or securities notably with and without preferential subscription rights of shareholders  as the case may be.The delegations granted to the Board to increase the share capital reserved for employees who are members of a company or group savings plan or employees of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries were also renewed.The shareholders also approved the authorization granted to the Board to allocate performance shares and stock-options of the Company to employees and/or corporate officers of the Company or Group companies.Lastly  the shareholders voted in favour of amending the Company’s Bylaws to raise the age limit of the Chairman of the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors held after the Shareholders' General Meeting unanimously decided to confirm the reappointment of Mr. Bernard Bourigeaud as Chairman of the Board  Mr. Gilles Grapinet as Chief Executive Officer  Mr. Marc-Henri Desportes as Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Georges Pauget as Lead Independent Director.The results of voting on all resolutions submitted to Shareholders are available on the Company’s website: www.investors.worldline.com/en/general-meeting-of-shareholders.ContactsInvestor RelationsLaurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCommunicationSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comFollow usAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey – quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.4 billion euros revenue in 2022. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.1 Independent DirectorAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['2023 General meeting', 'Press Release', 'Worldline', 'Approval', 'resolutions', 'Paris La Défense', 'Benoit d’Amécourt', 'Mr. Stephan Van Hellemont', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'Investor Relations Laurent Marie', 'Sandrine van der Ghinst', 'Hélène Carlander', 'The General Shareholders Meeting', 'Mr. Bernard Bourigeaud', 'Mr. Gilles Grapinet', 'Mr. Gilles Arditti', 'Mr. Aldo Cardoso1', 'Mr. Thierry Sommelet1', 'Mr. Marc-Henri Desportes', 'Mr. Georges Pauget', 'Mrs. Giulia Fitzpatrick', 'Mrs. Marie-Christine Lebert', 'European Works Council', 'preferential subscription rights', 'advanced payments technology', '4.4 billion euros revenue', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'The General Meeting', 'group savings plan', 'leading digital payment', 'Lead Independent Director', 'one million businesses', '1 Independent Director Attachment', ""Shareholders' General Meeting"", 'sustainable economic growth', 'The Shareholders', 'payment services', 'Economic Committee', 'Group companies', 'global leader', 'large quorum', 'financial year', 'three (3) years', 'adequate representation', 'strategic partners', 'complementary skills', 'corporate officers', 'share buybacks', 'share capital', 'foreign subsidiaries', 'age limit', 'growth journey', 'local expertise', 'corporate purpose', 'independent Directors', 'main shareholders', '2023 compensation policies', 'financial delegations', 'performance shares', 'transactional solutions', 'social transformation', 'two Directors', '17 Directors', 'Worldline', 'Approval', 'resolutions', 'Board', 'WLN', 'Chairman', 'replay', 'Company', 'website', 'accounts', 'December', 'renewal', 'term', 'committees', 'membership', 'employees', 'representative', 'composition', 'women', 'diversity', 'profiles', 'solid', 'elements', 'benefits', 'authorization', 'regards', 'issue', 'securities', 'case', 'stock-options', 'favour', 'Bylaws', 'reappointment', 'results', 'investors', 'Contacts', 'damecourt', 'Communication', 'vanderghinst', 'Euronext', 'shapes', 'sizes', 'hundreds', 'markets', 'industries', 'raison', 'trust', 'security', 'societies']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25934,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LABORATORIO-FARMACEUTICO-139628566/news/Laboratorio-Farmaceutico-Erfo-board-approves-new-buyback-plan-44074447/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Laboratorio Farmaceutico Erfo  board approves new buyback plan,(marketscreener.com) Laboratorio Farmaceutico Erfo Spa announced Thursday that its board of directors has approved the start of a buyback program for its own shares traded on Euronext Growth Milan. The purpose of the program is to purchase a maximum of 500 00…,(Alliance News) - Laboratorio Farmaceutico Erfo Spa announced Thursday that its board of directors has approved the start of a buyback program for its own shares traded on Euronext Growth Milan.The purpose of the program is to purchase a maximum of 500 000 ordinary shares of the company and will start on June 12  2023 and end by Oct. 27  2024.Laboratorio Farmaceutico Erfo on Thursday closed in the green by 0.4 percent at EUR1.15 per share.By Chiara Bruschi  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Laboratorio Farmaceutico Erfo', 'new buyback plan', 'board', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Laboratorio Farmaceutico Erfo Spa', 'Alliance News reporter', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'Chiara Bruschi', 'buyback program', '500,000 ordinary shares', 'board', 'directors', 'start', 'purpose', 'maximum', 'company', 'June', 'Oct.', 'Thursday', 'green', '0.4 percent', 'Comments', 'questions', 'redazione', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25935,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CRH-PLC-4000708/news/CRH-Shareholders-Overwhelmingly-Approve-US-Primary-Listing-44072916/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,CRH Shareholders Overwhelmingly Approve US Primary Listing,(marketscreener.com)  By Ian Walker   CRH PLC said Thursday that shareholders have overwhelmingly approved its plan to move its main listing to the New York Stock Exchange  as first announced in March.  The Irish building-materials supplier said it will…,"By Ian WalkerCRH PLC said Thursday that shareholders have overwhelmingly approved its plan to move its main listing to the New York Stock Exchange  as first announced in March.The Irish building-materials supplier said it will retain a standard listing in London  but delist from the Euronext Dublin. The changes are expected to become effective around Sept. 25.CRH said that the U.S. market--which represents around 75% of group earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization--is expected to be a key driver of future growth.""We are pleased to see such strong shareholder support for the listing transition as it marks an important milestone in our development and will enable CRH to fully participate in the significant growth opportunities that lie ahead "" Chief Executive Albert Manifold said.Write to Ian Walker at ian.walker@wsj.com(END) Dow Jones Newswires06-08-23 0944ET",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,positive,0.95,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['US Primary Listing', 'CRH Shareholders', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'The Irish building-materials supplier', 'Chief Executive Albert Manifold', 'U.S. market', 'strong shareholder support', 'Dow Jones Newswires', 'significant growth opportunities', 'future growth', 'main listing', 'standard listing', 'Euronext Dublin', 'group earnings', 'key driver', 'listing transition', 'important milestone', 'Ian Walker', 'CRH PLC', 'shareholders', 'plan', 'March', 'London', 'changes', 'Sept.', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'development']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25936,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ABIVAX-22387984/news/Abivax-releases-the-results-of-its-June-5-2023-ordinary-and-extraordinary-general-meeting-44073205/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Abivax releases the results of its June 5  2023 ordinary and extraordinary general meeting,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word: AGM/EGMAbivax releases the results of its June 5  2023 ordinary and extraordinary general meeting 08.06.2023 / 16:21 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this an…,EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word(s): AGM/EGMAbivax releases the results of its June 5  2023 ordinary and extraordinary general meeting08.06.2023 / 16:21 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Abivax releases the results of its June 5  2023 ordinary and extraordinary general meetingShareholders approved all proposed resolutionsPARIS  France  June 6  2023 – 6:00 p.m. (CEST) – Abivax SA (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 – ABVX)  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  held its ordinary and extraordinary general meeting of shareholders on June 5  2023  which was chaired by Marc de Garidel  CEO of Abivax and interim Chairman of the Board of Directors.The shareholders have adopted all the resolutions approved by the Board of Directors and  in particular  the financial statements for the 2022 financial year  the compensation policy applicable to the Chairman  the Chief Executive Officer and the directors  as well as delegations granted to the Board of Directors related to financial transactions.Shareholders also ratified the cooptation of Mr. Marc de Garidel as Board member and approved the appointment of Agili(3f) as co-statutory auditors for a period of six financial years.Details on the vote results will be available on the Company’s website.*****About Abivax (www.abivax.com)Abivax is a Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company  focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Abivax  founded by Truffle Capital  is listed on Euronext compartment B (ISIN: FR0012333284 – Mnémo: ABVX). Based in Paris and Montpellier  Abivax’s lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. More information on the company is available at www.abivax.com. Follow us on Twitter @ABIVAX_.Contacts,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['extraordinary general meeting', 'June 5, 2023 ordinary', 'Abivax', 'results', 'Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company', 'Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Mr. Marc de Garidel', 'Phase 3 clinical trials', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'lead drug candidate', 'Euronext compartment B', 'six financial years', 'financial statements', '2022 financial year', 'financial transactions', 'immune system', 'compensation policy', 'statutory auditors', 'Truffle Capital', 'Mnémo', 'ulcerative colitis', 'More information', 'Euronext Paris', 'interim Chairman', 'vote results', 'Board member', 'June 5, 2023 ordinary', 'Abivax SA', 'EQS-News', 'AGM/EGM', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Shareholders', 'resolutions', 'France', 'ABVX', 'therapeutics', 'patients', 'CEO', 'Directors', 'delegations', 'cooptation', 'appointment', 'period', 'Details', 'website', 'Montpellier', 'obefazimod', 'treatment', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', '6:00']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25937,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/08/2684431/0/en/Inventiva-and-Echosens-launch-joint-initiative-to-increase-NASH-awareness-and-access-to-screening-for-at-risk-patients.html,Inventiva and Echosens launch joint initiative to increase NASH awareness and access to screening for at-risk patients,Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States) / Paris (France) and Waltham (United States)  June 8  2023 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral sm…,English FrenchDaix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States) / Paris (France) and Waltham (United States)  June 8  2023 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (“NASH”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs and Echosens  a high-technology company providing a comprehensive range of diagnostic solutions for liver health  today announce their collaboration in raising awareness about NASH and increase access to screening for patients at risk of developing NASH.NASH is a chronic and progressive metabolic liver disease that  if left undiagnosed and unmanaged  can lead to cirrhosis or liver cancer and may result in the need for a liver transplant. Although NASH is often described as “silent”  patients with NASH do have an impaired quality of life1 and an increased risk of cardiovascular and liver-related complications2.With a global prevalence ranging from 1.5% to 6.45%3 and expected to increase 63% by 20303  there is an urgent need to diagnose patients at higher risk of progression. This is why Inventiva and Echosens are joining forces to provide easier access to screening using FibroScan® in local communities. This awareness and screening program will take place in about ten communities at risk for NASH in the United States and Europe  and will be supported by expert hepatologists and local patient and community organizations.Frédéric Cren  Chairman  CEO and cofounder of Inventiva  stated: “On this 6th annual edition of International NASH Day  we are extremely proud to join forces with Echosens in this effort to increase both NASH awareness and identification of patients at risk of developing NASH. A tremendous effort is still required to ensure that patients are not left undiagnosed and that they eventually receive the care that they need. We are delighted to combine our expertise in the development of potential therapies for NASH together with Echosens’ world-class know-how in NASH diagnosis  for this initiative that will shed further light on this disease and help screen and identify patients at risk of developing NASH.”“There is a pressing need for a broader adoption of non-invasive liver tests to increase the diagnosis rate and improve the care of people living with NASH. We  alongside with our partners  have a joint responsibility to shape a future where patients have access to easy diagnosis solutions and effective therapies” said Dominique Legros  CEO of Echosens. “We are very proud to partner with Inventiva to launch initiatives facilitating screening of NASH and increasing awareness of this disease among patients  healthcare providers and other stakeholders.”About NASHNon-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is the most severe form of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). It is a progressive metabolic liver disease characterised by fat accumulation and inflammation in the liver  which can lead to scarring  or fibrosis  and eventually end-stage liver disease and death. The risk of progression to advanced liver disease  including liver cancer  is higher in people with NASH than in the general population  and NASH is already the leading cause of waitlist registration and liver transplant in women in the United States4. Moreover  NASH increases the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases5. Known risk factors for NASH include dyslipidaemia  type 2 diabetes  obesity  metabolic syndrome and hypertension. There are currently no approved treatments for NASH globally  and people with NASH are left with very few management options.About EchosensPioneer in its field  Echosens significantly changed the practice of liver assessment with FibroScan®  the non-invasive solution for comprehensive management of liver health. For the past decade  FibroScan® has been recognized worldwide and validated by over 3 500 peer-reviewed publications and 160 international guidelines. Echosens has made FibroScan® available in over 100+ countries enabling millions of liver examinations worldwide.At Echosens we envision a future where…… liver health is at the core of total health … every medical professional has the necessary tools to measure the health of the liver  identify pathologies  and manage treatments simply  accurately and effectively … every patient has the right to receive information about their liver health in a simple  timely and easy-to-understand manner.www.echosens.comAbout InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH  mucopolysaccharidoses (“MPS”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signalling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA).www.inventivapharma.comContactsMedia InventivaPascaline Clerc  +1 240 620 9175 – media@inventivapharma.comTristan Roquet Montegon  +33 1 53 96 83 83 – inventiva@brunswickgroup.comInvestors InventivaPatricia L. Bank  +1 415 513 1284 – patti.bank@westwicke.comMedia EchosensElizabeth Mortek  +1 612 677 2025 – elizabeth@inprela.comImportant NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including design  duration  timing  recruitment costs  screening and enrolment for those trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH  the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes and the study with lanifibranor in patients with NAFLD and T2D  potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits of Inventiva’s product candidates  including lanifibranor  potential regulatory submissions and approvals  and Inventiva’s pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects of Inventiva  the potential receipt of the second tranche under the EIB loan and any potential transaction or receipt of additional funds  future access to the two-year short-term deposit  and the sufficiency of Inventiva’s cash resources and estimated cash runway. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “aim”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Future results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the changes to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the current geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines  health epidemics  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  rising interest rates  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 30  2023  and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30  2023 for other risks and uncertainties affecting Inventiva  including those described from time to time under the caption “Risk Factors”. Other risks and uncertainties of which Inventiva is not currently aware may also affect its forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above.1 Kennedy-Martin  T.  Bae  J.P.  Paczkowski  R. et al. Health-related quality of life burden of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis: a robust pragmatic literature review. J Patient Rep Outcomes 2  28 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1186/s41687-018-0052-72 Dulai PS  Singh S  Patel J  Soni M  Prokop LJ  Younossi Z  Sebastiani G  Ekstedt M  Hagstrom H  Nasr P  Stal P  Wong VW  Kechagias S  Hultcrantz R  Loomba R. Increased risk of mortality by fibrosis stage in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: Systematic review and meta-analysis. Hepatology. 2017 May;65(5):1557-1565. doi: 10.1002/hep.29085. Epub 2017 Mar 31. PMID: 28130788; PMCID: PMC5397356.3 Estes C  Razavi H  Loomba R  et al. Modeling the epidemic of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease demonstrates an exponential increase in burden of disease. Hepatology. 2018;67(1):123-133.4 Noureddin M  Vipani A  Bresee C  Todo T  Kim IK  Alkhouri N  Setiawan VW  Tran T  Ayoub WS  Lu SC  Klein AS  Sundaram V  Nissen NN. NASH Leading Cause of Liver Transplant in Women: Updated Analysis of Indications For Liver Transplant and Ethnic and Gender Variances. Am J Gastroenterol. 2018 Nov;113(11):1649-1659.5 Angulo P  Kleiner DE  Dam-Larsen S  et al. Liver fibrosis  but no other histologic features  associates with long-term outcomes of patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Gastroenterology. 2015;149(2):389-397.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.88,0.11,mixed,0.42,0.15,0.43,True,English,"['joint initiative', 'NASH awareness', 'risk patients', 'Inventiva', 'Echosens', 'access', 'screening', 'Frédéric Cren', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'progressive metabolic liver disease', 'non-alcoholic fatty liver disease', 'Long Island City', '6th annual edition', 'one clinical candidate', 'stage liver disease', 'advanced liver disease', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'non-invasive liver tests', 'easy diagnosis solutions', 'Echosens’ world-class know-how', 'International NASH Day', 'metabolic syndrome', 'medical professional', 'potential therapies', 'effective therapies', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'diagnostic solutions', 'non-invasive solution', '160 international guidelines', 'liver cancer', 'liver transplant', 'liver assessment', 'liver examinations', 'diagnosis rate', 'urgent need', 'pressing need', 'liver health', 'high-technology company', 'The Company', 'English French', 'New York', 'United States', 'other diseases', 'comprehensive range', 'impaired quality', 'liver-related complications', 'global prevalence', 'local communities', 'ten communities', 'expert hepatologists', 'community organizations', 'broader adoption', 'joint responsibility', 'Dominique Legros', 'healthcare providers', 'other stakeholders', 'severe form', 'fat accumulation', 'general population', 'leading cause', 'waitlist registration', 'type 2 diabetes', 'management options', 'comprehensive management', 'past decade', '3,500 peer-reviewed publications', '100+ countries', 'necessary tools', 'nuclear receptors', 'transcription factors', 'epigenetic modulation', 'two preclinica', 'total health', 'Euronext Paris', 'local patient', 'tremendous effort', 'NASH diagnosis', 'cardiovascular diseases', 'strong expertise', 'easier access', 'screening program', 'higher risk', 'risk factors', 'NASH awareness', 'NASH.', 'Daix', 'France', 'Waltham', 'Inventiva', 'Nasdaq', 'development', 'treatment', 'patients', 'collaboration', 'chronic', 'cirrhosis', 'life1', 'progression', 'forces', 'FibroScan®', 'place', 'Europe', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'cofounder', 'identification', 'initiative', 'light', 'people', 'partners', 'future', 'NAFLD', 'inflammation', 'fibrosis', 'death', 'women', 'dyslipidaemia', 'obesity', 'hypertension', 'Pioneer', 'field', 'practice', 'over', 'millions', 'core', 'pathologies', 'right', 'information', 'manner', 'research', 'mucopolysaccharidoses', 'MPS', 'experience', 'domain', 'compounds', 'pipeline', '6.45']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,globenewswire.com
25938,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAVESTONE-45568714/news/Wavestone-Declaration-according-to-article-223-16-AMF-44073927/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Wavestone :  Declaration according to article 223-16 (AMF),(marketscreener.com)  In accordance with article L233-8 of commercial law  Wavestone informs its shareholders that as of May 31  2023  its capital was composed of 20 196 492 shares representing 32 504 776 voting rights according to article 223-11 of the AMF…,"In accordance with article L233-8 of commercial law  Wavestone informs its shareholders that as of May 31  2023  its capital was composed of 20 196 492 shares representing 32 504 776 voting rights according to article 223-11 of the AMF.About WavestoneIn a world where knowing how to drive transformation is key to success  Wavestone's mission is to inform and guide large organizations in their most critical transformations  with the aim of a positive outcome for all stakeholders. This is anchored in the firm's DNA and embodied in our overarching values  known as “The Positive Way.”Wavestone draws on more than 4 000 employees across Europe  Asia  and the United States  and is a leading global consultancy.Wavestone is listed on Euronext Paris  and recognized as a Great Place to Work®.WavestonePascal ImbertCEOTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00Justine BrossetFinancial CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00 ActusMathieu OmnesInvestor and Analyst RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92Deborah SchwartzPress relationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 35This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mWedlZtvY5rGnmtpYZuanGmWb26Vl2XKbGbKx2NtaMvHZ2pglZtiZsXLZnFhmGpr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Total number of voting rights and capital:- Information on the total number of voting rights and shares making up the share capital Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/80355-wavestone_declaration-amf_230608-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['Wavestone', 'Declaration', 'article', 'AMF', 'leading global consultancy', 'Pascal Imbert CEO', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'The Positive Way', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Press relations', 'positive outcome', 'commercial law', '32,504,776 voting rights', 'large organizations', 'critical transformations', 'overarching values', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'Great Place', 'Justine Brosset', 'Financial Communication', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Analyst Relations', 'Deborah Schwartz', 'Total number', 'Regulated information', 'share capital', 'accordance', 'article', 'Wavestone', 'shareholders', 'May', '20,196,492 shares', 'AMF', 'world', 'success', 'mission', 'aim', 'stakeholders', 'firm', 'DNA', '4,000 employees', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Tel.', 'Investor', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', 'company', '33', '1 49', '1 53']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25939,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/teleperformance-applauded-by-frost--sullivan-for-enhancing-customer-care-with-a-strong-balance-of-automation-technology-and-empathy-and-with-its-leading-position-301843171.html,Teleperformance Applauded by Frost & Sullivan for Enhancing Customer Care with a Strong Balance of Automation  Technology  and Empathy and with Its Leading Position,Teleperformance shapes industry trends with a deep-rooted history of purpose-fit innovation that has impacted its role in the market  as seen by its incredible growth in Peru  doubling its YoY revenue from 2019 to 2022. SAN ANTONIO  June 8  2023 /PRNewswire/ …,"Teleperformance shapes industry trends with a deep-rooted history of purpose-fit innovation that has impacted its role in the market  as seen by its incredible growth in Peru  doubling its YoY revenue from 2019 to 2022.SAN ANTONIO  June 8  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Recently  Frost & Sullivan researched the customer experience (CX) outsourcing services industry and  based on its analysis results  recognizes Teleperformance with the 2023 Peru Company of the Year Award. The company leads in omnichannel CX  offering a comprehensive digital business services portfolio that leverages its patented technology and dynamic workforce to engage with clients. The company differentiates as the largest service provider in the Latin American (LATAM) CX outsourcing services market  where it became the revenue leader in 2020. With its best practices  proprietary solutions  growth performance  ongoing innovation  and sustained leadership  Teleperformance is set apart from competitors.Teleperformance's vision centers on enhancing the employee experience through technology and solutions  ""delivering an outstanding CX at every opportunity."" The company connects deep-seated domain and operational knowledge with advanced digital business services to deliver best-in-class CX outsourcing services. Leveraging a land-and-expand approach  Teleperformance capitalized on the Peruvian CX outsourcing market's nascence by establishing Teleperformance Peru (TP Peru) in 2017. While many companies have tried to develop the Peruvian nearshore market for years  only TP Peru has significantly succeeded  making it a pioneer in the space. Teleperformance helps customers achieve top performance and operational efficiency.According to Samantha Fisher  Best Practices Research Analyst at Frost & Sullivan  ""Teleperformance pioneered the industry's first multilingual hub that accommodates employees of various nationalities. Agents work from a single location while serving clients across various regions  enabling the company to maintain intimate client relationships.""With its visionary approach and commitment to sustainable practices  Teleperformance is well positioned as a market leader. Since its inception  Teleperformance has maintained a sterling reputation and customer-centric framework  leading to its coveted preferred partner status. The organization continues to excel and maintain its reputation as a preferred partner by delivering technology and human empathy through artificial intelligence  natural language processing  automation  voice assistants  chatbots  and self-service. Additionally  the company has deployed over 100 proprietary CX solutions and over 8 000 chatbots  a significant increase and demonstration of Teleperformance's robust digital services. The company leverages its talent to support development in Peru  while its portfolio  advanced technology  and comprehensive services well position it as the frontrunner in the CX outsourcing services market.""Teleperformance is a pioneer in the highly competitive CX outsourcing services market through its consistent innovation  revolutionary strategies  and market impact. Teleperformance stands apart as a strong leader and best-in-class employer that prioritizes employee well-being across the entire organization "" added Sebastian Menutti  Industry Principal at Frost & Sullivan. With its strong overall performance  Teleperformance earns the 2023 Frost & Sullivan Peru Company of the Year Award in the CX outsourcing services industry.Each year  Frost & Sullivan presents a Company of the Year award to the organization that demonstrates excellence in terms of growth strategy and implementation in its field. The award recognizes a high degree of innovation with products and technologies and the resulting leadership in terms of customer value and market penetration.Frost & Sullivan Best Practices Awards recognize companies in various regional and global markets for demonstrating outstanding achievement and superior performance in leadership  technological innovation  customer service  and strategic product development. Industry analysts compare market participants and measure performance through in-depth interviews  analyses  and extensive secondary research to identify best practices in the industry.About Frost & SullivanFor six decades  Frost & Sullivan has been world-renowned for helping investors  corporate leaders  and governments navigate economic changes and identify disruptive technologies  Mega Trends  new business models  and companies to action  resulting in a continuous flow of growth opportunities to drive future success. Contact us: Start the discussion.Contact:Tammy Chantammy.chan@frost.comAbout Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  is a global leader in digital business services  blending the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster and safer for the world's biggest brands and their customers. The Group's comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including Trust and Safety services that help defend both online users and brand reputation. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. With more than 410 000 inspired and passionate people speaking more than 300 languages  the Group's global scale and local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2022  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 154 million (US$8.6 billion  based on €1 = $1.05) and net profit of €645 million. Visit the Group at www.teleperformance.com.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2093878/2023_Award___Teleperformance__Peru_COY_Award_Logo.jpgSOURCE Frost & Sullivan",neutral,0.23,0.77,0.0,positive,0.63,0.37,0.0,True,English,"['Customer Care', 'Strong Balance', 'Leading Position', 'Teleperformance', 'Frost', 'Sullivan', 'Automation', 'Technology', 'Empathy', 'LATAM) CX outsourcing services market', 'competitive CX outsourcing services market', 'comprehensive digital business services portfolio', 'class CX outsourcing services', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio', 'advanced digital business services', 'CX outsourcing services industry', 'Best Practices Research Analyst', 'robust digital services', 'new business models', 'extensive secondary research', 'largest service provider', 'first multilingual hub', 'intimate client relationships', 'natural language processing', 'Best Practices Awards', 'enhanced customer care', 'Peruvian nearshore market', 'preferred partner status', 'strategic product development', '100 proprietary CX solutions', 'strong overall performance', 'comprehensive services', '2023 Frost & Sullivan Peru Company', 'Peruvian CX', 'omnichannel CX', 'outstanding CX', 'customer service', 'class employer', 'market leader', 'market impact', 'market penetration', 'market participants', 'sustainable practices', 'proprietary solutions', 'strong leader', 'customer experience', 'customer value', 'industry trends', 'Industry Principal', 'Industry analysts', 'advanced technology', 'deep-rooted history', 'incredible growth', 'YoY revenue', 'SAN ANTONIO', 'analysis results', 'dynamic workforce', 'Latin American', 'revenue leader', 'growth performance', 'employee experience', 'deep-seated domain', 'operational knowledge', 'expand approach', 'TP Peru', 'top performance', 'operational efficiency', 'Samantha Fisher', 'various nationalities', 'single location', 'various regions', 'visionary approach', 'customer-centric framework', 'human empathy', 'artificial intelligence', 'voice assistants', 'significant increase', 'revolutionary strategies', 'employee well-being', 'Sebastian Menutti', 'growth strategy', 'high degree', 'various regional', 'global markets', 'outstanding achievement', 'superior performance', 'depth interviews', 'six decades', 'corporate leaders', 'economic changes', 'Mega Trends', 'continuous flow', 'growth opportunities', 'future success', 'global leader', 'biggest brands', 'The Group', 'purpose-fit innovation', 'ongoing innovation', 'consistent innovation', 'technological innovation', 'Year Award', 'sustained leadership', 'resulting leadership', 'sterling reputation', 'disruptive technologies', 'Tammy Chan', 'TEP FP', '2023 Peru Company', 'many companies', 'entire organization', 'Teleperformance Peru', 'Teleperformance Group', 'role', 'PRNewswire', 'clients', 'competitors', 'opportunity', 'land', 'nascence', 'years', 'space', 'customers', 'employees', 'Agents', 'commitment', 'inception', 'coveted', 'automation', 'chatbots', 'self-service', 'demonstration', 'talent', 'frontrunner', 'pioneer', 'excellence', 'terms', 'implementation', 'field', 'products', 'analyses', 'investors', 'governments', 'action', 'discussion', 'Contact', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,prnewswire.co.uk
25940,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PUBLICIS-GROUPE-SA-4685/news/PUBLICIS-GROUPE-LAUNCHES-PX-END-TO-END-CONTENT-PLATFORM-POWERED-BY-ADOBE-S-CONTENT-SUPPLY-CHAIN-SOL-44068658/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,PUBLICIS GROUPE LAUNCHES PX END-TO-END CONTENT PLATFORM  POWERED BY ADOBE'S CONTENT SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTION,(marketscreener.com) PUBLICIS GROUPE LAUNCHES PX END-TO-END CONTENT PLATFORM  POWERED BY ADOBE’S CONTENT SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTION Publicis PX offering connects Publicis’ global audience data  media capabilities  marketing transformation expertise and studio netw…,PUBLICIS GROUPE LAUNCHES PX END-TO-END CONTENT PLATFORM  POWERED BY ADOBE’S CONTENT SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONPublicis PX offering connects Publicis’ global audience data  media capabilities  marketing transformation expertise and studio network with Adobe’s Content Supply Chain solutionPARIS  FRANCE  8 June  2023 – Publicis Groupe (Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40) today announced PX – an end to end production offering – dedicated to accelerating omnichannel content production  performance and personalisation. Data-driven  enabling dynamic-delivery and powered by the biggest modular-first studio network  PX is built to service engaging personalisation at scale.With marketers reporting content needs have grown twofold in the past two years and expecting demand to grow by between 5x and 20x over the next two years*  Publicis Groupe identified a common challenge in the market: existing solutions that support content management and delivery are often pieced together from disparate technologies and disconnected from creative  production and media platforms.Powered by Adobe’s Content Supply Chain solution – Adobe Experience Cloud and Creative Cloud including Adobe Workfront and Adobe Experience Manager – with Publicis Groupe’s global audience data  studio capabilities and media expertise  the new offering allows marketers to create  orchestrate  personalise and optimise the content design  delivery and performance across the entire supply chain.Peformance SimplifiedPX connects Publicis’ best-in-class studio and media capabilities with Adobe’s comprehensive Content Supply Chain solution within a seamless interface  providing marketers with a personalised dashboard and direct access to smart briefing  review and approval and modular asset management systems.Content AmplifiedDirectly connected to Publicis Groupe’s network of 50 content studios  expert in modular content strategy  creative and production  PX is a one-stop-shop for marketers to originate  adapt  version and optimise their content. New generative AI capabilities include translation  generative voice-over origination as well as Adobe Sensei GenAi generative AI services  and Adobe Firefly  Adobe’s family of creative generative AI models  which produce commercially viable  professional-quality content. Modular asset management and automated versioning enable dynamic content assembly and publication  bringing to life creative and media personalisation requirements  consistently and cost-effectively.Precision MaximizedThe solution seamlessly connects data with taxonomy integrity and AI-driven tagging across the entire content supply chain from origination to publication and storage. PX tracks asset performance and includes AI-based image recognition that enables smart in-flight optimization.“With data-driven personalisation at scale being critical to all future-facing marketing operations  PX is providing a true end-to-end optimal solution  connecting the dots between creative  production  media planning and activation ecosystems. Building on our ongoing partnership with Adobe  PX will further bring simplicity and efficiency to clients looking to streamline and accelerate how they are engaging with consumers” - Arthur Sadoun  CEO of Publicis Groupe.“Adobe and Publicis have a longstanding partnership aligned on our joint mission to help brands around the world deliver more personalised experiences to customers ” said Adobe CEO Shantanu Narayen. “We look forward to helping unlock the full potential of content and marketing at scale to drive profitable growth for our customers.”Visit: https://publicisproduction.com/px/About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 98 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | Twitter: @PublicisGroupe | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Viva la Difference!Link to the press release hereContacts Publicis Groupe,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['CONTENT SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTION', 'END CONTENT PLATFORM', 'GROUPE LAUNCHES', 'ADOBE', 'Adobe Sensei GenAi generative AI services', 'comprehensive Content Supply Chain solution', 'creative generative AI models', 'New generative AI capabilities', 'entire content supply chain', 'modular asset management systems', 'biggest modular-first studio network', 'Adobe CEO Shantanu Narayen', 'entire supply chain', 'Publicis’ global audience data', 'modular content strategy', 'past two years', 'next two years', 'AI-based image recognition', 'four main activities', 'viable, professional-quality content', 'dynamic content assembly', 'end optimal solution', 'digital business transformation', 'future-facing marketing operations', 'Adobe Experience Manager', 'END CONTENT PLATFORM', 'omnichannel content production', 'Adobe Experience Cloud', 'Contacts Publicis Groupe', 'media personalisation requirements', 'marketing transformation expertise', 'content management', 'Publicis PX offering', 'value chain', 'new offering', 'studio capabilities', 'global leader', 'content needs', 'content design', 'Content Amplified', '50 content studios', 'media capabilities', 'Creative Cloud', 'class studio', 'production offering', 'asset performance', 'true end', 'GROUPE LAUNCHES', 'Adobe Workfront', 'Adobe Firefly', 'The Groupe', 'engaging personalisation', 'common challenge', 'existing solutions', 'disparate technologies', 'creative, production', 'media platforms', 'media expertise', 'Peformance Simplified', 'seamless interface', 'personalised dashboard', 'automated versioning', 'taxonomy integrity', 'AI-driven tagging', 'flight optimization', 'data-driven personalisation', 'media planning', 'activation ecosystems', 'ongoing partnership', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'longstanding partnership', 'joint mission', 'personalised experiences', 'full potential', 'profitable growth', 'The Power', 'privileged partner', 'ten expertise', 'fluid organization', 'press release', 'clients’ transformation', 'Euronext Paris', 'direct access', 'smart briefing', 'FRANCE', '8 June', 'CAC', 'dynamic-delivery', 'scale', 'marketers', 'demand', '5x', 'review', 'approval', 'one-stop-shop', 'translation', 'origination', 'family', 'publication', 'life', 'storage', 'dots', 'simplicity', 'efficiency', 'consumers', 'brands', 'world', 'customers', 'publicisproduction', 'communication', 'step', 'consulting', 'execution', 'personalization', 'Technology', 'unified', '100 countries', '98,000 professionals', 'publicisgroupe', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Difference']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25941,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COFINIMMO-5977/news/Cofinimmo-divests-the-Science-Wetenschap-41-office-building-44073819/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Cofinimmo : divests the Science/Wetenschap 41 office building,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Brussels  08.06.2023  05:40 p.m. CET   Cofinimmo divests the Science/Wetenschap 41 office building   Cofinimmo Offices SA/NV  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cofinimmo   signed a private agreement relating to the…,"PRESS RELEASEBrussels  08.06.2023  05:40 p.m. CETCofinimmo divests the Science/Wetenschap 41 office buildingCofinimmo Offices SA/NV  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cofinimmo (Euronext Brussels: COFB)  signed a private agreement relating to the granting of a 99-year leasehold right on the office building located rue de la Science/Wetenschapsstraat 41 in the Central Business District ('CBD') of Brussels. The proceeds amount to approximately 12 million EUR. This amount is in line with the latest fair value (as at 31.03.2023)  as determined by Cofinimmo Offices' independent real estate valuer  prior to the signature of the agreement. The notary deed should be signed in a few weeks.The site dates from 1960 and offers approximately 2 900 m² of office space. Its occupancy rate on 31.03.2023 was approximately 98%.The cumulative amount of the divestments already carried out since 01.01.2023 and those already signed and expected to be closed by the end of the financial year now amounts to approximately 172 million EUR.Jean-PierreHanin  CEO of Cofinimmo: ""With this transaction  we pursue our ESG strategy and the overall rebalancing of our portfolio and demonstrate our ability to perform asset arbitrages.""For more information: Philippe Etienne Lynn Nachtergaele Yeliz Bicici Head of External Communication Head of Investor Relations Chief Operating Officer Tel.: +32 2 373 60 32 Tel.: +32 2 777 14 08 Offices & Real Estate Development petienne@cofinimmo.be lnachtergaele@cofinimmo.be Tel.: +32 2 373 00 00About Cofinimmo:Cofinimmo has been acquiring  developing and managing rental properties for almost 40 years. The company has a portfolio spread across Belgium  France  the Netherlands  Germany  Spain  Finland  Ireland  Italy and the United Kingdom with a value of approximately6.3 billion EUR. Responding to societal changes  Cofinimmo's mission is to provide high-quality care  living  and working spaces to partner-tenants for their occupants to enjoy. 'Caring  Living and Working - Together in Real Estate' is the expression of this mission.Thanks to its expertise  Cofinimmo has assembled a healthcare real estate portfolio of approximately 4.5 billion EUR in Europe.As an independent company applying the highest standards of corporate governance and sustainability  Cofinimmo offers tenant services and manages its portfolio through a team of approximately 160 employees in Brussels  Paris  Breda  Frankfurt and Madrid.Cofinimmo is listed on Euronext Brussels (BEL20) and benefits from the REIT status in Belgium (RREC)  France (SIIC) and the Netherlands (FBI). Its activities are supervised by the Financial Services and Markets Authority (FSMA)  the Belgian regulator.www.cofinimmo.comFollow us on:1",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Science/Wetenschap 41 office building', 'Cofinimmo', 'Philippe Etienne Lynn Nachtergaele Yeliz Bicici Head', 'rue de la Science', 'independent real estate valuer', 'healthcare real estate portfolio', 'External Communication Head', 'Real Estate Development', 'Central Business District', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'latest fair value', 'Science/Wetenschap 41 office building', 'Cofinimmo Offices SA/NV', 'independent company', 'office space', 'PRESS RELEASE', '99-year leasehold', 'notary deed', 'occupancy rate', 'financial year', 'ESG strategy', 'overall rebalancing', 'asset arbitrages', 'Investor Relations', 'rental properties', 'United Kingdom', 'societal changes', 'high-quality care', 'working spaces', 'highest standards', 'corporate governance', 'tenant services', 'REIT status', 'Financial Services', 'Markets Authority', 'Belgian regulator', 'private agreement', 'cumulative amount', 'Euronext Brussels', 'CET', 'owned', 'subsidiary', 'COFB', 'granting', 'Wetenschapsstraat', 'CBD', 'proceeds', 'line', 'signature', 'weeks', 'site', '2,900 m²', 'divestments', 'Jean-PierreHanin', 'CEO', 'transaction', 'ability', 'information', '40 years', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Spain', 'Finland', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'mission', 'living', 'partner-tenants', 'occupants', 'expression', 'expertise', 'billion', 'Europe', 'team', '160 employees', 'Paris', 'Breda', 'Frankfurt', 'Madrid', 'benefits', 'RREC', 'SIIC', 'FBI', 'activities', 'FSMA', '05:40', '31.03.', '01.01.', '32']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25942,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ELECTRICITE-DE-FRANCE-4998/news/Implementation-of-the-squeeze-out-procedure-in-respect-of-the-equity-securities-of-EDF-44074342/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Implementation of the squeeze-out procedure in respect of the equity securities of EDF,(marketscreener.com) Implementation of the squeeze-out procedure in respect of the equity securities of EDF Following the reopening of the simplified public tender offer filed by the French State for the equity securities of EDF1 and in accordance with the no…,"Implementation of the squeeze-out procedure in respect of the equity securities of EDFFollowing the reopening of the simplified public tender offer (the ""Offer"") filed by the French State for the equity securities of EDF1 and in accordance with the notice released on 26 May 2023 by the French Financial Markets Authority  the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the ""AMF"")  the squeeze-out procedure in respect of the EDF shares and OCEANEs was completed on 8 June 2023.The implementation of the squeeze-out procedure led to the transfer to the French State of the securities not tendered in the Offer  and to the delisting of EDF shares from Euronext Paris and of EDF OCEANEs from Euronext Access. The French State now holds all of EDF’s share capital and voting rights.As a result  former EDF shareholders will not be entitled to participate in the 2023 Annual General Meeting2.In the context of the energy transition  this operation confirms EDF's key role in the production of carbon-free electricity and in supporting its customers towards greater energy efficiency.Important informationThis press release was prepared for information purposes only. It does not constitute an offer to the public and may not be deemed to constitute any form of soliciting for the purpose of buying or selling financial securities. The circulation of this press release  the Offer  and the acceptance of the Offer may be subject to a specific regulation or restrictions in some countries. The Offer is not directed at persons subject to such restrictions  either directly or indirectly  and it may not be accepted by anyone located in a jurisdiction where the Offer is subject to such restrictions. Consequently  persons in possession of this press release must familiarize themselves and comply with any restrictions that may apply to them.EDF may not be held liable for the violation  by any person or entity  of any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions.This press release is certified. Check its authenticity on medias.edf.comAbout EDFAs a major player in energy transition  the EDF Group is an integrated energy company active in all businesses: generation  transmission  distribution  energy trading  energy sales and energy services. EDF group is a world leader in low-carbon energy  having developed a diverse production mix based mainly on nuclear and renewable energy (including hydropower). It is also investing in new technologies to support energy transition. EDF’s raison d’être is to build a net zero energy future with electricity and innovative solutions and services  to help save the planet and drive well-being and economic development. The Group is involved in supplying energy and services to approximately 40.3 million customers (1)  of whom 30.3 million in France (2).(1) Customers are counted per delivery site. A customer can have two delivery points: one for electricity and another one for gas.(2) Including ÉS (Électricité de Strasbourg) and SEI.1 See press release dated 23 May 2023.2 See the convening notice published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires dated 10 May 2023. Shareholders convened to the 2023 Annual General Meeting will be informed by e-mail notably sent by Uptevia or via the EDF website.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.26,0.32,True,English,"['equity securities', 'Implementation', 'squeeze', 'procedure', 'respect', 'EDF', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'net zero energy future', 'French Financial Markets Authority', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'two delivery points', 'greater energy efficiency', 'integrated energy company', 'Marchés Financiers', 'diverse production mix', 'The French State', 'former EDF shareholders', 'public tender offer', 'financial securities', 'The Group', 'delivery site', 'energy transition', 'energy trading', 'energy sales', 'low-carbon energy', 'renewable energy', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext Access', 'share capital', 'voting rights', 'key role', 'Important information', 'press release', 'information purposes', 'specific regulation', 'applicable legal', 'major player', 'world leader', 'new technologies', 'innovative solutions', 'economic development', 'equity securities', 'energy services', 'EDF shares', 'EDF Group', 'EDF website', 'convening notice', 'carbon-free electricity', '40.3 million customers', 'regulatory restrictions', 'EDF OCEANEs', 'Implementation', 'squeeze', 'procedure', 'respect', 'reopening', 'simplified', 'EDF1', 'accordance', '26 May', 'AMF', '8 June', 'transfer', 'delisting', 'result', 'context', 'operation', 'circulation', 'acceptance', 'countries', 'persons', 'jurisdiction', 'possession', 'violation', 'entity', 'authenticity', 'medias', 'businesses', 'generation', 'transmission', 'distribution', 'nuclear', 'hydropower', 'raison', 'planet', 'being', 'France', 'gas', 'Électricité', 'Strasbourg', 'SEI', 'Bulletin', '10 May', 'mail', 'Uptevia', 'Attachment']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25943,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/08/2685114/0/en/Implementation-of-the-squeeze-out-procedure-in-respect-of-the-equity-securities-of-EDF.html,Implementation of the squeeze-out procedure in respect of the equity securities of EDF,Implementation of the squeeze-out procedure in respect of the equity securities of EDF  Following the reopening of the simplified public tender offer...,"English FrenchImplementation of the squeeze-out procedure in respect of the equity securities of EDFFollowing the reopening of the simplified public tender offer (the ""Offer"") filed by the French State for the equity securities of EDF1 and in accordance with the notice released on 26 May 2023 by the French Financial Markets Authority  the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the ""AMF"")  the squeeze-out procedure in respect of the EDF shares and OCEANEs was completed on 8 June 2023.The implementation of the squeeze-out procedure led to the transfer to the French State of the securities not tendered in the Offer  and to the delisting of EDF shares from Euronext Paris and of EDF OCEANEs from Euronext Access. The French State now holds all of EDF’s share capital and voting rights.As a result  former EDF shareholders will not be entitled to participate in the 2023 Annual General Meeting2.In the context of the energy transition  this operation confirms EDF's key role in the production of carbon-free electricity and in supporting its customers towards greater energy efficiency.Important informationThis press release was prepared for information purposes only. It does not constitute an offer to the public and may not be deemed to constitute any form of soliciting for the purpose of buying or selling financial securities. The circulation of this press release  the Offer  and the acceptance of the Offer may be subject to a specific regulation or restrictions in some countries. The Offer is not directed at persons subject to such restrictions  either directly or indirectly  and it may not be accepted by anyone located in a jurisdiction where the Offer is subject to such restrictions. Consequently  persons in possession of this press release must familiarize themselves and comply with any restrictions that may apply to them.EDF may not be held liable for the violation  by any person or entity  of any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions.This press release is certified. Check its authenticity on medias.edf.comAbout EDFAs a major player in energy transition  the EDF Group is an integrated energy company active in all businesses: generation  transmission  distribution  energy trading  energy sales and energy services. EDF group is a world leader in low-carbon energy  having developed a diverse production mix based mainly on nuclear and renewable energy (including hydropower). It is also investing in new technologies to support energy transition. EDF’s raison d’être is to build a net zero energy future with electricity and innovative solutions and services  to help save the planet and drive well-being and economic development. The Group is involved in supplying energy and services to approximately 40.3 million customers (1)  of whom 30.3 million in France (2).(1) Customers are counted per delivery site. A customer can have two delivery points: one for electricity and another one for gas.(2) Including ÉS (Électricité de Strasbourg) and SEI.1 See press release dated 23 May 2023.2 See the convening notice published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires dated 10 May 2023. Shareholders convened to the 2023 Annual General Meeting will be informed by e-mail notably sent by Uptevia or via the EDF website.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.19,0.4,True,English,"['equity securities', 'Implementation', 'squeeze', 'procedure', 'respect', 'EDF', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'net zero energy future', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'simplified public tender offer', '2023 Annual General Meeting2.', 'two delivery points', 'greater energy efficiency', 'integrated energy company', 'Marchés Financiers', 'diverse production mix', 'The French State', 'former EDF shareholders', 'financial securities', 'English French', 'The Group', 'delivery site', 'energy transition', 'energy trading', 'energy sales', 'low-carbon energy', 'renewable energy', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext Access', 'share capital', 'voting rights', 'key role', 'Important information', 'press release', 'information purposes', 'specific regulation', 'applicable legal', 'major player', 'world leader', 'new technologies', 'innovative solutions', 'economic development', 'equity securities', 'energy services', 'EDF shares', 'EDF Group', 'EDF website', 'convening notice', 'carbon-free electricity', '40.3 million customers', 'regulatory restrictions', 'EDF OCEANEs', 'Implementation', 'squeeze', 'procedure', 'respect', 'reopening', 'EDF1', 'accordance', '26 May', 'AMF', '8 June', 'transfer', 'delisting', 'result', 'context', 'operation', 'circulation', 'acceptance', 'countries', 'persons', 'jurisdiction', 'possession', 'violation', 'entity', 'authenticity', 'medias', 'businesses', 'generation', 'transmission', 'distribution', 'nuclear', 'hydropower', 'raison', 'planet', 'well', 'being', 'France', 'gas', 'Électricité', 'Strasbourg', 'SEI', 'Bulletin', '10 May', 'mail', 'Uptevia', 'Attachment']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,globenewswire.com
25944,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/08/2684490/0/en/PUBLICIS-GROUPE-LAUNCHES-PX-END-TO-END-CONTENT-PLATFORM-POWERED-BY-ADOBE-S-CONTENT-SUPPLY-CHAIN-SOLUTION.html,PUBLICIS GROUPE LAUNCHES PX END-TO-END CONTENT PLATFORM  POWERED BY ADOBE’S CONTENT SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTION,PUBLICIS GROUPE LAUNCHES PX END-TO-END CONTENT PLATFORM  POWERED BY ADOBE’S CONTENT SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTION          Publicis PX offering connects...,PUBLICIS GROUPE LAUNCHES PX END-TO-END CONTENT PLATFORM  POWERED BY ADOBE’S CONTENT SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONPublicis PX offering connects Publicis’ global audience data  media capabilities  marketing transformation expertise and studio network with Adobe’s Content Supply Chain solutionPARIS  FRANCE  8 June  2023 – Publicis Groupe (Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40) today announced PX – an end to end production offering – dedicated to accelerating omnichannel content production  performance and personalisation. Data-driven  enabling dynamic-delivery and powered by the biggest modular-first studio network  PX is built to service engaging personalisation at scale.With marketers reporting content needs have grown twofold in the past two years and expecting demand to grow by between 5x and 20x over the next two years*  Publicis Groupe identified a common challenge in the market: existing solutions that support content management and delivery are often pieced together from disparate technologies and disconnected from creative  production and media platforms.Powered by Adobe’s Content Supply Chain solution – Adobe Experience Cloud and Creative Cloud including Adobe Workfront and Adobe Experience Manager – with Publicis Groupe’s global audience data  studio capabilities and media expertise  the new offering allows marketers to create  orchestrate  personalise and optimise the content design  delivery and performance across the entire supply chain.Peformance SimplifiedPX connects Publicis’ best-in-class studio and media capabilities with Adobe’s comprehensive Content Supply Chain solution within a seamless interface  providing marketers with a personalised dashboard and direct access to smart briefing  review and approval and modular asset management systems.Content AmplifiedDirectly connected to Publicis Groupe’s network of 50 content studios  expert in modular content strategy  creative and production  PX is a one-stop-shop for marketers to originate  adapt  version and optimise their content. New generative AI capabilities include translation  generative voice-over origination as well as Adobe Sensei GenAi generative AI services  and Adobe Firefly  Adobe’s family of creative generative AI models  which produce commercially viable  professional-quality content. Modular asset management and automated versioning enable dynamic content assembly and publication  bringing to life creative and media personalisation requirements  consistently and cost-effectively.Precision MaximizedThe solution seamlessly connects data with taxonomy integrity and AI-driven tagging across the entire content supply chain from origination to publication and storage. PX tracks asset performance and includes AI-based image recognition that enables smart in-flight optimization.“With data-driven personalisation at scale being critical to all future-facing marketing operations  PX is providing a true end-to-end optimal solution  connecting the dots between creative  production  media planning and activation ecosystems. Building on our ongoing partnership with Adobe  PX will further bring simplicity and efficiency to clients looking to streamline and accelerate how they are engaging with consumers” - Arthur Sadoun  CEO of Publicis Groupe.“Adobe and Publicis have a longstanding partnership aligned on our joint mission to help brands around the world deliver more personalised experiences to customers ” said Adobe CEO Shantanu Narayen. “We look forward to helping unlock the full potential of content and marketing at scale to drive profitable growth for our customers.”Visit: https://publicisproduction.com/px/About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 98 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | Twitter: @PublicisGroupe | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Viva la Difference!Link to the press release hereContacts Publicis Groupe,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['CONTENT SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTION', 'END CONTENT PLATFORM', 'GROUPE LAUNCHES', 'ADOBE', 'Adobe Sensei GenAi generative AI services', 'comprehensive Content Supply Chain solution', 'creative generative AI models', 'New generative AI capabilities', 'entire content supply chain', 'modular asset management systems', 'biggest modular-first studio network', 'Adobe CEO Shantanu Narayen', 'entire supply chain', 'Publicis’ global audience data', 'modular content strategy', 'past two years', 'next two years', 'AI-based image recognition', 'four main activities', 'viable, professional-quality content', 'dynamic content assembly', 'end optimal solution', 'digital business transformation', 'future-facing marketing operations', 'Adobe Experience Manager', 'END CONTENT PLATFORM', 'omnichannel content production', 'Adobe Experience Cloud', 'Contacts Publicis Groupe', 'media personalisation requirements', 'marketing transformation expertise', 'content management', 'Publicis PX offering', 'value chain', 'new offering', 'studio capabilities', 'global leader', 'content needs', 'content design', 'Content Amplified', '50 content studios', 'media capabilities', 'Creative Cloud', 'class studio', 'production offering', 'asset performance', 'true end', 'GROUPE LAUNCHES', 'Adobe Workfront', 'Adobe Firefly', 'The Groupe', 'engaging personalisation', 'common challenge', 'existing solutions', 'disparate technologies', 'creative, production', 'media platforms', 'media expertise', 'Peformance Simplified', 'seamless interface', 'personalised dashboard', 'automated versioning', 'taxonomy integrity', 'AI-driven tagging', 'flight optimization', 'data-driven personalisation', 'media planning', 'activation ecosystems', 'ongoing partnership', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'longstanding partnership', 'joint mission', 'personalised experiences', 'full potential', 'profitable growth', 'The Power', 'privileged partner', 'ten expertise', 'fluid organization', 'press release', 'clients’ transformation', 'Euronext Paris', 'direct access', 'smart briefing', 'FRANCE', '8 June', 'CAC', 'dynamic-delivery', 'scale', 'marketers', 'demand', '5x', 'review', 'approval', 'one-stop-shop', 'translation', 'origination', 'family', 'publication', 'life', 'storage', 'dots', 'simplicity', 'efficiency', 'consumers', 'brands', 'world', 'customers', 'publicisproduction', 'communication', 'step', 'consulting', 'execution', 'personalization', 'Technology', 'unified', '100 countries', '98,000 professionals', 'publicisgroupe', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Difference']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,globenewswire.com
25945,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ANHEUSER-BUSCH-INBEV-SA-N-31571356/news/FIFA-Announces-AB-InBev-as-Official-Beer-Sponsor-of-FIFA-Women-s-World-Cup-2023-trade-and-FIFA-Worl-44071307/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,FIFA Announces AB InBev as Official Beer Sponsor of FIFA Women's World Cup 2023™ and FIFA World Cup 2026™,(marketscreener.com) World’s leading brewer extends global sponsorship of FIFA’s flagship events through 2026AB InBev’s leading portfolio of brands will continue its tradition of celebrating the FIFA World Cup™ and football throughout the worldInves…,AB InBev (Euronext: ABI) (MEXBOL: ANB) (JSE: ANH) (NYSE: BUD)  the world’s leading brewer  has extended its nearly 40-year partnership with FIFA as the official beer sponsor of the FIFA Women’s World Cup 2023™ and the FIFA World Cup 2026™.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230608005239/en/(Graphic: Business Wire)The two tournaments will make history with notable firsts  providing AB InBev and its leading brands with new opportunities to brew excitement for fans all around the world. The FIFA Women’s World Cup™ will make its debut in the southern hemisphere in Australia and Aotearoa New Zealand next month  with 32 teams also taking part in the competition for the first time. The FIFA World Cup 2026™  meanwhile  will be the first to be hosted by three countries  with 48 participating teams and 104 matches in 16 cities across Canada  Mexico and the United States.“FIFA World Cup tournaments are the most popular sporting events in the world. We are deeply connected to the fans and to football all over the world  which is why we’re excited about extending the relationship with FIFA ” said Marcel Marcondes  Chief Marketing Officer  AB InBev. “Cheering and celebrating over a beer is a part of the experience for billions of football fans. We’re proud to continue offering new  meaningful ways to engage with fans and give unrivalled  immersive experiences that connect them to the sport that they love.”“We are proud to renew this successful partnership  which will undoubtedly reach new heights in 2023 and 2026 ” said FIFA Chief Business Officer Romy Gai. “As one of our longest-standing sponsors  AB InBev’s investment will benefit the game  as well as football development all over the world  while bringing creativity and excitement to the experience that football fans will have during our most iconic tournaments.”About AB InBevAB InBev is a publicly traded company (Euronext: ABI) based in Leuven  Belgium  with secondary listings on the Mexico (MEXBOL: ANB) and South Africa (JSE: ANH) stock exchanges and with American Depositary Receipts on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BUD). As a company  we dream big to create a future with more cheers. We are always looking to serve up new ways to meet life’s moments  move our industry forward and make a meaningful impact in the world. We are committed to building great brands that stand the test of time and to brewing the best beers using the finest ingredients. Our diverse portfolio of well over 500 beer brands includes global brands Budweiser®  Corona® and Stella Artois®; multi-country brands Beck’s®  Hoegaarden®  Leffe® and Michelob ULTRA®; and local champions such as Aguila®  Antarctica®  Bud Light®  Brahma®  Cass®  Castle®  Castle Lite®  Cristal®  Harbin®  Jupiler®  Modelo Especial®  Quilmes®  Victoria®  Sedrin®  and Skol®. Our brewing heritage dates back more than 600 years  spanning continents and generations. From our European roots at the Den Hoorn brewery in Leuven  Belgium. To the pioneering spirit of the Anheuser & Co brewery in St. Louis  US. To the creation of the Castle Brewery in South Africa during the Johannesburg gold rush. To Bohemia  the first brewery in Brazil. Geographically diversified with a balanced exposure to developed and developing markets  we leverage the collective strengths of approximately 167 000 colleagues based in nearly 50 countries worldwide. For 2022  AB InBev’s reported revenue was 57.8 billion USD (excluding JVs and associates).View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230608005239/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.83,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['Official Beer Sponsor', 'FIFA World Cup', 'AB InBev', 'Women', 'FIFA Chief Business Officer Romy Gai', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Chief Marketing Officer', 'The FIFA World Cup', 'FIFA World Cup tournaments', 'The FIFA Women', 'popular sporting events', 'unrivalled, immersive experiences', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'Johannesburg gold rush', 'Aotearoa New Zealand', 'Den Hoorn brewery', 'official beer sponsor', 'new, meaningful ways', 'Business Wire', 'new ways', 'stock exchanges', 'World Cup™', 'two tournaments', 'new opportunities', 'new heights', 'iconic tournaments', 'meaningful impact', 'Co brewery', 'first brewery', 'AB InBev', 'leading brewer', '40-year partnership', 'press release', 'full release', 'notable firsts', 'leading brands', 'southern hemisphere', 'United States', 'Marcel Marcondes', 'successful partnership', 'standing sponsors', 'secondary listings', 'South Africa', 'great brands', 'best beers', 'finest ingredients', 'diverse portfolio', '500 beer brands', 'global brands', 'Stella Artois', 'multi-country brands', 'Michelob ULTRA', 'local champions', 'Modelo Especial®', 'brewing heritage', 'European roots', 'pioneering spirit', 'St. Louis', 'balanced exposure', 'developing markets', 'collective strengths', 'source version', 'Castle Brewery', 'football development', 'Castle Lite', 'first time', 'three countries', '48 participating teams', 'Bud Light®', 'football fans', 'Castle®', '32 teams', '50 countries', 'Euronext', 'ABI', 'MEXBOL', 'ANB', 'ANH', 'NYSE', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'Graphic', 'history', 'excitement', 'debut', 'Australia', 'competition', '104 matches', '16 cities', 'Canada', 'Mexico', 'relationship', 'billions', 'longest', 'investment', 'game', 'creativity', 'company', 'Leuven', 'Belgium', 'JSE', 'future', 'cheers', 'life', 'moments', 'industry', 'test', 'Budweiser®', 'Corona®', 'Beck', 'Hoegaarden', 'Leffe', 'Aguila®', 'Antarctica®', 'Brahma', 'Cass®', 'Cristal', 'Harbin', 'Jupiler', 'Quilmes', 'Victoria', 'Sedrin', 'Skol', '600 years', 'continents', 'generations', 'creation', 'Bohemia', 'Brazil', 'developed', '167,000 colleagues', 'revenue', 'JVs', 'associates']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25946,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GAZTRANSPORT-TECHNIGAZ-15821825/news/GTT-GTT-s-2023-combined-shareholders-Annual-General-Meeting-summary-44073841/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,GTT: GTT's 2023 combined shareholders' Annual General Meeting summary,(marketscreener.com) GTT’s 2023 combined shareholders’ Annual General Meeting summary Saint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse – June 8  2023. The combined shareholders’ Annual General Meeting of GTT met yesterday  under the chairmanship of Philippe Berterottière  Chairman a…,GTT’s 2023 combined shareholders’ Annual General Meeting summarySaint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse – June 8  2023. The combined shareholders’ Annual General Meeting (AGM) of GTT (Gaztransport & Technigaz) met yesterday  under the chairmanship of Philippe Berterottière  Chairman and CEO of GTT.All resolutions submitted to the Annual General Meeting (AGM) were approved.The shareholders approved in particular the financial statements for the fiscal year 2022 and the payment of a dividend of 3.10 euros per share  it being specified that an interim dividend amounting to 1.55 euro was paid on December 15  2022.The AGM ratified the co-option of Ms. Carolle Foissaud as Director and approved the nomination of Ms. Frédérique Kalb and Mr. Luc Gillet as Directors. It also approved the renewal of the term of office of Ms. Catherine Ronge and Mr. Pierre Guiollot.The AGM approved the information stipulated in Article L. 22-10-9  I. of the French Commercial Code provided in the report of corporate governance. It also approved the elements of the compensation paid or allocated to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for the year ended  as well as the policy on compensation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and of the members of the Board of Directors for the year 2023.Finally  the AGM approved several financial authorisations given to the Board of Directors.In addition  on June 7  2023  after the General Meeting  the Board of directors met and co-opted Ms. Domitille Doat-Le Bigot as an Independent Director to replace Ms. Sandra Roche-Vu Quang  whose resignation took effect at the end of the Annual General Meeting. This appointment (for the remainder of the term of office  i.e. until the 2025 General Meeting) will be submitted to the shareholders for ratification at the next Annual General Meeting (in 2024).The Board of directors is composed of 9 Directors  of which 4 are women (i.e. 44.5%)  and 7 are independent (i.e. 77.7%):Philippe Berterottière  Chairman of the BoardDomitille Doat-Le Bigot  Independent DirectorCarolle Foissaud  Independent DirectorLuc Gillet  Independent DirectorPierre Guiollot  DirectorFrédérique Kalb  Independent DirectorPascal Macioce  Independent DirectorCatherine Ronge  Independent DirectorAntoine Rostand  Independent DirectorThe Board of Directors is thus in accordance with the recommendations of the AFEP-MEDEF Code at the date of the Annual General Meeting.The results of the vote on each resolution will soon be available on GTT’s website (www.gtt.fr) at Finance / Shareholders’ meeting.Financial agendaPayment of the balance of the dividend for the 2022 financial year: June 14  2023Publication of the 2023 half-year results: July 27  2023 (after close of trading)2023 third-quarter results: October 25  2023 (after close of trading)About GTTGTT is a technological expert in containment systems with cryogenic membranes used to transport and store liquefied gases. For over 50 years  GTT has been designing and providing cutting-edge technologies for a better energy performance  which combine operational efficiency and safety  to equip LNG carriers  floating terminals  land storage  and multi-gas carriers. GTT also develops systems dedicated to the use of LNG as fuel  as well as a full range of services  including digital services in the field of Smart Shipping. The Group is also active in hydrogen through its subsidiary Elogen  which designs and assembles electrolysers notably for the production of green hydrogen.GTT is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment A (ISIN FR0011726835 Euronext Paris: GTT) and is notably included in SBF 120  Stoxx Europe 600 and MSCI Small Cap indicesInvestor relations contact:information-financiere@gtt.fr / +33 1 30 23 20 87Media contact:press@gtt.fr / +33 1 30 23 48 45For more information  visit www.gtt.fr.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"[""2023 combined shareholders' Annual General Meeting summary"", 'GTT', '2023 combined shareholders’ Annual General Meeting summary', 'Ms. Frédérique Kalb', 'MSCI Small Cap indices', 'Ms. Sandra Roche-Vu Quang', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Ms. Domitille Doat-Le Bigot', 'Saint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse', 'Philippe Berterottière', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Ms. Carolle Foissaud', 'Ms. Catherine Ronge', 'French Commercial Code', 'Investor relations contact', 'several financial authorisations', 'Mr. Luc Gillet', 'Mr. Pierre Guiollot', '2025 General Meeting', 'Shareholders’ meeting', 'AFEP-MEDEF Code', 'Media contact', 'financial statements', 'Financial agenda', 'interim dividend', 'Article L.', 'corporate governance', 'Pascal Macioce', 'Antoine Rostand', 'technological expert', 'cryogenic membranes', 'liquefied gases', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'energy performance', 'operational efficiency', 'floating terminals', 'land storage', 'multi-gas carriers', 'full range', 'Smart Shipping', 'The Group', 'subsidiary Elogen', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment A', 'Stoxx Europe', 'Independent Director', '2022 financial year', '2023 half-year results', '2023 third-quarter results', 'fiscal year', 'containment systems', 'LNG carriers', 'digital services', 'green hydrogen', 'The AGM', 'GTT', 'June', 'Gaztransport', 'Technigaz', 'chairmanship', 'CEO', 'resolutions', 'payment', '3.10 euros', '1.55 euro', 'December', 'option', 'nomination', 'Directors', 'renewal', 'information', 'I.', 'report', 'elements', 'compensation', 'policy', 'members', 'Board', 'addition', 'resignation', 'effect', 'appointment', 'remainder', 'ratification', 'women', 'accordance', 'recommendations', 'date', 'vote', 'website', 'balance', 'Publication', 'July', 'close', 'trading', 'October', '50 years', 'safety', 'fuel', 'field', 'electrolysers', 'production', 'SBF', 'financiere', 'Attachment', '1 30']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25947,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/08/2685041/0/en/Worldline-2023-General-meeting-Approval-of-all-resolutions-Press-Release.html,Worldline - 2023 General meeting - Approval of all resolutions - Press Release,Worldline’s 2023 Annual General Meeting    Approval of all resolutions submitted by the Board of directors    Paris La Défense  June 8  2023 -...,English FrenchWorldline’s 2023 Annual General MeetingApproval of all resolutions submitted by the Board of directorsParis La Défense  June 8  2023 - Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services held today its Annual General Meeting chaired by Mr. Bernard Bourigeaud  Chairman of the Board of Directors.The General Shareholders Meeting was held physically and gathered a large quorum of 80 20%. It was broadcast live and is available for replay on the Company's website.All resolutions have been approved. The General Meeting approved  in particular  the Company and consolidated accounts for the financial year ending December 31st  2022.The General Meeting approved the renewal of Director’s term of office of Mrs. Giulia Fitzpatrick  Mr. Bernard Bourigeaud1  Mr. Gilles Grapinet  Mr. Gilles Arditti1  Mr. Aldo Cardoso1 and Mr. Thierry Sommelet1 for a term of three (3) years. All renewed directors assigned to committees retain their membership.At the end of this General Meeting  the Board of Directors of Worldline now comprises 17 Directors  including two Directors representing the employees Mrs. Marie-Christine Lebert  whose term was renewed as representative of the Social and Economic Committee  and Mr. Stephan Van Hellemont  who was newly appointed as representative of European Works Council.With 66% of independent Directors  the composition of the Board is well-balanced and allows an adequate representation of its main shareholders and strategic partners. The Board is composed of 40% by women and of a diversity of profiles that ensures solid and complementary skills.Furthermore  the General Meeting approved the elements of compensation and benefits for 2022 granted to Mr. Bernard Bourigeaud  Chairman of the Board of Directors  to Mr. Gilles Grapinet  Chief Executive Officer  and to Mr. Marc-Henri Desportes  Deputy Chief Executive Officer. The General Meeting also approved the 2023 compensation policies applicable to the corporate officers.The Shareholders approved the renewal of the authorization granted to the Board of Directors with regards to share buybacks  as well as the authorizations and financial delegations regarding the issue of shares and/or securities notably with and without preferential subscription rights of shareholders  as the case may be.The delegations granted to the Board to increase the share capital reserved for employees who are members of a company or group savings plan or employees of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries were also renewed.The shareholders also approved the authorization granted to the Board to allocate performance shares and stock-options of the Company to employees and/or corporate officers of the Company or Group companies.Lastly  the shareholders voted in favour of amending the Company’s Bylaws to raise the age limit of the Chairman of the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors held after the Shareholders' General Meeting unanimously decided to confirm the reappointment of Mr. Bernard Bourigeaud as Chairman of the Board  Mr. Gilles Grapinet as Chief Executive Officer  Mr. Marc-Henri Desportes as Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Georges Pauget as Lead Independent Director.The results of voting on all resolutions submitted to Shareholders are available on the Company’s website: www.investors.worldline.com/en/general-meeting-of-shareholders.ContactsInvestor RelationsLaurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCommunicationSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comFollow usAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey – quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.4 billion euros revenue in 2022. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.1 Independent DirectorAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['2023 General meeting', 'Press Release', 'Worldline', 'Approval', 'resolutions', 'Paris La Défense', 'Mr. Stephan Van Hellemont', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'Investor Relations Laurent Marie', 'Sandrine van der Ghinst', 'Hélène Carlander', 'The General Shareholders Meeting', 'Mr. Bernard Bourigeaud', 'Mr. Gilles Grapinet', 'Mr. Gilles Arditti', 'Mr. Aldo Cardoso1', 'Mr. Thierry Sommelet1', 'Mr. Marc-Henri Desportes', 'Mr. Georges Pauget', 'Mrs. Giulia Fitzpatrick', 'Mrs. Marie-Christine Lebert', 'European Works Council', 'preferential subscription rights', 'advanced payments technology', '4.4 billion euros revenue', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'The General Meeting', 'group savings plan', 'leading digital payment', 'Lead Independent Director', 'one million businesses', '1 Independent Director Attachment', ""Shareholders' General Meeting"", 'sustainable economic growth', 'The Shareholders', 'payment services', 'Economic Committee', 'Group companies', 'English French', 'global leader', 'large quorum', 'financial year', 'three (3) years', 'adequate representation', 'strategic partners', 'complementary skills', 'corporate officers', 'share buybacks', 'share capital', 'foreign subsidiaries', 'age limit', 'growth journey', 'local expertise', 'corporate purpose', 'independent Directors', 'main shareholders', '2023 compensation policies', 'financial delegations', 'performance shares', 'transactional solutions', 'social transformation', 'two Directors', '17 Directors', 'Worldline', 'Approval', 'resolutions', 'Board', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'Chairman', 'replay', 'Company', 'website', 'accounts', 'December', 'renewal', 'term', 'committees', 'membership', 'employees', 'representative', 'composition', 'women', 'diversity', 'profiles', 'solid', 'elements', 'benefits', 'authorization', 'regards', 'issue', 'securities', 'case', 'stock-options', 'favour', 'Bylaws', 'reappointment', 'results', 'investors', 'Contacts', 'Benoit', 'damecourt', 'Communication', 'vanderghinst', 'shapes', 'sizes', 'hundreds', 'markets', 'industries', 'raison', 'trust', 'security', 'societies']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,globenewswire.com
25948,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/08/2685017/0/en/PacificSource-Health-Plans-Elevates-Member-Communications-with-Quadient.html,PacificSource Health Plans Elevates Member Communications with Quadient,PacificSource Health Plans Elevates Member Communications with Quadient  Multistate U.S. health insurer partners with Quadient to enhance the customer......,English FrenchPacificSource Health Plans Elevates Member Communications with QuadientMultistate U.S. health insurer partners with Quadient to enhance the customer experience for its more than 600 000 membersParis  June 8  2023Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces that PacificSource Health Plans has implemented Quadient Inspire to reduce manual processes and IT resources required for developing and maintaining renewals  member plan materials and related communications. With Quadient Inspire  PacificSource plans to reduce costs and increase efficiency through automation  increasing the speed of creating and managing thousands of blocks and templates of content  and enhancing member communications.Founded in 1933  PacificSource is an independent  not-for-profit community health plan serving over 600 000 individuals in Idaho  Oregon  Montana and Washington states in the U.S. The organization provides individual  small and large group health plans. PacificSource selected Quadient’s industry-leading Customer Communications Management (CCM) software solution Quadient Inspire to replace its legacy system and increase automation  reduce manual processes and consolidate and enhance integration and controls over data files and their security.“Our mission is to be the lifelong  trusted partner of our members  helping to improve their health and well-being  their overall health care experience and providing access to affordable care. Our plan materials and member letters are a critical part of this experience ” said Martin Martinez  vice president  IT - Enterprise Systems  PacificSource. “We see Quadient as being a long-term partner in helping us achieve our objectves directly tied to customer experience  membership growth  digital strategy  scalability and regulatory compliance.”Part of Quadient’s Intelligent Communication Automation platform  Quadient Inspire is a fully integrated enterprise CCM solution that enables organizations to create and deliver personalized  compliant customer communications across all channels  from one centralized platform. Since implementing the solution  PacificSource has reduced plan content blocks by 60%  from nearly 20 000 blocks of content to less than 8 000  reducing IT time spent on research and troubleshooting as well as reducing time spent on maintaining up-to-date content. Scalability and sustainability are at the forefront of the PacificSource customer communication design process. As it moves forward optimizing internal workflow processes and controls in this space according to best practice  there is an opportunity to transition content changes to the respective business owners and reallocate IT resources to high-priority technical work within the organization.“We are thankful for PacificSource putting its trust in Quadient to implement a scalable and cutting-edge method for member communication orchestration ” said Chris Hartigan  chief solution officer  Intelligent Communication Automation  Quadient. “Over 12 000 customers  including some of the world’s leading healthcare  banking  utilities and insurance companies rely on Quadient’s software platform to enhance their business communications. PacificSource is transforming its member communication processes  and we look forward for them to leverage our advanced technology to continue elevating their end-to-end membership experience.”About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing. For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1-866-883-4260 Ext. 1590 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.25,0.25,True,English,"['PacificSource Health Plans', 'Member Communications', 'Quadient', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'Multistate U.S. health insurer partners', 'PacificSource customer communication design process', 'three key solution areas', 'large group health plans', 'industry-leading Customer Communications Management', 'integrated enterprise CCM solution', 'personalized, compliant customer communications', 'overall health care experience', 'Intelligent Communication Automation platform', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'meaningful customer connections', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'community health plan', 'CCM) software solution', 'one centralized platform', 'high-priority technical work', 'member communication orchestration', 'chief solution officer', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'customer experience excellence', 'PacificSource Health Plans', 'lifelong, trusted partner', 'internal workflow processes', 'respective business owners', 'member communication processes', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'Contacts Joe Scolaro', 'member plan materials', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'end membership experience', 'plan content blocks', 'software platform', 'affordable care', 'Enterprise Systems', 'Member Communications', 'business communications', 'manual processes', 'member letters', 'long-term partner', 'membership growth', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'related communications', 'English French', 'Washington states', 'legacy system', 'data files', 'Martin Martinez', 'vice president', 'regulatory compliance', 'best practice', 'cutting-edge method', 'Chris Hartigan', 'insurance companies', 'advanced technology', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'date content', 'content changes', 'IT resources', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'individual, small', 'digital strategy', 'critical part', 'Quadient Inspire', 'Quadient shares', 'IT time', '20,000 blocks', 'Quadient®', '600,000 members', 'June', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'renewals', 'costs', 'efficiency', 'speed', 'thousands', 'templates', 'profit', '600,000 individuals', 'Idaho', 'Oregon', 'Montana', 'organization', 'integration', 'controls', 'security', 'mission', 'well-being', 'access', 'objectves', 'scalability', 'less', 'research', 'troubleshooting', 'sustainability', 'forefront', 'space', 'opportunity', 'scalable', '12,000 customers', 'world', 'utilities', 'people', 'hundreds', 'quest', 'information', 'Media', 'Attachment']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,globenewswire.com
25949,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/PacificSource-Health-Plans-Elevates-Member-Communications-with-Quadient-44073774/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,PacificSource Health Plans Elevates Member Communications with Quadient,(marketscreener.com) PacificSource Health Plans Elevates Member Communications with Quadient Multistate U.S. health insurer partners with Quadient to enhance the customer experience for its more than 600 000 members Paris  June 8  2023 Quadient   a leader in …,PacificSource Health Plans Elevates Member Communications with QuadientMultistate U.S. health insurer partners with Quadient to enhance the customer experience for its more than 600 000 membersParis  June 8  2023Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces that PacificSource Health Plans has implemented Quadient Inspire to reduce manual processes and IT resources required for developing and maintaining renewals  member plan materials and related communications. With Quadient Inspire  PacificSource plans to reduce costs and increase efficiency through automation  increasing the speed of creating and managing thousands of blocks and templates of content  and enhancing member communications.Founded in 1933  PacificSource is an independent  not-for-profit community health plan serving over 600 000 individuals in Idaho  Oregon  Montana and Washington states in the U.S. The organization provides individual  small and large group health plans. PacificSource selected Quadient’s industry-leading Customer Communications Management (CCM) software solution Quadient Inspire to replace its legacy system and increase automation  reduce manual processes and consolidate and enhance integration and controls over data files and their security.“Our mission is to be the lifelong  trusted partner of our members  helping to improve their health and well-being  their overall health care experience and providing access to affordable care. Our plan materials and member letters are a critical part of this experience ” said Martin Martinez  vice president  IT - Enterprise Systems  PacificSource. “We see Quadient as being a long-term partner in helping us achieve our objectves directly tied to customer experience  membership growth  digital strategy  scalability and regulatory compliance.”Part of Quadient’s Intelligent Communication Automation platform  Quadient Inspire is a fully integrated enterprise CCM solution that enables organizations to create and deliver personalized  compliant customer communications across all channels  from one centralized platform. Since implementing the solution  PacificSource has reduced plan content blocks by 60%  from nearly 20 000 blocks of content to less than 8 000  reducing IT time spent on research and troubleshooting as well as reducing time spent on maintaining up-to-date content. Scalability and sustainability are at the forefront of the PacificSource customer communication design process. As it moves forward optimizing internal workflow processes and controls in this space according to best practice  there is an opportunity to transition content changes to the respective business owners and reallocate IT resources to high-priority technical work within the organization.“We are thankful for PacificSource putting its trust in Quadient to implement a scalable and cutting-edge method for member communication orchestration ” said Chris Hartigan  chief solution officer  Intelligent Communication Automation  Quadient. “Over 12 000 customers  including some of the world’s leading healthcare  banking  utilities and insurance companies rely on Quadient’s software platform to enhance their business communications. PacificSource is transforming its member communication processes  and we look forward for them to leverage our advanced technology to continue elevating their end-to-end membership experience.”About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing. For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1-866-883-4260 Ext. 1590 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.83,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['PacificSource Health Plans', 'Member Communications', 'Quadient', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'Multistate U.S. health insurer partners', 'PacificSource customer communication design process', 'three key solution areas', 'large group health plans', 'industry-leading Customer Communications Management', 'integrated enterprise CCM solution', 'personalized, compliant customer communications', 'overall health care experience', 'Intelligent Communication Automation platform', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'meaningful customer connections', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'community health plan', 'CCM) software solution', 'one centralized platform', 'high-priority technical work', 'member communication orchestration', 'chief solution officer', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'customer experience excellence', 'PacificSource Health Plans', 'lifelong, trusted partner', 'internal workflow processes', 'respective business owners', 'member communication processes', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'member plan materials', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'end membership experience', 'plan content blocks', 'software platform', 'affordable care', 'Enterprise Systems', 'Member Communications', 'business communications', 'manual processes', 'member letters', 'long-term partner', 'membership growth', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'related communications', 'Washington states', 'individual, small', 'legacy system', 'data files', 'Martin Martinez', 'vice president', 'regulatory compliance', 'best practice', 'cutting-edge method', 'Chris Hartigan', 'insurance companies', 'advanced technology', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'date content', 'content changes', 'IT resources', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'digital strategy', 'Joe Scolaro', 'critical part', 'Quadient Inspire', 'Quadient shares', 'IT time', '20,000 blocks', 'Quadient®', '600,000 members', 'June', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'renewals', 'costs', 'efficiency', 'speed', 'thousands', 'templates', 'profit', '600,000 individuals', 'Idaho', 'Oregon', 'Montana', 'organization', 'integration', 'controls', 'security', 'mission', 'well-being', 'access', 'objectves', 'scalability', 'less', 'research', 'troubleshooting', 'sustainability', 'forefront', 'space', 'opportunity', 'scalable', '12,000 customers', 'world', 'utilities', 'people', 'hundreds', 'quest', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Ext.', 'Attachment']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25950,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GREENYARD-NV-5943/news/Greenyard-hosts-live-Full-Year-Results-22-23-Webcast-on-14-June-2023-44068222/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Greenyard : hosts live Full Year Results 22-23 Webcast on 14 June 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Greenyard hosts live 'Full Year Results 22/23 Webcast' on 14 June 2023   Sint-Katelijne-Waver  Belgium  8 June 2023   Greenyard publishes its Full Year results for the financial year 2022-2023 on Wednesday 14 June 2023 at 7:45am…,Greenyard hosts live 'Full Year Results 22/23 Webcast' on 14 June 2023Sint-Katelijne-Waver  Belgium  8 June 2023Greenyard publishes its Full Year results for the financial year 2022-2023 on Wednesday 14 June 2023 at 7:45am (CET). The company's senior management will host a live webcast  where the Full Year results will be presented.This live webcast  on Wednesday 14 June  starts at 2:00pm (CET) sharp. Those interested can access the live webcast via the following link:https://event.webcasts.com/starthere.jsp?ei=1612510&tp_key=cd8dba96c0Through this link  you can also already register for the webcast  and download the invitation directly into your calendar.*** Greenyard Contact Cedric Pauwels Dennis Duinslaeger Group Communications & Public Affairs Director Strategy & Investor Relations Director T + 32 15 32 42 00 T +32 15 32 42 49 cedric.pauwels@greenyard.group dennis.duinslaeger@greenyard.groupAbout GreenyardGreenyard (Euronext Brussels: GREEN) is a global market leader in fresh  frozen and prepared fruit and vegetables  flowers and plants. Counting Europe's leading retailers amongst its customer base  Greenyard offers efficient and sustainable solutions to customers and suppliers through best-in-class products  market leading innovation  operational excellence and outstanding service.Its vision is to make lives healthier by helping people enjoy fruit and vegetables at any moment  easy  fast and pleasurable  while fostering nature. With around 8 500 employees operating in 19 countries worldwide  Greenyard identifies its people  and customer and supplier relationships  as the key assets which enable it to deliver goods and services worth around € 4 4 billion per annum.www.greenyard.groupNON-REGULATED INFORMATION,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.06,0.44,True,English,"['Full Year Results', 'Greenyard', 'Webcast', '14 June', ""live 'Full Year Results 22/23 Webcast"", 'Public Affairs Director Strategy', 'Dennis Duinslaeger Group Communications', 'Investor Relations Director', 'global market leader', 'market leading innovation', 'live webcast', 'financial year', 'leading retailers', 'senior management', 'Euronext Brussels', 'fresh, frozen', 'sustainable solutions', 'class products', 'operational excellence', 'outstanding service', 'supplier relationships', 'key assets', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Wednesday 14 June', 'following link', 'Cedric Pauwels', 'prepared fruit', 'customer base', 'Greenyard Contact', '8 June', 'Sint-Katelijne-Waver', 'Belgium', '7:45am', 'company', '2:00pm', 'invitation', 'calendar', 'vegetables', 'flowers', 'plants', 'Europe', 'efficient', 'customers', 'suppliers', 'vision', 'lives', 'people', 'moment', 'nature', '8 500 employees', '19 countries', 'goods', 'services']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25951,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TERACT-141268668/news/Teract-Press-release-on-discussions-with-Casino-Group-44074394/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Teract : Press release on discussions with Casino Group,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Paris  8 June 2023   Press release on discussions with Casino Group   On 9 March 2023  TERACT and the Casino Group initiated a period of exclusive discussions aimed at creating a French leader in responsible a…,PRESS RELEASEParis  8 June 2023Press release on discussions with Casino GroupOn 9 March 2023  TERACT and the Casino Group initiated a period of exclusive discussions aimed at creating a French leader in responsible and sustainable retail activities  potentially leading to the combination of their retail activities in France and the establishment of common supply chains with the agricultural cooperatives of the InVivo group  TERACT's majority shareholder.At the end of this exclusivity period  which was renewed on 24 April and runs until 8 June 2023  TERACT and the Casino Group have decided  by mutual agreement and in view of the changing situation  not to pursue these discussions.TERACT reaffirms  however  that it remains open to renewed joint reflection on an industrial and commercial partnership that takes into account the Casino Group's new environment. The market will be kept informed of any significant developments in this direction.About TERACTSince 29 July 2022  TERACT has combined the distribution activities of the InVivo Group (formerly InVivo Retail) and those of the former SPAC 2MX Organic.TERACT is a major responsible distribution player in the garden centre  pet retail and food distribution growth markets. Our ambition is to create a unique network of brands combining tradition and modernity  agricultural know-how and innovation  in-store and digital experiences. TERACT addresses the demand for a new generation of consumption which is synonymous with quality  sustainability and traceability. TERACT includes the Garden Centre/Pet Retail brands Jardiland  Gamm vert  Delbard  Jardineries du Terroir and Noa as well as the Food Retail brands Boulangerie Louise  Grand Marché La Marnière  Frais d'Ici and Bio&Co. TERACT's majority shareholder is InVivo  one of the leading agricultural and agri-food groups in Europe.TERACT is listed on the professional segment of Euronext Paris (ticker: TRACT  ISIN: FR001400BMH7). Further information is available at www.teract.com.CONTACTS:Investors: investors@teract.comMedia: media@teract.com1 / 1,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Press release', 'Casino Group', 'Teract', 'discussions', 'Grand Marché La Marnière', 'Food Retail brands Boulangerie Louise', 'former SPAC 2MX Organic', 'food distribution growth markets', 'major responsible distribution player', 'Garden Centre/Pet Retail brands', 'common supply chains', 'Jardineries du Terroir', 'sustainable retail activities', 'distribution activities', 'InVivo Retail', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Casino Group', 'French leader', 'agricultural cooperatives', 'majority shareholder', 'mutual agreement', 'changing situation', 'joint reflection', 'commercial partnership', 'new environment', 'significant developments', 'unique network', 'agricultural know-how', 'digital experiences', 'new generation', 'Gamm vert', 'Bio&Co.', 'leading agricultural', 'agri-food groups', 'professional segment', 'Further information', 'InVivo group', 'exclusivity period', 'Euronext Paris', 'exclusive discussions', '9 March', '8 June', 'TERACT', 'combination', 'France', 'establishment', 'end', '24 April', 'view', 'industrial', 'account', 'direction', '29 July', 'ambition', 'tradition', 'modernity', 'innovation', 'store', 'demand', 'consumption', 'quality', 'sustainability', 'traceability', 'Jardiland', 'Delbard', 'Noa', 'Frais', 'Ici', 'Europe', 'TRACT', 'ISIN', 'CONTACTS', 'Investors', 'Media']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25952,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4116795.html,Accor partners with start-up Alltheway,To continue to better address travelers’ needs and shape the hospitality of the future  Accor is supporting the solution launched by Alltheway which seeks to make travel easier for people by transporting their baggage between city centers and airports.,To continue to better address travelers’ needs and shape the hospitality of the future  Accor is supporting the solution launched by Alltheway which seeks to make travel easier for people by transporting their baggage between city centers and airports.Through this technological innovation  Accor aims to help enhance the range of services it offers customers along with intermodal travel options.Accor  a global leader in hospitality  is joining forces with start-up Alltheway  whose solution will allow travelers to directly check in their baggage with Group hotels. Once the baggage is checked in  it will be collected from the hotel and transferred to the destination airport. This service will allow travelers to move freely and make the most of their journey unencumbered.Alltheway offers a solution that is groundbreaking on the market – accessible kiosks in eight Paris hubs and at Charles de Gaulle airport to check in baggage.Launching on June 5 between Paris Charles de Gaulle airport and four Parisian Accor hotels (Novotel Paris Centre Tour Eiffel  Pullman Paris Montparnasse  Novotel Paris Est et Pullman Paris Centre Bercy) and in the four ViParis event hubs (Parc des Expositions Villepinte  le Bourget  Paris Expo Porte de Versailles and Palais des Congrès). As well as a unique security system approved by the DGAC (France’s civil aviation authority)  travelers will be able to track the progress of their bags throughout their journey using their Alltheway app.According to Damien Perrot  Global Chief Design  Technical Services & Innovation Officer for Premium  Midscale & Economy Brands  Accor  “We are very pleased to successfully implement this new service with Alltheway. It is based on trials conducted in recent months by Accor  Alltheway and various partners. The Group wants to continue working with innovative companies in order to offer its customers a genuine hospitality ecosystem”.Alltheway was created in 2022 by Emilie Gazeau  Julien de Colfmacker and Anouar Zbaida  who commented  “We developed Alltheway based on a simple belief – baggage is a constraint and a source of stress for travelers. Removing this restriction allows us to rethink mobility – favoring more sustainable modes of transport  improving intermodality and therefore helping to reduce carbon emissions. And to achieve this  we needed to create an ad hoc data platform”.The start-up has raised a total of €1 million in Seed funding. The round was done by existing investor Accor Group and by Deniz Karaoba  a Business Angel with extensive experience in Airport Operations.With Alltheway  Accor will be able to offer the service during major upcoming events: the Rugby World Cup in September 2023 and the Paris Olympics in August 2024.The Group will support Alltheway with its goal of launching the service internationally in late 2024.About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 400 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry’s most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.About AllthewayThe service enables travelers to drop off and check in their luggage at event and hotel hubs  or at their home or office  and have them delivered direct to their final destination. Alltheway will roll out its solution in Paris in 2023 and internationally in 2024 with its simple and intuitive application.Founded in 2022 by Emilie Gazeau  Julien de Colfmacker and Anouar Zbaida  Alltheway is headquartered in France and is a technology start-up that aims to revolutionize the traveler experience.,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.0,positive,0.92,0.07,0.01,True,English,"['Accor partners', 'start-up', 'Alltheway', 'Novotel Paris Centre Tour Eiffel', 'Paris Charles de Gaulle airport', 'Parc des Expositions Villepinte', 'Palais des Congrès', 'ad hoc data platform', 'Pullman Paris Centre Bercy', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'four ViParis event hubs', 'four Parisian Accor hotels', 'world leading hospitality group', 'existing investor Accor Group', 'Novotel Paris Est', 'Pullman Paris Montparnasse', 'Julien de Colfmacker', 'Rugby World Cup', 'eight Paris hubs', 'Paris Expo Porte', 'unique security system', 'civil aviation authority', 'major upcoming events', 'Global Chief Design', 'genuine hospitality ecosystem', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'intermodal travel options', 'Group hotels', 'Paris Olympics', 'destination airport', 'Airport Operations', 'hotel hubs', 'global leader', 'The Group', 'city centers', 'technological innovation', 'accessible kiosks', 'Damien Perrot', 'Innovation Officer', 'recent months', 'various partners', 'innovative companies', 'Emilie Gazeau', 'Anouar Zbaida', 'sustainable modes', 'carbon emissions', 'Seed funding', 'Deniz Karaoba', 'Business Angel', 'extensive experience', 'beverage venues', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'sustainable development', 'community outreach', 'ISIN code', 'United States', 'final destination', 'intuitive application', 'traveler experience', '40 hotel brands', 'Accor SA', 'Technical Services', 'Economy Brands', 'simple belief', 'OTC Market', 'technology start-up', 'new service', 'travelers’ needs', 'Alltheway app', 'future', 'solution', 'people', 'baggage', 'airports', 'range', 'customers', 'forces', 'journey', 'June', 'Bourget', 'Versailles', 'DGAC', 'France', 'progress', 'bags', 'Premium', 'Midscale', 'trials', 'order', 'constraint', 'source', 'stress', 'restriction', 'mobility', 'transport', 'intermodality', 'total', 'round', 'September', 'August', 'goal', 'late', 'experiences', '110 countries', '5,400 properties', '10,000 food', 'industry', 'luxury', 'Lifestyle', 'Ennismore', 'terms', 'integrity', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'TikTok', 'luggage', 'home']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,hospitalitynet.org
25953,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ABIVAX-22387984/news/Abivax-stock-included-in-MSCI-Indexes-44073872/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Abivax stock included in MSCI Indexes,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word: MiscellaneousAbivax stock included in MSCI Indexes 08.06.2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Abivax stock included in MSCI Inde…,EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word(s): MiscellaneousAbivax stock included in MSCI Indexes08.06.2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Abivax stock included in MSCI IndexesAs of June 1st  the Abivax stock is represented in the MSCI IndexesThe MSCI Indexes reflect the evolution of the world’s equity markets to support investors building effective portfolios based on risk and return assessmentsPARIS  France  June 8  2023 – 6:00 p.m. (CEST) – Abivax (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 – ABVX)  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  announces today that as of June 1st  2023  its stock is represented in the MSCI Indexes.MSCI provides decision support tools and services for the global investment community  reflecting the evolution of the world’s equity markets and segments. The MSCI Indexes are composed of large  mid and small cap stocks and are predominately used as a benchmark or as a performance reference by actively managed mutual funds or mapped by exchange-traded funds (ETF).Didier Blondel  CFO of Abivax  said: “The inclusion of the Abivax stock in the MSCI Indexes illustrates the recognition and solidity of our Company  based on liquidity and market capitalization evaluation. It further gives us the opportunity to raise our profile and continue to establish trust with the international investment community.”*****About Abivax (www.abivax.com)Abivax is a Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company  focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Abivax  founded by Truffle Capital  is listed on Euronext compartment B (ISIN: FR0012333284 – Mnémo: ABVX). Based in Paris and Montpellier  Abivax’s lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. More information on the Company is available at www.abivax.com. Follow us on Twitter @ABIVAX_.ContactsAbivaxCommunicationsRegina Jehleregina.jehle@abivax.com+33 6 24 50 69 63InvestorsLifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reidlvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com+44 7413 825310Press Relations & Investors EuropeMC Services AGAnne Henneckeanne.hennecke@mc-services.eu+49 211 529 252 22Public Relations FranceActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 6 21 10 49 24 Public Relations FrancePrimaticeThomas Roborel de Climensthomasdeclimens@primatice.com+33 6 78 12 97 95 Public Relations USARooney Partners LLCJeanene Timberlakejtimberlake@rooneypartners.com+1 646 770 8858DISCLAIMERThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates (including patient recruitment) with respect to certain of the Company's programs. Although Abivax’ management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks  contingencies and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Abivax  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. A description of these risks  contingencies and uncertainties can be found in the documents filed by the Company with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers pursuant to its legal obligations including its registration document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel). These risks  contingencies and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. Special consideration should be given to the potential hurdles of clinical and pharmaceutical development including further assessment by the company and regulatory agencies and IRBs/ethics committees following the assessment of preclinical  pharmacokinetic  carcinogenicity  toxicity  CMC and clinical data. Furthermore  these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates are only as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Abivax disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements  forecasts or estimates to reflect any subsequent changes that the Company becomes aware of  except as required by law. Information about pharmaceutical products (including products currently in development) which is included in this press release is not intended to constitute an advertisement. This press release is for information purposes only  and the information contained herein does not constitute either an offer to sell  or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe securities of the Company in any jurisdiction  in particular in France. Similarly  it does not give and should not be treated as giving investment advice. It has no connection with the investment objectives  financial situation or specific needs of any recipient. It should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for exercise of their own judgement. All opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.02,0.21,0.77,True,English,"['Abivax stock', 'MSCI Indexes', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Investors Europe MC Services AG', 'Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company', 'Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Public Relations France Primatice', 'Phase 3 clinical trials', 'Public Relations USA', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'decision support tools', 'global investment community', 'small cap stocks', 'market capitalization evaluation', 'international investment community', 'Thomas Roborel de', 'Rooney Partners LLC', 'preclinical, pharmacokinetic, carcinogenicity', 'Euronext compartment B', 'future clinical data', 'lead drug candidate', 'The MSCI Indexes', 'Press Relations', 'Key word', 'equity markets', 'effective portfolios', 'return assessments', 'immune system', 'large, mid', 'performance reference', 'mutual funds', 'exchange-traded funds', 'Didier Blondel', 'Truffle Capital', 'Mnémo', 'ulcerative colitis', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Ligia Vela-Reid', 'Ghislaine Gasparetto', 'Jeanene Timberlake', 'press release', 'patient recruitment', 'actual results', 'legal obligations', 'Enregistrement Universel', 'other things', 'regulatory authorities', 'other matters', 'commercial potential', 'product candidates', 'Special consideration', 'potential hurdles', 'regulatory agencies', 'IRBs/ethics committees', 'undue reliance', 'subsequent changes', 'Euronext Paris', 'looking statements', 'More information', 'forward-looking information', 'information purposes', 'Regina Jehle', 'Anne Hennecke', 'registration document', 'pharmaceutical products', 'Abivax Communications', 'Abivax’ management', 'various risks', 'pharmaceutical development', 'Abivax stock', 'EQS-News', 'Miscellaneous', '18:00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'June', 'evolution', 'world', 'ABVX', 'therapeutics', 'patients', 'segments', 'benchmark', 'ETF', 'CFO', 'inclusion', 'recognition', 'solidity', 'liquidity', 'opportunity', 'profile', 'trust', 'Montpellier', 'obefazimod', 'treatment', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'lifesciadvisors', 'Actifin', 'ggasparetto', 'Climens', 'rooneypartners', 'DISCLAIMER', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'respect', 'programs', 'expectations', 'contingencies', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'developments', 'description', 'documents', 'research', 'analysis', 'decisions', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'labelling', 'availability', 'toxicity', 'CMC', 'Readers', 'law', 'advertisement', 'offer', '6:00']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25954,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ABIVAX-22387984/news/Abivax-appoints-Ida-Hatoum-as-Chief-People-Officer-44073194/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Abivax appoints Ida Hatoum as Chief People Officer,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word: PersonnelAbivax appoints Ida Hatoum as Chief People Officer 08.06.2023 / 16:20 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Abivax appoints Ida Hatou…,EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word(s): PersonnelAbivax appoints Ida Hatoum as Chief People Officer08.06.2023 / 16:20 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Abivax appoints Ida Hatoum as Chief People OfficerAs Chief People Officer of Abivax  Ida Hatoum will be leading the organizational strategy to build and strengthen the Abivax team in the United States and Europe across all functionsIda has a proven track record in talent acquisition and development in the biopharmaceutical industryPARIS  France  June 6  2023 – 6:00 p.m. (CEST) – Abivax SA (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 – ABVX)  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  today announces the appointment of Ida Hatoum as Chief People Officer. Ida will be responsible for Abivax’s growth strategy in the United States and Europe  ensuring the appropriate staffing of the Company to successfully conduct the ongoing Phase 3 clinical program of obefazimod in ulcerative colitis as well as its subsequent commercialization and market access  provided the drug candidate obtains the required regulatory approvals. Ida will be based at Abivax’s subsidiary on the US East Coast.Ida Hatoum brings over 15 years of experience and a strong track record in talent acquisition and development and has occupied different People Operations leadership positions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry. Prior to joining Abivax  Ida was Senior Vice President and Head of People Talent and Culture at CinCor Pharma  where she successfully managed and lead the recruitment strategy and organizational design of the company during a period of strong growth. Ida holds a bachelor’s in pharmacy from the University of Toledo  Ohio.Marc de Garidel  CEO of Abivax  said: “I am glad to welcome Ida to the Abivax team as she will be leading our global recruitment strategy. Her vast experience in talent acquisition and development will be vital for us to complement our current team with new competent and dedicated colleagues who share our commitment of bringing novel and potent therapeutic alternatives to patients in need.”Ida Hatoum  new Chief People Officer of Abivax  added: “I am thrilled to join the Abivax team during this exciting period of strong growth and internationalization and to contribute to the success of the Company  establishing a global team and a common company culture. I am convinced that the Abivax story will enable us to further attract highly qualified and motivated new colleagues across the different functions to successfully bring the very promising drug candidate obefazimod to the market and the patients.”*****About Abivax (www.abivax.com)Abivax is a Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company  focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Abivax  founded by Truffle Capital  is listed on Euronext compartment B (ISIN: FR0012333284 – Mnémo: ABVX). Based in Paris and Montpellier  Abivax’s lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. More information on the company is available at www.abivax.com. Follow us on Twitter @ABIVAX_.ContactsAbivaxCommunicationsRegina Jehleregina.jehle@abivax.com+33 6 24 50 69 63InvestorsLifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reidlvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com+44 7413 825310Press Relations & Investors EuropeMC Services AGAnne Henneckeanne.hennecke@mc-services.eu+49 211 529 252 22Public Relations FranceActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 6 21 10 49 24 Public Relations FrancePrimaticeThomas Roborel de Climensthomasdeclimens@primatice.com+33 6 78 12 97 95 Public Relations USARooney Partners LLCJeanene Timberlakejtimberlake@rooneypartners.com+1 646 770 8858DISCLAIMERThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates (including patient recruitment) with respect to certain of the Company's programs. Although Abivax’ management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks  contingencies and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Abivax  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. A description of these risks  contingencies and uncertainties can be found in the documents filed by the Company with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers pursuant to its legal obligations including its registration document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel). These risks  contingencies and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. Special consideration should be given to the potential hurdles of clinical and pharmaceutical development including further assessment by the company and regulatory agencies and IRBs/ethics committees following the assessment of preclinical  pharmacokinetic  carcinogenicity  toxicity  CMC and clinical data. Furthermore  these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates are only as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Abivax disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements  forecasts or estimates to reflect any subsequent changes that the Company becomes aware of  except as required by law. Information about pharmaceutical products (including products currently in development) which is included in this press release is not intended to constitute an advertisement. This press release is for information purposes only  and the information contained herein does not constitute either an offer to sell  or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe securities of the Company in any jurisdiction  in particular in France. Similarly  it does not give and should not be treated as giving investment advice. It has no connection with the investment objectives  financial situation or specific needs of any recipient. It should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for exercise of their own judgement. All opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.1,0.36,True,English,"['Chief People Officer', 'Ida Hatoum', 'Abivax', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'different People Operations leadership positions', 'Investors Europe MC Services AG', 'Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company', 'ongoing Phase 3 clinical program', 'Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'new Chief People Officer', 'promising drug candidate obefazimod', 'Public Relations France Primatice', 'Phase 3 clinical trials', 'future clinical data', 'Public Relations USA', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'US East Coast', 'Senior Vice President', 'Marc de Garidel', 'potent therapeutic alternatives', 'lead drug candidate', 'Rooney Partners LLC', 'Euronext compartment B', 'strong track record', 'global recruitment strategy', 'common company culture', 'biotechnology industry', 'People Talent', 'different functions', 'Press Relations', 'new competent', 'new colleagues', 'global team', 'strong growth', 'patient recruitment', 'organizational strategy', 'growth strategy', 'Key word', 'United States', 'talent acquisition', 'biopharmaceutical industry', 'immune system', 'appropriate staffing', 'ulcerative colitis', 'subsequent commercialization', 'regulatory approvals', 'CinCor Pharma', 'organizational design', 'current team', 'dedicated colleagues', 'Truffle Capital', 'Mnémo', 'More information', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Ligia Vela-Reid', 'Ghislaine Gasparetto', 'Thomas Roborel', 'Jeanene Timberlake', 'press release', 'forward-looking information', 'actual results', 'legal obligations', 'Enregistrement Universel', 'other things', 'regulatory aut', 'Euronext Paris', 'Ida Hatoum', 'market access', 'vast experience', 'exciting period', 'Regina Jehle', 'Anne Hennecke', 'looking statements', 'registration document', 'various risks', 'Abivax team', 'Abivax SA', 'Abivax story', 'Abivax Communications', 'Abivax’ management', 'EQS-News', 'Personnel', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'development', 'June', 'ABVX', 'therapeutics', 'patients', 'appointment', 'subsidiary', '15 years', 'Head', 'bachelor', 'University', 'Toledo', 'Ohio', 'CEO', 'commitment', 'novel', 'need', 'internationalization', 'success', 'qualified', 'Montpellier', 'treatment', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'lifesciadvisors', 'Actifin', 'ggasparetto', 'Climens', 'jtimberlake', 'rooneypartners', 'DISCLAIMER', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'respect', 'programs', 'expectations', 'contingencies', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'description', 'documents', 'research', 'analysis', 'decisions', '6:00']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25955,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/08/2685203/0/en/Voting-Rights-and-Shares-Capital-of-the-Company.html,Voting Rights and Shares Capital of the Company,In accordance with Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers),In accordance with Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers)PARIS  June 08  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Market: Euronext Paris / NasdaqEuronext Compartment: BISIN code: FR0011341205Nasdaq: NBTXBloomberg: NANO:FPReuters: NANO.PAWebsite: www.nanobiotix.comDateNumber of SharesOutstandingTotal number of voting rights Total voting rights  theoretical1Total voting rights exercisable2 May 31  202334 875 872 36 622 309 36 600 191According to the article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code  Nanobiotix will make a new monthly publication of the total number of voting rights and shares comprising Nanobiotix’s capital if those figures differ from the information previously disclosed.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The company is leveraging its proprietary nanoparticle platform  including its lead product candidate  radiotherapy activated NBTXR3  to develop a pipeline of therapeutic options designed to enhance local and systemic control of solid tumors with an initial focus on the treatment of head and neck cancers.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter .ContactsNanobiotixNanobiotix CommunicationsBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comNanobiotix Investor RelationsCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia RelationsFrance – Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0) 6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communication.comLifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com1 The total number of theoretical (or “gross”) voting rights is used as the basis for calculating threshold crossings. In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulations  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including those for which voting rights have been suspended.2 The total number of exercisable at a Shareholders’ Meeting (or “net”) voting rights is calculated without taking into account shares for which voting rights have been suspended as shares held in treasury by the Company. It is released in order to ensure that the public is properly informed  in accordance with the AMF recommendation of July 17  2007.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Voting Rights', 'Shares Capital', 'Company', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'French Commercial Code', 'new monthly publication', 'proprietary nanoparticle platform', 'lead product candidate', 'NANO.PA Website', 'AMF General Regulations', 'gross”) voting rights', 'Total voting rights', 'Nanobiotix Investor Relations', 'therapeutic options', 'ISIN code', 'AMF recommendation', 'Media Relations', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Compartment', 'Total number', 'systemic control', 'solid tumors', 'initial focus', 'neck cancers', 'Brandon Owens', 'Craig West', 'Pierre-Louis Germain', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Ligia Vela-Reid', 'threshold crossings', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Euronext Paris', 'treatment outcomes', 'Ulysse Communication', 'Nanobiotix Communications', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'June', 'Nasdaq', 'NBTX', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Shares', 'Outstanding', 'capital', 'figures', 'information', 'millions', 'patients', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'radiotherapy', 'pipeline', 'local', 'head', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'VP', 'investors', 'France', 'plgermain', 'lifesciadvisors', 'theoretical', 'basis', 'net', 'account', 'treasury', 'order', 'July', 'Attachment']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,globenewswire.com
25956,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNILEVER-PLC-9590186/news/Unilever-View-the-presentation-44073538/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Unilever : View the presentation,(marketscreener.com)    Unilever   at Deutsche   Bank   GRAEME PITKETHLY   CFO   FERNANDO FERNANDEZ PRESIDENT   BEAUTY & WELLBEING     JUN 2023 ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNILEVER-PLC-9590186/news/Unilever-View-th…,This document may contain forward-looking statements  including 'forward-looking statements' within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as 'will'  'aim'  'expects'  'anticipates'  'intends'  'looks'  'believes'  'vision'  or the negative of these terms and other similar expressions of future performance or results  and their negatives  are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include  but are not limited to  statements and information regarding the Unilever Group's (the 'Group') emissions reduction targets and other climate change related matters (including actions  potential impacts and risks associated therewith). These forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and assumptions regarding anticipated developments and other factors affecting the Group. They are not historical facts  nor are they guarantees of future performance or outcomes.Because these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  there are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Among other risks and uncertainties  the material or principal factors which could cause actual results to differ materially are: Unilever's global brands not meeting consumer preferences; Unilever's ability to innovate and remain competitive; Unilever's investment choices in its portfolio management; the effect of climate change on Unilever's business; Unilever's ability to find sustainable solutions to its plastic packaging; significant changes or deterioration in customer relationships; the recruitment and retention of talented employees; disruptions in our supply chain and distribution; increases or volatility in the cost of raw materials and commodities; the production of safe and high quality products; secure and reliable IT infrastructure; execution of acquisitions  divestitures and business transformation projects; economic  social and political risks and natural disasters; financial risks; failure to meet high and ethical standards; and managing regulatory  tax and legal matters. A number of these risks have increased as a result of the Russia/Ukraine war.These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  the Group expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Group's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting the Group are described in the Group's filings with the London Stock Exchange  Euronext Amsterdam and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including in the Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2022 and the Annual Report on Form 20-F 2022.2,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.15,0.67,True,English,"['Unilever', 'presentation', 'United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'other climate change related matters', 'other similar expressions', 'emissions reduction targets', 'reliable IT infrastructure', 'London Stock Exchange', 'high quality products', 'business transformation projects', 'US Securities', 'Unilever Annual Report', 'legal matters', 'other factors', 'other risks', 'Exchange Commission', 'future performance', 'potential impacts', 'anticipated developments', 'historical facts', 'important factors', 'principal factors', 'global brands', 'consumer preferences', 'investment choices', 'portfolio management', 'sustainable solutions', 'plastic packaging', 'significant changes', 'customer relationships', 'talented employees', 'supply chain', 'raw materials', 'economic, social', 'natural disasters', 'ethical standards', 'regulatory, tax', 'Russia/Ukraine war', 'applicable law', 'Further details', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'forward-looking statements', 'actual results', 'political risks', 'financial risks', 'potential risks', 'current expectations', 'Unilever Group', 'document', 'meaning', 'Words', 'expects', 'vision', 'terms', 'negatives', 'information', 'actions', 'assumptions', 'guarantees', 'outcomes', 'uncertainties', 'ability', 'effect', 'deterioration', 'recruitment', 'retention', 'disruptions', 'distribution', 'increases', 'volatility', 'cost', 'commodities', 'production', 'safe', 'secure', 'execution', 'acquisitions', 'divestitures', 'failure', 'number', 'date', 'regulation', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'regard', 'events', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'filings', 'Accounts']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25957,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARNEXT-SA-29750723/news/Pharnext-Sa-Pharnext-supports-and-participates-in-the-First-European-Charcot-Marie-Tooth-disea-44067889/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Pharnext Sa :  Pharnext supports and participates in the First European Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease Specialists Conference,(marketscreener.com)  PARIS  France  June 8th  2023  08:30 am CET – Pharnext SA   an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  today announces its suppor…,"PARIS  France  June 8th  2023  08:30 am CET – Pharnext SA ( FR001400GUN7 - ALPHA) (the “Company”)  an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  today announces its support and participation in the First European Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease (CMT) Specialists Conference taking place in Paris  France  on June 9-10  2023.The European CMT Federation  uniting of the CMT advocacy groups across Europe  took the initiative of organizing “Together against CMT”  the First European Conference to bring together scientists  clinical researchers  and therapists specializing in CMT  as well as representatives of organizations. The goal is to gather experiences and stimulate cooperation on a European scale  to promote the development of effective treatments for this debilitating  inherited  progressive and chronic peripheral neuropathy.The Conference geared towards patients advocacy groups and healthcare professionals involved in CMT management. Pharnext is pleased to support and participate in this meeting and strengthen its ties with patients and the medical community as its lead candidate  PXT3003  is currently in pivotal Phase III clinical development for treatment of the most common subtype 1A (CMT1A).More information on this medical and scientific education event is available on the federation's website: https://ecmtf.org/events/.About PharnextPharnext is an advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapies for neurodegenerative diseases currently without satisfactory therapeutic solutions. Pharnext has a first-in-class drug candidate  PXT3003  in development for Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (CMT1A)  a rare  debilitating  inherited peripheral neuropathy. PXT3003 benefits from orphan drug status in Europe and the United States. In 2018  PXT3003 completed a Phase III clinical trial  the PLEO-CMT trial  with encouraging topline results. This trial was followed by an open-label extension study  the PLEO-CMT-FU trial  with 120 patients continuing treatment with PXT3003. Long-term data suggest a sustained benefit  safety  and efficacy  after 5 years of total trial time. An international pivotal Phase III study of PXT3003  the PREMIER trial  is currently ongoing with 387 CMT1A patients enrolled. PREMIER topline results are expected in Q4 2023. PXT3003 originated from the Pleotherapy™ R&D approach. Pharnext draws the attention of investors to the financial and other risk factors detailed in its financial reports. More information can be found at www.pharnext.com .Pharnext is listed on the Euronext Growth Stock Exchange in Paris (ISIN code: FR001400GUN7).ContactsRelations Presse FinancièreACTUS finance & communicationDéborah Schwartzdschwartz@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 35 Relation InvestisseursACTUS finance & communicationJérôme Fabreguettes Leibpharnext@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 78This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nWqfY5ubl2nFlXJvlZubZmmWbW9olmCZlmaYlmWdY5iYmJ1imW6XacaXZnFhmGZm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/80310-2023.06.08_eu-cmt-conference_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.12,0.5,True,English,"['First European Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease Specialists Conference', 'Pharnext Sa', 'Contacts Relations Presse Financière', 'Jérôme Fabreguettes Leib', 'international pivotal Phase III study', 'advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'pivotal Phase III clinical development', 'Pleotherapy™ R&D approach', 'Euronext Growth Stock Exchange', 'advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'high unmet medical need', 'First European Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease', 'The European CMT Federation', 'Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type', 'open-label extension study', 'Déborah Schwartz', 'First European Conference', 'debilitating, inherited, progressive', 'common subtype 1A', 'scientific education event', 'satisfactory therapeutic solutions', 'original press release', 'other risk factors', 'next press releases', 'CMT advocacy groups', 'total trial time', 'CMT) Specialists Conference', 'chronic peripheral neuropathy', 'class drug candidate', 'patients advocacy groups', 'PREMIER topline results', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'clinical researchers', 'The Conference', 'European scale', 'other releases', 'PREMIER trial', 'lead candidate', 'drug status', 'CMT management', 'medical community', 'PLEO-CMT trial', 'PLEO-CMT-FU trial', 'novel therapeutics', 'neurodegenerative diseases', 'effective treatments', 'healthcare professionals', 'novel therapies', 'United States', 'Long-term data', 'sustained benefit', 'ISIN code', 'Relation Investisseurs', 'More information', 'Regulated information', 'financial reports', 'ACTUS finance', 'PXT3003 benefits', 'Pharnext SA', '387 CMT1A patients', '120 patients', 'PARIS', 'France', 'June', 'ALPHA', 'support', 'participation', 'place', 'initiative', 'scientists', 'therapists', 'representatives', 'organizations', 'goal', 'experiences', 'cooperation', 'meeting', 'ties', 'website', 'events', 'encouraging', 'safety', 'efficacy', '5 years', 'Q4', 'attention', 'investors', 'communication', 'dschwartz', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'cmt-conference', 'email', '08:30']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25958,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUEST-FOR-GROWTH-NV-6000/news/NAV-per-share-on-31-05-2023-7-87-44073725/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,NAV per share on 31/05/2023:  7.87,(marketscreener.com)     PRESS RELEASE   8 June 2023 / 5.40 PM     Regulated information. This press release contains information subject to the transparency requirements imposed on listed companies.   Quest for Growth NV ...https://www.markets…,"NAV per share on 31/05/2023: € 7.87On 31 May 2023  the net asset value of Quest for Growth was € 7.87 per share. The net asset value on 31 December 2022 was € 7.93 per share. On 31 May 2023  the share price closed at € 5.52 per share (31 December 2022: € 6.00 per share).About Quest for GrowthQuest for Growth is a privak/pricaf  a public alternative investment fund (AIF) with fixed capital under Belgian law  managed by Capricorn Partners NV. The diversified portfolio of Quest for Growth is mostly invested in growth companies listed on European stock exchanges  in venture & growth capital and in venture & growth funds. Quest for Growth focuses on innovative companies in areas such as digital  health and clean technologies. We have been listed on Euronext Brussels since 23 September 1998.For more informationMarc Pauwels  Fund administrator tel +32 16 28 41 00 quest@questforgrowth.comThis announcement is not an offer or a solicitation to buy or sell shares in Quest for Growth nor in one of the companies in which Quest for Growth has invested.The shares of Quest for Growth are not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 or under the securities legislation of any state of the United States  and they may not be offered  attributed  sold  resold  delivered  pledged or otherwise transferred  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States or to ""US persons"" except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from registration.Nothing in this announcement is  or should be relied on as  a promise or representation as to the future. If this announcement should include forward-looking statements  any such statement must be considered along with knowledge that actual events and results may vary materially from such predictions due to  among other things  financial  political  economic or legal changes in the markets in which the companies in which Quest for Growth invests do business or the stock markets in which these companies are listed. No representations or warranties are made by any person as to the accuracy of such forward-looking statements  estimates or projections.The readers are explicitly referred to the risk profile of Quest for Growth  included in the prospectus that was published as a result of the public offer for subscription  and to the Key Information Document.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['NAV', 'share', '31/05', 'public alternative investment fund', 'net asset value', 'Capricorn Partners NV', 'European stock exchanges', 'Key Information Document', 'effective registration statement', 'Fund administrator', 'public offer', 'Belgian law', 'diversified portfolio', 'clean technologies', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Marc Pauwels', 'Securities Act', 'securities legislation', 'United States', 'US persons', 'applicable exemption', 'forward-looking statements', 'actual events', 'other things', 'legal changes', 'stock markets', 'risk profile', 'innovative companies', 'growth funds', 'share price', 'growth capital', 'growth companies', 'NAV', '31/05', '31 May', 'Quest', '31 December', 'privak/pricaf', 'AIF', 'venture', 'areas', 'health', '23 September', 'announcement', 'solicitation', 'shares', 'Nothing', 'promise', 'representation', 'future', 'knowledge', 'results', 'predictions', 'economic', 'business', 'warranties', 'accuracy', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'prospectus', 'subscription']",2023-07-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25959,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WALLIX-GROUP-22497377/news/Wallix-Group-WALLIX-launches-EUR-9-million-fundraiser-to-ramp-up-the-external-growth-of-its-Un-44074107/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Wallix Group :  WALLIX launches EUR 9 million fundraiser to ramp up the external growth of its Unicorn 25 plan,(marketscreener.com)  Capital increase of around €4 million comprising a private placement with accelerated bookbuilding and a public offering via the PrimaryBid platform;Issue Price of new shares : 10.50 € per share;Issuance of €5 million in convertible…,"Capital increase of around €4 million comprising a private placement with accelerated bookbuilding and a public offering via the PrimaryBid platform;Issue Price of new shares : 10.50 € per share;Issuance of €5 million in convertible bonds to be fully subscribed by investment funds managed by NextStage AM.This document may not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan.Paris  June 8  2023 - WALLIX (Euronext ALLIX)  a European cybersecurity software developer and expert in privileged access management (PAM)  launches a fundraiser to raise around €9 million to finance the ramp-up of its strategic plan.Reasons behind the fundraiserThe funds raised will help ramp up the implementation of the acquisition limb of the Unicorn 25 plan. Following the recently announced strategic acquisition of Kleverware  WALLIX intends to pursue its acquisition plan by focusing simultaneously on enhancing and expanding its expertise across certain strategic segments of Identity and Access Management (IAM) and industrial cybersecurity  while strengthening its client base.This fundraising is also associated with a bank loan of around €2.5m. The characteristics of this bank loan are currently being finalized.As a reminder  organic growth under the Unicorn 25 plan is being self-funded with existing resources. Investments were largely carried out in 2022  including the enhancement of the offering (launch of WALLIX  PAM4ALL  OT.security  SaaS Remote Access)  consolidation of the Group's positioning in Europe and development in North America.Jean-Noël de Galzain  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the WALLIX GROUP  said: “We started 2023 with an excellent sales momentum as evidenced by first quarter growth of over 30%. With the foundations for future growth already in place  WALLIX can now seize acquisition opportunities and build a bold sovereign offering in access and digital identity cybersecurity in Europe. The fundraising combined with the convertibles bonds and the bank loan will give us an additional €11.5 million financial leverage to finance acquisitions. There is a substantial market to be covered  yet little equipped  especially in the industrial segment  while the NIS2 Directive is expected to spur businesses to step up their investment in cyber equipment over the coming years. We are thrilled to have the support of NextStage AM and our shareholders  and I renew my commitment In this coming phase of our development by subscribing to this operation.”Terms and conditions of fundraisingIn accordance with the decisions of the Board of Directors held on May 30  2023  the fundraising (the ""Operation"") will be carried out through two distinct but concurrent offerings:an offer through the issuance of new shares without preferential subscription rights via private placement  as referred to in Article L. 411-2 (1) of the French Monetary and Financial Code  (in accordance with Resolution 22 of the Combined Shareholders' Meeting of June 15  2022  on the basis of Article L. 225-136 of the French Commercial Code) (“ Private Placement ”);”); a public offering of new shares aimed at individual investors via the PrimaryBid platform  to be allotted in proportion to demand up to the maximum amount allocated to this public offering  with reduced allotments where applicable in the event of excess demand  on the basis of Article L. 225-136 of the French Commercial Code (in accordance with Resolution 21 of the Combined Shareholders' Meeting of June 15  2022) (“PrimaryBid Offer”).Gross proceeds from the capital increase are expected to reach a target of around €4 million. It is specified that the PrimaryBid Offer for individual investors is secondary to the Private Placement and will represent a maximum of 20% of the Transaction amount. In any event  the PrimaryBid Offer will not take place if the Private Placement does not take place.The Private Placement will involve accelerated bookbuilding  following which the number of the new shares to be issued at €10.50 will be established. The subscription price for the new shares will be identical for both Private Placement and PrimaryBid Offer.The price per share of the Private Placement of €10.50 is equal to the volume-weighted average price of the WALLIX share over the last three trading days prior to the setting of the issue price  less a discount of 16%.Prior to the launch of the fundraising  Jean-Noël de GALZAIN  Chief Executive Officer of WALLIX  pledged to underwrite in the context of the Private Placement for an amount of €0.105 million  representing 10 000 shares.The Transaction will begin on Thursday  June 8  2023  immediately after close of trading. The PrimaryBid Offer will close at 10.00 p.m. The Private Placement is set to close before start of trading on Friday 9  2023  subject to any early closing or extensions.The Company will announce the outcome of the Transaction in a press release to be published as soon as possible following the closing of the order book.The definitive number of new shares issued and their corresponding subscription price will be decided by the Chairman of the Board of Directors pursuant to the further delegation of authority granted by the Company's Board of Directors on May 30  2023.The new shares issued will be fungible with existing shares and subject to a request for admission to trading on Euronext Growth Paris on the same listing line (ISIN: FR0010131409 - ALLIX).Settlement/delivery and the admission of the new shares to trading on Euronext Growth are slated for June 13  2023.In accordance with Articles 1.4 and 3.2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  Articles L. 411-2 and L. 411-2-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Article 211-2 of the General Regulation of the French financial markets authority (AMF)  the Transaction will not result in the drafting of a prospectus to be submitted to the AMF for approval.Convertible bond issuanceIn conjunction with its capital increase  WALLIX has signed an agreement with NextStage AM investment firm on a term sheet for the subscription of bonds convertible into shares (“OCA 2023”) for a total amount of €5 million.Since 2002  NextStage AM has supported the development of growth entrepreneurs thanks to its “Capital-Investissement” (private equity) multi-strategy platform  representing at 2021 year-end nearly €7 billion in assets under management directly or indirectly collected from institutional and individual investors.The main characteristics[1] of the OCA 2023 convertible bond issue are as follows:Loan amount €5.0 million Bond maturity 4 tranches from December 31  2026 to December 31  2029 Annual coupon 6% Conversion price €16 Annual non-conversion premium 8% (non-compounded).Risk factorsAttention is drawn to the risk factors relating to the Company and its business  as set out in section 5 of the management report included in the 2022 annual financial report published on the Company's website (https://investors.wallix.com/en/regulatory-information).The occurrence of all or some of these risks could have an adverse impact on the Company's business  financial position  earnings  growth and outlook. The risk factors set out in the said management report are identical to those applicable as of the date of this press release.Furthermore  investors are advised to consider the following risks related to the issue:the market price of the Company's shares may fluctuate and fall below the subscription price of the shares issued as part of the fundraising the volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares may fluctuate significantly disposals of the Company's shares on the market could have an adverse impact on the Company's share price  andin addition to the dilution resulting from the Operation  the Company's shareholders may be exposed to substantial dilution resulting from any future capital increases.Financial intermediaries and advisorsTP ICAP Midcap acts as Global Coordinator  Lead Manager and Bookrunner.Within the framework of the PrimaryBid Offering  investors may only subscribe through PrimaryBid partners listed on the PrimaryBid website (https://primarybid.fr/).Shearman & Associates LLP acts as legal counsel for this Private Placement. ACTUS finance & communication acts as financial communication adviser.ABOUT WALLIXWALLIX is the European specialist in access and digital identity security and the world leader in PAM (Privileged Access Management). Its technologies enable organizations to meet today's challenges in IT network protection and data security. They also provide detection and resilience to cyberattacks and protect organizations' digital assets in addition to maintaining business continuity of IT systems  in the cloud  and in industrial networks. These technologies simplify compliance with regulatory requirements for access to critical IT infrastructure and data. With its PAM4ALL  PAM4OT  and Trustelem solutions  WALLIX helps its customers modernize their information systems and put cybersecurity at the service of their digital transformation. The company relies on a network of certified distributors  resellers  and integrators to support more than 2 000 organizations worldwide in all sectors of the economy. The company is listed on Euronext (ALLIX). The founders and managers  as well as the investment structure T.D.H (Thierry Dassault Holding) are the historical reference shareholders.OT.security by WALLIX is a brand dedicated to the security of digital access and identities in industrial environments.WALLIX affirms its digital responsibility and is committed to contributing to the construction of a trusted European digital space  guaranteeing the security and confidentiality of data for organizations as well as for individuals concerned about the protection of their digital identity and privacy. Digital technology  whether for professional or personal use  must be ethical and responsible in order to pursue a secure societal digital transformation that respects individual freedoms.www.wallix.com | info@wallix.comFINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONACTUS Finance & CommunicationInvestors Relations - Hélène DE WATTEVILLE+33 1 53 67 36 33 / wallix@actus.frPress Relations - Déborah SCHWARTZ+33 6 27 09 05 73 / dschwartz@actus.frDISCLAIMERThis press release and the information it contains do not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe  or the solicitation of an order to buy or subscribe  shares in WALLIX in any country.This press release constitutes a promotional communication and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017 (the ""Prospectus Regulation"").With respect to member states of the European Economic Area (with the exception of France) this communication and the offering to which it relates is only addressed to and directed at persons who are ""Qualified Investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. The shares to which this communication relates are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such shares will be engaged in only with Qualified Investors. This communication should not be acted upon or relied upon in any member state of the EEA (with the exception of France) by persons who are not Qualified Investors. .With respect to France  the offer of shares to the public through the PrimaryBid Offer is exempt from the obligation to produce a prospectus pursuant to article L.411-2-1  1°of the French Code monétaire et financier and article 211-2 of the General Regulation of the AMF. In France this communication and any subsequent communication is directed at both Qualified Investors and to the publicThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell securities or the solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for securities in the United States of America. The shares  or any other securities  of WALLIX may not be offered or sold in the United States of America except pursuant to registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")  or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements  it being specified that the shares of WALLIX have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act. WALLIX does not intend to register the offering in whole or in part in the United States of America or to conduct a public offering in the United States of America.With respect to the United Kingdom  the press release is addressed to and directed only at persons located (x) outside the United Kingdom or (y) in the United Kingdom  who are ""qualified investors"" (as that term is defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) (""UK Qualified Investors""). The shares to which this communication relates are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such shares will be engaged in only with UK Qualified Investors. This communication should not be acted upon or relied upon in the United Kingdom by persons who are not UK Qualified Investors.With respect to the United Kingdom  this document is for distribution only to persons who (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the ""Financial Promotion Order"")  (ii) fall within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) (""high net worth companies  unincorporated associations etc."") of the Financial Promotion Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to take part in investment activities (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or passed on (the persons referred to in paragraphs (y)(i)  (y)(ii) and (y)(iii) together being referred to as "" Authorized Persons""). This press release is intended for Authorized Persons only and must not be acted on or relied on by anyone other than an Authorized Person. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Authorized Persons and will be engaged in only with Authorized Persons.This press release contains information about WALLIX's objectives and forward-looking statements. This information is not historical data and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts and data stated will occur. This information is based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by WALLIX. WALLIX operates in a competitive and fast-changing environment. It is therefore unable to anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors likely to affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialization of a risk or combination of risks could have results materially different from those mentioned in any forward-looking information. This information is given only as of the date of this press release. WALLIX undertakes no obligation to publicly update this information or the assumptions on which it is based  except as may be required by law or regulation.The distribution of this press release may be subject to specific regulations in certain countries. Consequently  persons physically present in these countries and in which the press release is disseminated  published or distributed shall inform themselves about and comply with these laws and regulations.This press release may not be published  communicated  transmitted or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Australia  Canada or Japan.This communication contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014. The person responsible for the release of this information on behalf of Amaury ROSSET  Chief Financial Officer of WALLIX.[1] The detailed characteristics will be set out in the next financial reportThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xZtxksiaZmbKyJudlp6Wbmlnb2iSmJSWmWeemWJwZ5/FcJtll2hjnJSeZnFhmGtt- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  salesÃ¢ÂÂ¦) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/80367-operation-accel_vdef_eng_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.86,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['EUR 9 million fundraiser', 'external growth', 'Unicorn 25 plan', 'Wallix Group', 'European cybersecurity software developer', 'Jean-Noël de Galzain', 'last three trading days', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'excellent sales momentum', '€11.5 million financial leverage', 'preferential subscription rights', 'first quarter growth', ""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'French Commercial Code', 'SaaS Remote Access', 'bold sovereign offering', 'digital identity cybersecurity', 'volume-weighted average price', 'privileged access management', 'The Private Placement', 'The PrimaryBid Offer', 'Financial Code', 'industrial cybersecurity', 'Article L.', 'The Company', 'French Monetary', 'subscription price', 'organic growth', 'future growth', 'PrimaryBid platform', 'Capital increase', 'public offering', 'Issue Price', 'convertible bonds', 'NextStage AM', 'United States', 'Euronext ALLIX', 'strategic plan', 'acquisition limb', 'Unicorn 25 plan', 'strategic acquisition', 'acquisition plan', 'strategic segments', 'client base', 'bank loan', 'existing resources', 'OT.security', 'acquisition opportunities', 'convertibles bonds', 'substantial market', 'industrial segment', 'cyber equipment', 'coming years', 'coming phase', 'two distinct', 'concurrent offerings', 'individual investors', 'excess demand', 'Gross proceeds', 'press release', 'order book', 'new shares', 'North America', 'early closing', 'definitive number', 'maximum amount', 'investment funds', 'Transaction amount', 'WALLIX GROUP', 'WALLIX share', '10 000 shares', 'bookbuilding', 'Issuance', 'document', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'Paris', 'expert', 'PAM', 'fundraiser', 'ramp-up', 'Reasons', 'implementation', 'Kleverware', 'IAM', 'fundraising', 'characteristics', 'reminder', 'Investments', 'enhancement', 'launch', 'consolidation', 'positioning', 'development', 'Chairman', 'foundations', 'acquisitions', 'Directive', 'businesses', 'support', 'commitment', 'operation', 'Terms', 'conditions', 'accordance', 'decisions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'May', 'Resolution', 'June', 'basis', 'proportion', 'allotments', 'event', 'target', 'setting', 'discount', 'context', 'Thursday', 'close', 'start', 'Friday', 'extensions', 'outcome', '10.00']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25960,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOCARTIS-GROUP-NV-22033639/news/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Disclosure-of-transparency-notification-44066169/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Disclosure of transparency notification,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE REGULATED INFORMATION 8 June 2023  7:00 CEST Disclosure of transparency notification Mechelen  Belgium  8 June 2023 – Biocartis Group NV   an innovative molecular diagnostics company   announces today  in accordance with Art…,"PRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION8 June 2023  7:00 CESTDisclosure of transparency notificationMechelen  Belgium  8 June 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  announces today  in accordance with Article 14  paragraph 1 of the Belgian Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major shareholdings in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and laying down miscellaneous provisions (the ""Belgian Transparency Act"")  that on 6 June 2023 it received a transparency notification dated 1 June 2023 indicating that on 25 May 2023 the aggregate number of voting rights and equivalent financial instruments held by Heights Capital Management  Inc. (through CVI Investments  Inc.) decreased below the 3% notification threshold.The notification contains the following information:Reason for the n otification : Acquisition or disposal of voting securities or voting rights. Downward crossing of the lowest threshold.: Acquisition or disposal of voting securities or voting rights. Downward crossing of the lowest threshold. Notification by : A parent undertaking or a controlling person.: A parent undertaking or a controlling person. Person s subject to the notification requirement : Heights Capital Management  Inc  401 E City Ave  Bala Cynwyd  PA 19004 USA; CVI Investments  Inc  THE R&H TRUST CO. LTD  P.O. Box 897  Windward 1  Regatta Office Park  West Bay Road  Grand Cayman  KY1 - 1103  Cayman Islands.: Heights Capital Management  Inc  401 E City Ave  Bala Cynwyd  PA 19004 USA; CVI Investments  Inc  THE R&H TRUST CO. LTD  P.O. Box 897  Windward 1  Regatta Office Park  West Bay Road  Grand Cayman  KY1 - 1103  Cayman Islands. Transaction date : 25 May 2023.: 25 May 2023. Threshold that is crossed : 3%.: 3%. Denominator : 93 469 933.: 93 469 933. Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively being held : The notification sets out that Heights Capital Management  Inc. controls CVI Investments  Inc. Heights Capital Management Inc. is not controlled.: The notification sets out that Heights Capital Management  Inc. controls CVI Investments  Inc. Heights Capital Management Inc. is not controlled. Additional information: CVI Investments  Inc. is the investment management company that exercises the voting rights at its discretion in the absence of specific instructions.For further information  reference is made to the notification which are available here on the Biocartis website.Pursuant to the Belgian Transparency Act and the articles of association of the Company  a notification to the Company and the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (‘FSMA’) is required by all natural and legal persons in each case where the percentage of voting rights in the Company held by such persons reaches  exceeds or falls below the threshold of 3%  5%  10%  and every subsequent multiple of 5%  of the total number of voting rights in the Company.--- END ---More information:Investor Relations Biocartise-mail ir@biocartis.comtel +32 15 632 600@Biocartis_ www.linkedin.com/BiocartisAbout BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Press release', 'transparency notification', 'Disclosure', 'THE R&H TRUST CO. LTD', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'Heights Capital Management Inc.', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'equivalent financial instruments', '401 E City Ave', 'P.O. Box', 'Regatta Office Park', 'West Bay Road', 'fastest growing segment', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'Belgian Financial Services', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'investment management company', 'Belgian Transparency Act', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'accurate molecular information', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Investor Relations Biocartis', 'individual Biocartis product', 'United States Securities', 'The Biocartis', 'Belgian Act', 'molecular testing', 'regulated market', 'Full chain', 'product labeling', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'major shareholdings', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'aggregate number', 'voting rights', 'CVI Investments', 'Downward crossing', 'parent undertaking', 'Bala Cynwyd', 'Grand Cayman', 'Cayman Islands', 'Transaction date', 'controlled undertakings', 'specific instructions', 'Markets Authority', 'total number', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'based system', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'liver cancer', 'other countries', 'Idylla™ trademark', 'intended uses', 'Exchange Commission', 'transparency notification', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'following information', 'Additional information', 'More information', 'voting securities', 'lowest threshold', 'controlling person', 'Biocartis website', 'universal access', 'notification requirement', 'legal persons', '3% notification threshold', 'June', 'CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'accordance', 'Article', 'paragraph', '2 May', 'issuers', 'shares', '25 May', 'Reason', 'Acquisition', 'disposal', 'Windward', 'KY1', 'Denominator', 'discretion', 'absence', 'reference', 'association', 'FSMA', 'natural', 'case', 'percentage', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'result', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'lung', 'COVID', 'Flu', 'RSV', 'sepsis', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'trademarks', 'Europe', 'logo', 'applicable', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'restrictions', 'responsibility', 'violation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'America', 'registration', 'exemption']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25961,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/08/2684402/0/en/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Disclosure-of-transparency-notification.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Disclosure of transparency notification,PRESS RELEASE  REGULATED INFORMATION 8 June 2023  7:00 CEST  Disclosure of transparency notification  Mechelen  Belgium  8 June 2023 – Biocartis Group...,"English DutchPRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION8 June 2023  7:00 CESTDisclosure of transparency notificationMechelen  Belgium  8 June 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  announces today  in accordance with Article 14  paragraph 1 of the Belgian Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major shareholdings in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and laying down miscellaneous provisions (the ""Belgian Transparency Act"")  that on 6 June 2023 it received a transparency notification dated 1 June 2023 indicating that on 25 May 2023 the aggregate number of voting rights and equivalent financial instruments held by Heights Capital Management  Inc. (through CVI Investments  Inc.) decreased below the 3% notification threshold.The notification contains the following information:Reason for the n otification : Acquisition or disposal of voting securities or voting rights. Downward crossing of the lowest threshold.: Acquisition or disposal of voting securities or voting rights. Downward crossing of the lowest threshold. Notification by : A parent undertaking or a controlling person.: A parent undertaking or a controlling person. Person s subject to the notification requirement : Heights Capital Management  Inc  401 E City Ave  Bala Cynwyd  PA 19004 USA; CVI Investments  Inc  THE R&H TRUST CO. LTD  P.O. Box 897  Windward 1  Regatta Office Park  West Bay Road  Grand Cayman  KY1 - 1103  Cayman Islands.: Heights Capital Management  Inc  401 E City Ave  Bala Cynwyd  PA 19004 USA; CVI Investments  Inc  THE R&H TRUST CO. LTD  P.O. Box 897  Windward 1  Regatta Office Park  West Bay Road  Grand Cayman  KY1 - 1103  Cayman Islands. Transaction date : 25 May 2023.: 25 May 2023. Threshold that is crossed : 3%.: 3%. Denominator : 93 469 933.: 93 469 933. Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively being held : The notification sets out that Heights Capital Management  Inc. controls CVI Investments  Inc. Heights Capital Management Inc. is not controlled.: The notification sets out that Heights Capital Management  Inc. controls CVI Investments  Inc. Heights Capital Management Inc. is not controlled. Additional information: CVI Investments  Inc. is the investment management company that exercises the voting rights at its discretion in the absence of specific instructions.For further information  reference is made to the notification which are available here on the Biocartis website.Pursuant to the Belgian Transparency Act and the articles of association of the Company  a notification to the Company and the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (‘FSMA’) is required by all natural and legal persons in each case where the percentage of voting rights in the Company held by such persons reaches  exceeds or falls below the threshold of 3%  5%  10%  and every subsequent multiple of 5%  of the total number of voting rights in the Company.--- END ---More information:Investor Relations Biocartise-mail ir@biocartis.comtel +32 15 632 600@Biocartis_ www.linkedin.com/BiocartisAbout BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Press release', 'transparency notification', 'Disclosure', 'THE R&H TRUST CO. LTD', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'Heights Capital Management Inc.', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'equivalent financial instruments', '401 E City Ave', 'P.O. Box', 'Regatta Office Park', 'West Bay Road', 'fastest growing segment', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'Belgian Financial Services', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'investment management company', 'Belgian Transparency Act', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'accurate molecular information', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Investor Relations Biocartis', 'individual Biocartis product', 'United States Securities', 'The Biocartis', 'Belgian Act', 'molecular testing', 'regulated market', 'Full chain', 'product labeling', 'English Dutch', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'major shareholdings', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'aggregate number', 'voting rights', 'CVI Investments', 'Downward crossing', 'parent undertaking', 'Bala Cynwyd', 'Grand Cayman', 'Cayman Islands', 'Transaction date', 'controlled undertakings', 'specific instructions', 'Markets Authority', 'total number', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'based system', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'liver cancer', 'other countries', 'Idylla™ trademark', 'Exchange Commission', 'transparency notification', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'following information', 'Additional information', 'More information', 'voting securities', 'lowest threshold', 'controlling person', 'Biocartis website', 'universal access', 'notification requirement', 'legal persons', '3% notification threshold', 'June', '7:00 CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'accordance', 'Article', 'paragraph', '2 May', 'issuers', 'shares', '25 May', 'Reason', 'Acquisition', 'disposal', 'Windward', 'KY1', 'Denominator', 'discretion', 'absence', 'reference', 'association', 'FSMA', 'natural', 'case', 'percentage', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'sample', 'result', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'lung', 'COVID', 'Flu', 'RSV', 'sepsis', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'trademarks', 'Europe', 'logo', 'applicable', 'uses', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'restrictions', 'responsibility', 'violation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'America', 'registration']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,globenewswire.com
25962,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ABC-ARBITRAGE-5094/news/ABC-arbitrage-Pace-of-activity-as-of-May-31-2023-44073876/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,ABC arbitrage - Pace of activity as of May 31  2023,(marketscreener.com)   Press releaseParis  June 8  2023 - 6:00pm   ABC arbitrage - Pace of activity as of May 31  2023   Through this press release  ABC arbitrage wishes to provide all its shareholders  whether present or not at the Group's Annual General Mee…,"Press release Paris  June 8  2023 - 6:00pmABC arbitrage - Pace of activity as of May 31  2023Through this press release  ABC arbitrage wishes to provide all its shareholders  whether present or not at the Group's Annual General Meeting  with the same level of information ahead of the opening of the debates  which will begin on June 9 at 10.30 am.Context and activity in the first months of 2023As at May 31  2023  the Group's average monthly rhythm of activity was 3.4€M per month  i.e. 13% above the monthly average of 2019 and 30% below that of 2022. This rhythm of activity  though below the Group's expectations  is well explained by market parameters that have partly fallen back to 2019 levels  and by a sharp contraction in Mergers & Acquisitions (""M&A"") activity. These difficulties in the M&A sector were not offset by the expected rise in volatility  a statistically rare situation but with no lasting impact on the Group's businesses. Following the difficulties encountered by the crypto ecosystem  the Group has decided to temporarily stop its activity for this asset class. This temporary halt  with no losses incurred by the Group as a result of these difficulties  represents a loss of earnings for the first half of 2023. The Group expects to be able to resume development of this business in the third quarter of 2023. More generally  in these first few months of 2023  the Group sees every reason to maintain the ambitions of its strategic plan Springboard 2025.Asset under management activity / fund managementAssets under management for clients outside the Group (ETP - External Third Party) remained stable in the first half of the year  as expected when the Springboard 2025 strategic plan was presented. Indeed  after an FY2022 below expectations  ABCA Reversion needs to confirm its strength and performance in the first months of 2023. This confirmation  which is now underway  will allow the expected trajectory of inflows to resume over the coming months. The creation of a fund including digital assets in its investment universe remains one of the Group's objectives  albeit delayed to Q1 2024 following the difficulties in the crypto environment already described above. The ambition of the strategic plan remains to exceed € 350M ETP  to which the Group's internal capital must be added  for a total of client assets of € 530M at the end of 2023. The Group therefore maintains its ambitions and its investment in the development of its investment management activity.OutlookAlthough the markets seem optimistic in this complex economic environment  M&A activity remained very quiet in the first half of the year. This situation  which is statistically rare  should correct itself in the coming months  either by a return of volatility or by increased M&A activity  developments which are always favorable for the Group. Ongoing developments on new strategies are in line with expectations  and should contribute positively in the coming months in terms of earnings and ETP inflows. The Group's business enjoyed some excellent days in the first few days of June  on average returning to the same levels as in 2022. ABC arbitrage thus confirms its ability to deliver excellent performance in an environment that is improving in terms of its historical parameters  of which the principal remains volatility.As a reminder  the estimates in this press release are not a substitute for the audited consolidated results for the first half of 2023  which will be published on 19 September 2023.For more information  please consult the group's website at the following link: abc-arbitrageContacts : abc-arbitrage.comRelations actionnaires : actionnaires@abc-arbitrage.comRelations presse: VERBATEE / v.sabineu@verbatee.com EURONEXT Paris - Compartiment BISIN : FR0004040608Reuters BITI.PA / Bloomberg ABCA FPAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.01,0.5,True,English,"['ABC arbitrage', 'Pace', 'activity', 'May', 'Bloomberg ABCA FP Attachment', 'Annual General Meeting', 'M&A sector', 'External Third Party', 'complex economic environment', 'M&A"") activity', 'M&A activity', 'average monthly rhythm', 'Springboard 2025 strategic plan', 'investment management activity', 'monthly average', 'ABCA Reversion', 'third quarter', 'Press release', 'same level', 'market parameters', 'sharp contraction', 'lasting impact', 'crypto ecosystem', 'temporary halt', 'expected trajectory', 'investment universe', 'crypto environment', 'internal capital', 'new strategies', 'historical parameters', 'following link', 'Relations presse', 'Compartiment B', 'Reuters BITI', 'coming months', 'first half', 'digital assets', 'client assets', 'first months', 'rare situation', 'asset class', 'fund management', 'Ongoing developments', 'excellent days', 'excellent performance', 'Relations actionnaires', 'EURONEXT Paris', 'ABC arbitrage', 'The Group', 'ETP inflows', '2019 levels', 'June', '6:00pm', 'Pace', 'May', 'shareholders', 'information', 'opening', 'debates', '10.30 am', 'expectations', 'Mergers', 'Acquisitions', 'difficulties', 'rise', 'volatility', 'businesses', 'losses', 'result', 'earnings', 'reason', 'ambitions', 'clients', 'year', 'FY2022', 'strength', 'confirmation', 'creation', 'objectives', 'Q1', 'total', 'end', 'Outlook', 'markets', 'return', 'line', 'terms', 'ability', 'principal', 'reminder', 'estimates', 'substitute', '19 September', 'website', 'Contacts', 'VERBATEE', 'ISIN', 'FR0004040608', '2023', '€']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25963,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-Report-form-for-31-05-2023-44073689/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Societe Generale : Report form for 31/05/2023,(marketscreener.com)   SOCIETE GENERALE : Number of shares composing current share capital and Total number of voting rights as of 31/05/2023   Regulated Information   Paris  08 June 2023   Information about the total number of voting rights and sh…,Information about the total number of voting rights and shares pursuant to Article L.233- 8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the AMF General Regulations.Press contact:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world's societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation; International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale's newsroom pagewhere official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document's legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegeneraleor visit our website societegenerale.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.45,0.54,True,English,"['Societe Generale', 'Report form', '31/05', 'Crédit du Nord networks', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'leading European financial services groups', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'three complementary core businesses', 'Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'French Commercial Code', 'AMF General Regulations', 'key international locations', 'French Retail Banking', 'International Retail Banking', 'official Press Releases', 'integrated banking model', 'innovative financial solutions', 'tailored financial solutions', '25 million individual clients', 'two Societe Generale', 'Inclusion Index', 'Global Banking', 'integrated solutions', 'financial strength', 'advisory services', 'Investor Solutions', 'Press contact', 'specialised businesses', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'proven expertise', 'sustainable growth', 'positive transformations', 'sustainable future', 'real economy', 'solid position', 'daily basis', 'institutional investors', 'wide range', 'SG bank', 'full range', 'omnichannel products', 'cutting edge', 'recognised expertise', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'newsroom pagewhere', 'blockchain technology', 'web page', 'digital innovation', 'Article L.', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'The Group', 'Eastern Europe', 'Information', 'shares', 'Rouby', 'diversified', 'strategy', 'world', 'societies', 'economies', 'teams', 'day', '150 years', 'rest', '117,000 members', 'staff', '66 countries', 'merger', 'Boursorama', 'Insurance', 'Africa', 'Central', 'markets', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'document', 'legitimacy', 'Twitter', 'societegeneraleor', 'website']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25964,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAGA-ENERGY-128249926/news/Waga-Energy-awarded-ISCC-EU-certification-for-its-Spanish-RNG-production-facility-44074137/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Waga Energy awarded ISCC EU certification for its Spanish RNG production facility,(marketscreener.com) Waga Energy / Key word: Sustainability/ESGWaga Energy awarded ISCC EU certification for its Spanish RNG production facility 08-Jun-2023 / 18:30 CET/CESTWaga Energy awarded ISCC EU certification for its Spanish RNG product…,Waga Energy awarded ISCC EU certificationfor its Spanish RNG production facilityWaga Energy has begun the ISCC EU certification process for several of its European RNG production facilities that are either under construction or operational. The facility currently being built at the PreZero landfill site near Barcelona  Spain is the first to be awarded this European quality accreditation that helps boost the market value of RNG.Waga Energy  a European specialist in upgrading landfill gas (LFG) to renewable natural gas (RNG)  has been awarded ISCC EU certification for its facility under construction at the PreZero site in Els Hostalets de Pierola (Catalonia  Spain) following an independent audit conducted in April 2023. This accreditation proves that the installation meets sustainability and greenhouse gas emissions savings criteria set out in the European RED II Directive[1]. It enables RNG purchasers to prove they are reducing the environmental impact of their business  measure their products' carbon footprint  and prove their compliance with any regulatory obligations.“ISCC certification guarantees that the RNG we produce is traceable and compliant with European biofuel regulations  which helps boost its value. This will enable us to increase the selling price of RNG produced by our first Spanish facility ” explains Lucie Tonnellier  Energy Director of Waga Energy.Waga Energy has begun the certification process for all its European facilities with production capacity of over 20 GWh per year. In France  this certification will soon be a requirement for accessing the feed-in tariff. It will also facilitate the sale of RNG through private Biomethane Purchase Agreements (BPA).The International Sustainability & Carbon Certification (ISCC) program developed within the European Union is the world's first biomass and bioenergy certification scheme.About Waga Energy: Waga Energy (EPA: WAGA) produces competitively priced Renewable Natural Gas (also known as “biomethane”) by upgrading landfill gas using a patented purification technology called WAGABOX®. The RNG produced is injected directly into the gas grids to supply individuals and businesses  providing a substitute for natural gas. Waga Energy finances  builds and operates its WAGABOX® units under long-term contracts with landfill operators for the supply of raw gas  and generates income by selling the RNG it generated or by offering upgrading service. At the date of this press release  Waga Energy operates sixteen WAGABOX® units in France and Canada  representing an installed capacity of 570 GWh/year. Thirteen units are under construction in France  Spain  Canada and the US. Each project initiated by Waga Energy contributes to the fight against global warming and helps the energy transition. Waga Energy has been listed since October 27  2021  on Euronext Paris.www.waga-energy.com | Follow us on LinkedInContactLaurent Barbotin+33 772 771 185laurent.barbotin@waga-energy.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.69,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['Spanish RNG production facility', 'ISCC EU certification', 'Waga Energy', 'greenhouse gas emissions savings criteria', 'Els Hostalets de Pierola', 'European RED II Directive', 'private Biomethane Purchase Agreements', 'ISCC EU certification process', 'European RNG production facilities', 'Spanish RNG production facility', 'patented purification technology', 'European biofuel regulations', ""products' carbon footprint"", 'bioenergy certification scheme', 'renewable natural gas', 'first Spanish facility', 'The International Sustainability', 'European quality accreditation', 'sixteen WAGABOX® units', 'PreZero landfill site', 'European facilities', 'production capacity', 'ISCC certification', 'PreZero site', 'Carbon Certification', 'landfill gas', 'European specialist', 'European Union', 'gas grids', 'raw gas', 'first biomass', 'Thirteen units', 'landfill operators', 'independent audit', 'environmental impact', 'regulatory obligations', 'selling price', 'Lucie Tonnellier', 'Energy Director', 'long-term contracts', 'press release', 'installed capacity', 'global warming', 'energy transition', 'Euronext Paris', 'LinkedIn Contact', 'Waga Energy', 'RNG purchasers', 'market value', 'Laurent Barbotin', 'RNG.', 'construction', 'Barcelona', 'Spain', 'LFG', 'Catalonia', 'April', 'installation', 'business', 'compliance', '20 GWh', 'year', 'France', 'requirement', 'feed', 'tariff', 'sale', 'BPA', 'program', 'world', 'EPA', 'individuals', 'substitute', 'supply', 'income', 'service', 'date', 'Canada', '570 GWh', 'project', 'fight', 'October', 'waga-energy']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25965,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UBISOFT-ENTERTAINMENT-4719/news/UBISOFT-ENTERTAINMENT-Ubisoft-launches-a-new-employee-shareholding-operation-44073777/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,UBISOFT ENTERTAINMENT : Ubisoft launches a new employee shareholding operation,(marketscreener.com) UBISOFT ENTERTAINMENT S.A. Ubisoft launches a new employee shareholding operation. Saint-Mandé  on June 8  2023 Ubisoft Entertainment S.A. announces the launch of a new employee shareholding operation in France and abroad for the employee…,UBISOFT ENTERTAINMENT S.A.Ubisoft launches a new employee shareholding operation.Saint-Mandé  on June 8  2023Ubisoft Entertainment S.A. (Euronext Paris: UBI – ISIN code: FR0000054470) announces the launch of a new employee shareholding operation in France and abroad for the employees of the Ubisoft group (hereinafter the « Offer »).1. OFFERORUbisoft Entertainment S.A. (hereinafter the « Company ») is a French société anonyme with its registered office at 2  rue du Chêne Heleuc  56910 Carentoir  France. The Company is identified at the Trade and Companies Registry under number 335 186 094 RCS Vannes.Information regarding the Company is available on its website ( www.ubisoft.com ) and in particular in the universal registration document available on this website.2. REASONS OF THE OFFERThis Offer aims at strengthening the employee shareholding in order to associate the employees more closely to the Ubisoft group's development and future performance.3. FRAMEWORK OF THE OFFEROn December 6  2022 (the « Launch Board »)  the Company's Board of directors approved the launch of the Offer consisting on reserved share capital increase(s) and/or on share purchase plan(s) on the one hand  for members of the Ubisoft group savings plans in accordance with provisions of Articles L. 3332-18 and/or L. 3332-24 of the French Labour Code (hereinafter the « FCPE Offer »)  and on the other hand for employees outside of the scope of the group savings plans (hereinafter the « Shares + SAR Offer »)  under the terms and conditions described below  and subdelegated to the Chairman & Chief Executive Officer (the « CEO ») the powers required for the implementation of the Offer.The CEO  acting upon subdelegation of the Board of directors  took the decision on May 30  2023 that the Shares + SAR Offer will be exclusively implemented through share capital increases and that the FCPE Offer will be implemented in priority through a share capital increase and  if necessary  through the sale of existing shares.4. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFERBeneficiariesThe Offer is reserved to (i) employees of the Ubisoft group within eighteen jurisdictions (Bulgaria  Canada  China  Finland  France  Germany  India  Italy  Japan  the Netherlands  the Philippines  Romania  Singapore  Spain  Sweden  the United Arab Emirates  the United Kingdom and the United States)  having at least three months' seniority  continuous or not  between January 1  2022 and the end of the participation/revocation period of the Offer and to (ii) retired employees of the companies in France who hold assets in the Ubisoft Group Savings Plan (PEG) (hereinafter the « Beneficiaries »).The Company may decide not to implement the Offer in a jurisdiction mentioned above if a legal  tax or practical constraint so requires.Proposed formulasThe Beneficiaries may purchase or subscribe the Company's ordinary shares (hereinafter the « Shares ») under a leverage formula  through a company mutual fund (Fonds Commun de Placement d'Entreprise or FCPE) or directly under a Shares + SAR (stock appreciation rights) formula depending on the local regulatory and tax constraints.In addition  each Beneficiary will benefit from a guarantee to receive  on 5-year term maturity or in case of early release  the euro amount of his/her initial investment as well as a multiple of the potential protected average increase in the Share price.Lock-up periodShares purchased or subscribed by the Beneficiaries under this Offer are unavailable for a five-year period as from the completion of the Offer (expected to occur on September 18  2023)  except in the occurrence of an early release case provided for in Article R. 3324-22 of the French Labour Code.Out of France  early release cases may be adapted to take account of local legislations or constraints  in particular tax constraints.Participation priceThe participation price of a Share under the Offer will correspond to the average of the twenty daily volume-weighted average prices (VWAP) of the Share on Euronext Paris preceding the decision of the Board of directors or  as the case may be  upon subdelegation of the Board of directors  of the CEO  fixing the dates of the participation/revocation period of the Shares (hereinafter the « Reference Price »)  minus a 15% discount and rounded up to the higher euro cent (hereinafter the « Participation Price »). The applicable exchange rates will be fixed at the same time as the Participation Price (the « Fixing Decision »).Maximum ceilingsAccording to the Launch Board and the CEO decision of May 30  2023  the Offer will be capped at 2 400 000 Shares  and will be served in priority with new Shares to be created up to 1 882 806 and:the FCPE Offer will be capped at 1 272 000 Shares  i.e. 1.0134% of the Company’s share capital 1 . It will be implemented in priority through share capital increase and  if necessary  through the sale of existing shares (the « FCPE Envelope »); and. It will be implemented in priority through share capital increase and  if necessary  through the sale of existing shares (the « FCPE Envelope »); and the Shares + SAR Offer will be capped at 1 128 000 Shares  i.e. 0.8987% of the Company's share capital1. It will be implemented exclusively through share capital increases (the « Shares + SAR Envelope »).Specific sub-ceilings are or may be provided in certain jurisdictions depending on local legal constraints.If the entire FCPE Envelope or the Shares + SAR Envelope is not used  the Shares remaining available under said envelope may be used to satisfy  if necessary  the over-used envelope.Source of the SharesThe Shares purchased under the sale of existing Shares will be existing treasury shares held by the Company purchased within the terms of the repurchase program(s) authorised by the Company’s General Shareholders’ Meeting.The Shares subscribed under the reserved capital increases will be newly issued Shares assimilated to the existing Shares. They will bear current dividend rights.Provisional timetableThe provisional timetable of the Offer is the following:Reservation period: from June 15 to June 29  2023 inclusiveFixing Decision: August 7  2023Participation/revocation period: from August 10 to August 17  2023 inclusiveShare capital increases/Settlement-delivery: September 18  2023End of the lock-up period: September 17  2028  at midnightThese dates are indicative and may be subject to modification or adaptation  particularly due to any legal and/or operational constraints that could disrupt the implementation of the Offer  as well as any legislation applicable in each jurisdiction.Risk of postponement or cancellation of the OfferThe Company's Board of directors  or  as the case may be  the CEO acting upon subdelegation  could  at its/his sole discretion  decide to cancel or postpone the Offer in all or part of its geographical scope  for any reason whatsoever and if it/he considers it in the best interest of the Beneficiaries  and as far as possible  until the expected date of completion of the Offer scheduled for September 18  2023.5. NATURE OF THE SHARESShares offered under this Offer are ordinary shares of the Company  listed on the Euronext Paris stock market (Compartment A) under the ISIN code FR0000054470. The Shares are eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (Système de Règlement Différé or SRD).6. VOTING RIGHTSThe voting rights attached to the Shares offered under this Offer will be exercised as regards the Shares:purchased or subscribed within the framework of the FCPE Offer  by the supervisory board of the FCPE  it being specified that in the event of a proven lack of liquidity of the stock-lending market  the supervisory board of the FCPE could only exercise the voting rights attached to the Shares which are part of its assets.subscribed for and held on their own by the employees  within the framework of the Shares + SAR Offer  directly by them.7. HEDGING TRANSACTIONThe financial mechanism underlying the leverage formula requires hedging operations by the financial institution which structures the leverage formula  on market exchanges and over-the-counter exchanges  by means of the purchase or sale of Shares  the lending or borrowing of Shares  the purchase of call option and/or of all other transactions  at all times and in particular as from the opening date of the fixing period of the Reference Price and for the whole duration of the Offer.8. SPECIAL MENTION REGARDING THE INTERNATIONALThis document does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation to purchase or subscribe Shares. The Offer will be offered only in countries where such an Offer has been registered with the competent local authorities and in countries where all required filing procedures and/or notifications have been completed and the authorisations have been obtained. In particular  the Shares have not been and will not be registered in the United States in application of the Securities Act of 1933.This document is not intended for countries in which such procedures would be required and have not yet been carried out or the necessary authorisations have not been obtained. Copies of this document will not therefore be distributed to these countries.Shares that may be purchased or subscribed under the Offer have not been recommended by any governmental securities commission or regulatory authority. Neither the Company nor any employers is giving investment advice with respect to this Offer. Investing is a personal decision that must be made by the employee  taking into account his/her financial resources  investment goals  personal tax situation  any other investment alternatives available and the fact that the value of a quoted share will fluctuate. In this regard  employees are encouraged to consider the diversification of their investment portfolio to ensure that the risk that they assume is not unduly concentrated on any single investment.The Offer is proposed on a discretionary basis by the Company. Neither the Company nor the employers are required to repeat the Offer or to make similar offers in the future. The terms and conditions of the Offer do not form part of the employment contract of the employees.Units of the FCPE cannot be offered or sold  either directly or indirectly  in the United States (including its territories and possessions) or to or for the benefit of a « U.S. Person »  as defined in the U.S. Regulations and available on the website of the management company: www.amundi.com . Persons wishing to subscribe for FCPE units certify that they are not « U.S. Person ». Any unit holder must immediately inform the management company in the event that he/she becomes a « U.S. Person ». The management company may impose restrictions on (i) the holding of FCPE units by a « U.S. Person » and in particular compulsorily redemption of the units  or (ii) transfer of units to a « U.S. Person ». This power would also extend to any person (a) who appears to be directly or indirectly in breach of the laws and regulations of any country or governmental authority  or (b) who could  in the view of the management company  cause damage to the FCPE that it would not otherwise have suffered.Pursuant to provisions of Regulation (EC) no. 833/2014 and Regulation (EC) no. 765/2006  as amended  the Offer is not made to Russian nationals and persons residing in Russia  nor to Belarussian nationals or persons residing in Belarus  except (i) in case of Russian nationals  in case those persons are nationals of an EU Member State  of a country member of the European Economic Area or Switzerland  or have a temporary or permanent residence permit in an EU Member State a country member of the European Economic Area or in Switzerland and (ii) in case of Belarussian nationals  if those persons are nationals of a EU Member State or have a temporary or permanent residence permit in a EU Member State.In France  the present document is prepared to meet the requirements of the AMF set out in Article 3.1 of the AMF Guidelines on the employee savings funds (Guide relatif aux fonds d'épargne salariale) of August 8  2012 (DOC-2012-10) as modified on February 16  2023.In addition  this document contains the information required under Article 1  paragraphs4-i) and 5-h)  of the Regulation (EU) no. 2017-1129 of June 14  2017  entered into force on July 21  2019.ContactsInvestor RelationsJean-Benoît RoquetteSVP Investor Relations+ 33 1 48 18 52 39jean-benoit.roquette@ubisoft.comAlexandre EnjalbertInvestor Relations Director+ 33 1 48 18 50 78alexandre.enjalbert@ubisoft.comAbout UbisoftUbisoft is a creator of worlds  committed to enriching players’ lives with original and memorable entertainment experiences. Ubisoft’s global teams create and develop a deep and diverse portfolio of games  featuring brands such as Assassin’s Creed®  Brawlhalla®  For Honor®  Far Cry®  Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon®  Just Dance®  Rabbids®  Tom Clancy’s Rainbow Six®  The Crew® and Tom Clancy’s The Division®. Through Ubisoft Connect  players can enjoy an ecosystem of services to enhance their gaming experience  get rewards and connect with friends across platforms. With Ubisoft+  the subscription service  they can access a growing catalog of more than 100 Ubisoft games and DLC. For the 2022–23 fiscal year  Ubisoft generated net bookings of €1 739 million. To learn more  please visit: www.ubisoftgroup.com.© 2023 Ubisoft Entertainment. All Rights Reserved. Ubisoft and the Ubisoft logo are registered trademarks in the US and/or other countries.1 Based on the number of outstanding shares on November 30  2022  i.e. 125 520 452 shares.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['new employee shareholding operation', 'UBISOFT ENTERTAINMENT', '2, rue du Chêne Heleuc', 'twenty daily volume-weighted average prices', 'Fonds Commun de Placement', 'French société anonyme', 'UBISOFT ENTERTAINMENT S.A.', 'potential protected average increase', 'new employee shareholding operation', 'Ubisoft group savings plans', 'share capital increase(s', 'universal registration document', 'share purchase plan', 'French Labour Code', 'Chief Executive Officer', ""three months' seniority"", 'stock appreciation rights', '5-year term maturity', 'applicable exchange rates', 'share capital increases', 'higher euro cent', 'United Arab Emirates', 'early release cases', 'company mutual fund', 'new Shares', 'ISIN code', 'euro amount', 'Share price', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'RCS Vannes', 'future performance', 'one hand', 'other hand', 'eighteen jurisdictions', 'revocation period', 'legal, tax', 'practical constraint', 'local regulatory', 'initial investment', 'Lock-up period', 'five-year period', 'Article R.', 'local legislations', 'Participation price', 'Reference Price', 'same time', 'Maximum ceilings', 'FCPE Envelope', 'tax constraints', 'Companies Registry', 'Articles L.', 'leverage formula', 'Fixing Decision', 'Shares +', 'existing shares', 'ordinary shares', 'FCPE Offer', 'SAR Offer', 'Launch Board', 'CEO decision', 'The Beneficiaries', '2,400,000 Shares', '1,272,000 Shares', 'Saint-Mandé', 'June', 'France', 'employees', 'OFFEROR', '56910 Carentoir', 'Trade', 'number', 'Information', 'website', 'REASONS', 'order', 'development', 'FRAMEWORK', 'December', 'directors', 'members', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'scope', 'terms', 'conditions', 'Chairman', 'powers', 'implementation', 'subdelegation', 'May', 'priority', 'sale', 'Bulgaria', 'Canada', 'China', 'Finland', 'Germany', 'India', 'Italy', 'Japan', 'Netherlands', 'Philippines', 'Romania', 'Singapore', 'Spain', 'Sweden', 'January', 'end', 'retired', 'assets', 'PEG', 'formulas', 'Entreprise', 'addition', 'Beneficiary', 'guarantee', 'completion', 'September', 'account', 'particular', 'VWAP', 'dates', '15% discount', 'nece', '1.', '2.', '3.', '4.']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25966,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DBV-TECHNOLOGIES-10189744/news/DBV-Technologies-to-Participate-in-Upcoming-EAACI-Congress-2023-44075104/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming EAACI Congress 2023,(marketscreener.com) Montrouge  France  June 8  2023 DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming EAACI Congress 2023 DBV Technologies   a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced upcoming participation in the European Academy of Allergy and C…,"Montrouge  France  June 8  2023DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming EAACI Congress 2023DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced upcoming participation in the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology (EAACI) Congress  June 9 – 11  2023  in Hamburg  Germany. DBV will present three posters and will also host a symposium and exhibit booth in the EAACI exhibit hall.Data to be presented during the scientific sessions will describe the current burden of peanut allergy and treatment management strategies for children in the U.K. DBV will also present data from its completed EPITOPE Phase 3 study assessing the efficacy and safety of epicutaneous immunotherapy (EPIT) using Viaskin Peanut™ in toddlers aged 1-3 years with or without concomitant asthma. The toddler age-group represents the age range in which many peanut-allergic children are diagnosed  yet there are currently no approved therapies for this patient population.“We know that there is an urgent unmet need for treatment options in toddlers living with a peanut allergy  and that no FDA or EMA approved therapies currently exist for those under the age of four years old ” said Daniel Tasse  Chief Executive Officer  DBV Technologies. “That is why we are working hard to advance our science for this patient population and are pleased to have a significant presence at EAACI again this year to share our progress and participate in academic discussions with the many global allergy and immunology thought leaders who will be in attendance.”DBV’s symposium  “Addressing the Burden of Patients Living with Peanut Allergy”  will be co-chaired by Stefania Arasi  MD  PhD  MSc  Pediatric Allergist & Researcher at Paediatric Allergy Unit  Bambino Gesù Children Research Hospital (IRCCS) in Rome  EAACI Pediatric Section Chair and Susanne Lau  MD  PhD  Deputy Head of Pediatric Respiratory Medicine  Immunology and Critical Care Medicine Department  Charité Medical University of Berlin. It will include lectures by Sabine Schnadt  of the German Allergy and Asthma Association  Mönchengladbach  Germany  on the value of thresholds of reaction and Dr. George du Toit  of King’s College London  on data from the Company’s Phase 3 EPITOPE study  respectively.“We look forward to presenting the EPITOPE Phase 3 data at EAACI this year. The development of a well-tolerated and convenient treatment option continues to be a primary focus for DBV  and we believe the data to be presented will show our ongoing commitment and efforts to progress the development of this potential treatment option for underserved patients ” said Dr. Pharis Mohideen  Chief Medical Officer  DBV Technologies. “Our symposium will address a theme that peanut-allergy caregivers know well: the burdens that patients face in living with their condition. As a food allergy parent  I believe it is critical that we continue to engage in this open dialogue on how we can help improve lives for patients and families in a meaningful way.”Symposium“Addressing the Burden of Patients Living with Peanut Allergy” will be chaired by Dr. Stefania Arasi and Dr. Susanne LauDate and location: Saturday  10 June  12:00 – 13:00 CEST  Hall ELectures: “ Introduction  "" Dr. Stefania Arasi “ Managing the risk of patients with peanut allergy: the value of thresholds of reaction  ” Dr. Sabine Schnadt “ Epicutaneous Immunotherapy for peanut allergy: an update  ” Dr. George du Toit “ Conclusion  ” Susanne LauScientific Presentations“Characteristics and current management strategies of children diagnosed with peanut allergy (PA) in the United Kingdom (UK)”Session title: Food allergy 1Session date and time: Friday  9 June  2023  12:00 – 13:00 CEST“Health state utilities in children with peanut allergy and their parents: a UK vignette study”Session title: Food allergy 2Session date and time: Saturday  10 June  2023  12:00 – 13:00 CEST“Efficacy and Safety of Epicutaneous Immunotherapy (EPIT) for Peanut Allergy in Subjects Aged 1-3 Years With and Without Concomitant Asthma in the EPITOPE Study”Session title: Asthma 3Session date and time: Sunday  11 June  2023  12:45 – 13:45 CESTAbout EPITOPEEPITOPE ( NCT03211247 ) enrolled 413 subjects (51 in Part A and 362 in Part B) in approximately 50 centers across North America (Canada and the United States)  Europe and Australia. The EPITOPE trial was a two-part trial: Part A was designed to assess the safety of Viaskin Peanut 100 µg and 250 µg and to determine the highest safe dose  and Part B was designed to assess the efficacy and safety of the selected dose. Based on the results of Part A  the 250 µg dose was selected for Part B. In Part B  subjects were randomized 2:1 to receive Viaskin Peanut 250 µg or placebo.The primary endpoint was based on a responder analysis after 12 months of treatment with the selected dose of Viaskin Peanut. As a secondary efficacy endpoint  cumulative reactive dose (CRD) was also evaluated in EPITOPE to establish the total quantity of peanut protein that triggers subject reactions at month 12 of active treatment versus placebo. Serological markers were also measured at baseline  3  6 and 12 months in order to characterize the immunological changes in subjects. There were no limitations on activities of daily living in this trial. Participants were able to go about their normal lives without restrictions  including playing  showering  or swimming.Following the completion of EPITOPE  all eligible subjects had the option to rollover into EPOPEX  a long-term  open-label extension study of Viaskin Peanut 250 µg. Now that the EPITOPE study results are publicly available  subjects enrolled in the EPOPEX study will be unblinded to their respective treatment group in EPITOPE.In June 2022  DBV Technologies announced positive topline results from EPITOPE. Viaskin Peanut demonstrated a statistically significant treatment effect (p<0.001)  with 67.0% of subjects in the Viaskin Peanut arm meeting the treatment responder criteria after 12 months  as compared to 33.5% of subjects in the placebo arm (difference in response rates = 33.4%; 95% CI = 22.4% - 44.5%). The EPITOPE safety results were generally consistent with the safety profile of Viaskin Peanut 250 μg observed in children with peanut allergy ages 4 years and older in prior clinical trials. No imbalance in the overall adverse event (AE) rate was observed in the trial between the active and placebo arms. For more information on the EPITOPE results see the DBV press release.About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding DBV Technologies’ clinical development and regulatory plans with respect to Viaskin™ Peanut for the treatment of toddlers ages 1-3 years old  the therapeutic potential of Viaskin™ Peanut as a treatment for peanut-allergic children more broadly  the ability of any of the Company’s product candidates  if approved  to improve the lives of patients with food allergies  designs of the Company’s anticipated clinical trials  safety studies and HF studies  and the timing and anticipated results of interactions with regulatory agencies. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties  including risks inherent to the clinical development and regulatory process  as well as market conditions and other risks and uncertainties set forth in DBV Technologies’ regulatory filings with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV Technologies’ filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Investor ContactKatie MatthewsDBV Technologies+1 857-529-2563katie.matthews@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologies+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.71,0.07,0.22,True,English,"['Upcoming EAACI Congress', 'DBV Technologies', 'Bambino Gesù Children Research Hospital', 'Critical Care Medicine Department', 'Dr. George du Toit', 'EAACI Pediatric Section Chair', 'Dr. Susanne Lau Date', 'Pediatric Respiratory Medicine', 'Dr. Pharis Mohideen', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'urgent unmet need', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Charité Medical University', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Health state utilities', 'Dr. Stefania Arasi', 'current management strategies', 'Dr. Sabine Schnadt', 'treatment management strategies', 'convenient treatment option', 'potential treatment option', 'many peanut-allergic children', 'many global allergy', 'Paediatric Allergy Unit', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'immunology thought leaders', 'Hall E Lectures', 'highest safe dose', 'cumulative reactive dose', 'EPITOPE Phase 3 study', 'Phase 3 EPITOPE study', 'EAACI exhibit hall', 'UK vignette study', 'The EPITOPE trial', 'food allergy parent', 'Upcoming EAACI Congress', 'secondary efficacy endpoint', 'EPITOPE Phase 3 data', 'Viaskin Peanut 250 µg', 'Pediatric Allergist', 'EAACI) Congress', 'upcoming participation', 'exhibit booth', 'Session date', 'two-part trial', 'primary endpoint', 'treatment options', 'Viaskin Peanut™', 'peanut allergy', 'German Allergy', 'European Academy', 'Clinical Immunology', 'three posters', 'scientific sessions', 'U.K.', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', '1-3 years', 'toddler age-group', 'patient population', 'Daniel Tasse', 'significant presence', 'academic discussions', 'Deputy Head', 'Mönchengladbach', 'College London', 'primary focus', 'ongoing commitment', 'peanut-allergy caregivers', 'open dialogue', 'meaningful way', 'Scientific Presentations', 'United Kingdom', 'Session title', 'Part A', 'Part B', 'North America', 'United States', 'responder analysis', 'total quantity', 'current burden', 'concomitant asthma', 'Asthma Association', '250 µg dose', 'age range', 'DBV Technologies', 'underserved patients', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'June', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', 'Hamburg', 'Germany', 'symposium', 'safety', 'toddlers', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'therapies', 'science', 'progress', 'attendance', 'MD', 'PhD', 'MSc', 'Researcher', 'IRCCS', 'Rome', 'Berlin', 'value', 'thresholds', 'reaction', 'development', 'efforts', 'theme', 'burdens', 'condition', 'lives', 'families', 'location', 'Saturday', '13:00 CEST', 'Introduction', 'risk', 'update', 'Conclusion', 'Characteristics', 'time', 'Friday', 'parents', 'Subjects', 'Sunday', '13:45 CEST', '50 centers', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'results', 'placebo', '12 months', 'CRD', '12:00']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25967,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HYLORIS-PHARMACEUTICALS-S-109048390/news/Hyloris-has-been-granted-EUR-1-million-in-non-dilutive-funding-from-the-Walloon-Region-44073858/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Hyloris has been granted EUR 1 million in non-dilutive funding from the Walloon Region,(marketscreener.com) Regulated Information - Liège  Belgium – 08 June 2023 – 6 PM CET – Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA   a specialty biopharma company committed to addressing unmet medical needs through reinventing existing medications  today announced that the C…,"Regulated Information - Liège  Belgium – 08 June 2023 – 6 PM CET – Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext Brussels: HYL)  a specialty biopharma company committed to addressing unmet medical needs through reinventing existing medications  today announced that the Company has been granted EUR 1 million in non-dilutive funding from the Walloon Region for the first part of the development of HY-083.The research into HY-083 aims to offer a treatment option for idiopathic rhinitis – rhinitis without a known cause like allergies or inflammation – an indication for which no reliable treatment exists today. An estimated 7% of the adult population is affected by idiopathic rhinitis and displays nasal symptoms like runny or stuffy noses  or sneezing fits with no satisfactory treatment currently available.The funding for technological innovation was approved by Mr. Willy Borsus  Minister of Economy  Foreign Trade  Research and Innovation  Digital  Agriculture and Territorial Development  in collaboration with DG06  the scientific department of the Walloon Region dedicated to supporting innovative companies headquartered in Wallonia.Stijn Van Rompay  Chief Executive Officer of Hyloris  commented: “We are grateful for the Walloon Region’s support of innovation happening at Hyloris  and minister of Innovation Willy Borsus in particular. This public funding will be used sparingly and prudently.”“Hyloris has been based in Liège for several years. We have recently recruited heavily to expand our R&D team and will inaugurate an expanded lab facility in Liège in the coming weeks. It is clear that we want to expand our footprint in the Walloon Region further  through recruitment and by partnering with local companies offering expertise in pharma R&D and logistics.”The Company was awarded a non-refundable grant amounting to EUR 355.429 81 which will cover up to 70% of research costs incurred during R&D activities such as the product formulation at the Hyloris R&D lab and a bioavailability study in healty volunteers.An additional EUR 677.086 21 was granted as a recoverable cash advance  which could cover up to 55% of defined pharmaceutical development expenditures such as non-clinical studies and clinical trial batch manufacturing. In contrast to the grant  the recoverable cash advance is to be reimbursed over the expected economic life of the project.The support coming from Mr. Borsus and DG06 helps Hyloris move ahead in its attempt to improve patient outcomes  with the added prospect of future partnerships with other companies in the Walloon Region.About RhinitisRhinitis is defined as the presence of at least one of the following symptoms for more than 1 hour per day: nasal congestion/obstruction  rhinorrhoea  sneezing  and nasal itching.Chronic rhinitis can be divided into 3 phenotypes: allergic  infectious and non-allergic/non-infectious. For allergic and /infectious rhinitis  current medicinal products are available such as decongestant spray/tablets  antihistamines or corticosteroids.Idiopathic rhinitis is the largest group within the non-allergic/non-infectious rhinitis group. It occurs in around 7% of the total population  representing an estimated 19 million people in the US alone. 13% of them have moderate to severe idiopathic rhinitis  leading them to actively seek specialist treatment. Currently available treatment options sadly do not provide consistent treatment to the entire patient population.Patients typically live through several years of failed treatment options  adding frustration and wasted expenses to the medical symptoms impacting their quality of life. Rapid relief through a product candidate administered through the nose should reduce overall treatment costs  improve quality of life and make potentially unsuccessful surgical procedures redundant.About Hyloris PharmaceuticalsHyloris is a specialty biopharma company focused on innovating  reinventing  and optimizing existing medications to address important healthcare needs and deliver relevant improvements for patients  healthcare professionals and payors. Hyloris has built a broad  patented portfolio of 16 reformulated and repurposed value-added medicines that have the potential to offer significant advantages over available alternatives. Outside of its core strategic focus  the Company also has 3 high barrier generic products in development.Two products are currently in initial phases of commercialization with partners: Sotalol IV for the treatment of atrial fibrillation  and Maxigesic® IV  a non-opioid post-operative pain treatment. The Company’s development strategy primarily focuses on the FDA’s 505(b)2 regulatory pathway  which is specifically designed for pharmaceuticals for which safety and efficacy of the molecule have already been established. This pathway can reduce the clinical burden required to bring a product to market  and significantly shorten the development timelines and reduce costs and risks. Hyloris is based in Liège  Belgium. For more information  visit www.hyloris.com and follow-us on LinkedIn.For more information  contact Hyloris Pharmaceuticals:Stijn Van Rompay  CEOstijn.vanrompay@hyloris.com+32 (0)4 346 02 07Jean-Luc Vandebroek  CFOjean-luc.vandebroek@hyloris.com+32 (0)478 27 68 42Sven Watthy  Investor Relations & Communications managerSven.watthy@hyloris.com+32 (0)499 71 15 29Disclaimer and forward-looking statementsHyloris means “high yield  lower risk”  which relates to the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for product approval on which the Company focuses  but in no way relates or applies to an investment in the Shares. Certain statements in this press release are “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified using forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors  many of which are beyond the Company’s control  that may cause the actual results  levels of activity  performance or achievements of the Company or its industry to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.11,0.65,True,English,"['dilutive funding', 'Walloon Region', 'Hyloris', 'moderate to severe idiopathic rhinitis', '3 high barrier generic products', 'clinical trial batch manufacturing', 'opioid post-operative pain treatment', 'Hyloris R&D lab', 'Stijn Van Rompay', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'R&D team', 'R&D activities', 'recoverable cash advance', 'current medicinal products', 'unsuccessful surgical procedures', 'broad, patented portfolio', 'core strategic focus', 'unmet medical needs', 'important healthcare needs', '505(b)2 regulatory pathway', 'entire patient population', 'specialty biopharma company', 'pharmaceutical development expenditures', 'failed treatment options', 'allergic/non-infectious rhinitis group', 'Mr. Willy Borsus', 'overall treatment costs', 'Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA', 'lab facility', 'Two products', 'Mr. Borsus', 'clinical studies', 'clinical burden', 'patient outcomes', 'largest group', 'medical symptoms', 'healthcare professionals', 'adult population', 'total population', 'reliable treatment', 'satisfactory treatment', 'specialist treatment', 'consistent treatment', 'Chronic rhinitis', 'Liège', 'Euronext Brussels', 'existing medications', 'Walloon Region', 'first part', 'nasal symptoms', 'stuffy noses', 'Foreign Trade', 'scientific department', 'innovative companies', 'several years', 'coming weeks', 'local companies', 'bioavailability study', 'healty volunteers', 'added prospect', 'future partnerships', 'other companies', 'following symptoms', 'nasal congestion/obstruction', 'nasal itching', 'decongestant spray/tablets', '19 million people', 'Rapid relief', 'relevant improvements', 'value-added medicines', 'significant advantages', 'available alternatives', 'initial phases', 'Sotalol IV', 'atrial fibrillation', 'Maxigesic® IV', 'Territorial Development', 'The Company', 'development strategy', 'development timelines', 'non-dilutive funding', 'public funding', 'product formulation', 'product candidate', 'sneezing fits', 'refundable grant', 'Regulated Information', 'research costs', 'economic life', 'technological innovation', 'Belgium', '08 June', '6 PM', 'HY-083', 'cause', 'inflammation', 'indication', 'runny', 'Minister', 'Economy', 'Digital', 'Agriculture', 'collaboration', 'DG06', 'Wallonia', 'support', 'expanded', 'footprint', 'recruitment', 'expertise', 'logistics', 'contrast', 'project', 'attempt', 'presence', '1 hour', 'day', 'rhinorrhoea', '3 phenotypes', 'antihistamines', 'corticosteroids', 'Patients', 'frustration', 'expenses', 'quality', 'payors', '16 reformulated', 'potential', 'commercialization', 'FDA', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'molecule', 'market', 'risks', 'LinkedIn']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25968,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIXIUM-VISION-16603793/news/Pixium-Vision-announces-receipt-of-1-8-million-from-the-French-Government-as-Research-Tax-Credit-44066171/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Pixium Vision announces receipt of  1.8 million from the French Government as Research Tax Credit,(marketscreener.com) Pixium Vision announces receipt of € 1.8 million from the French Government as Research Tax Credit €1.8 million research tax credit received on June 7  2023  to extend runway to the end of September 2023Lloyd Diamond participates at the O…,Pixium Vision announces receipt of € 1.8 million from the French Government as Research Tax Credit€1.8 million research tax credit received on June 7  2023  to extend runway to the end of September 2023Lloyd Diamond participates at the Octane Ophthalmology Tech ForumEdison published an updated analyst reportParis  France  June 8  2023 – 07:00 CET – Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641; Mnemo: ALPIX)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  announces today that it has received a € 1.8 million Research Tax Credit.This cash injection will help extend the company’s cash runway until the end of September 2023  providing more flexibility to pursue its longer-term funding needs to support its strategic ambitions.CEO Lloyd Diamond commented: “We remain convinced that the Prima System could offer real hope to Dry AMD (Geographic Atrophy) and retinal disease patients  and this cash injection will provide Pixium with enhanced resources strengthening our position in partnering discussions with investors. It is becoming increasingly evident that in the future  patients suffering from other profound central vision impairment should also be able to benefit from the Prima Bionic Vision System.” “The recent FDA breakthrough device designation granted this past March 2023 gives us further confidence in the potential of photovoltaic neurostimulation to restore vision in patients suffering from retinal degenerative diseases” he added.Pixium Vision continues to focus on their pivotal European study assessing the safety and clinical benefits of the wireless PRIMA System in patients with geographic atrophy due to age-related macular degeneration (GA-AMD). Having completed the required 38 implantations of the “PRIMAvera study” in late 2022  the top-line data are expected around year-end 2023 and EU market approval in 2024.Furthermore  Pixium Vision announces participation at the Octane Ophthalmology Tech Forum.EXPERIENCE: Partnership Pursuit: Physician & Entrepreneur Reception (by invite only) Thursday June 8th  4:30 – 5:30 pm PST - Mariner RoomLUNCH & EXPERIENCE: Capital and Growth Main Stage Presentation Friday  June 9 th 1:15 - 2:30 pm- Grand Ballroom Andrew Douglas  Partner  Knobbe Martens (Moderator)PANEL: Bringing Unmet Needs to Market Friday June 9th- 4:00 – 4:30 pm PST- Grand Ballroom Richard Lindstrom  MD  Minnesota Eye Consultants (Moderator)Lloyd Diamond  Chief Executive Officer of Pixium Vision  will give an in-person presentation - Registration for the conference is open here.In May 2023 Edision published an updated investment research report after the announcement of the annual report of Pixium Vision for 2022  the receipt of the Breakthrough Device Designation in the US and the subsequent conversion of ESGO  valuing Pixium Vision at €140 million. The report is available here.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Stanford University in California  Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The Company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.Forward-Looking Statements. This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risques”) section of the Company’s 2022 Half-Year Financial Report and other documents the Company files with the AMF  which is available on the AMF website (www.amf- france.org) or on the Company’s website.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionFor more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsInvestor RelationsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officerinvestors@pixium-vision.comMedia RelationsRose Piquante ConsultingSophie BaumontSophie.baumont@rosepiquante-consulting.com+33 6 27 74 74 49Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.19,0.62,True,English,"['Research Tax Credit', 'Pixium Vision', 'French Government', 'receipt', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'recent FDA breakthrough device designation', 'other profound central vision impairment', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'Octane Ophthalmology Tech Forum', 'Grand Ballroom Andrew Douglas', 'Grand Ballroom Richard Lindstrom', '€1.8 million research tax credit', '€ 1.8 million Research Tax Credit', 'Growth Main Stage Presentation', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'Prima Bionic Vision System', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'wireless PRIMA System', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'retinal degenerative diseases', 'Minnesota Eye Consultants', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Facteurs de Risques', 'investment research report', 'longer-term funding needs', 'pivotal European study', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'EU market approval', '2022 Half-Year Financial Report', 'CEO Lloyd Diamond', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'retinal disease patients', 'photovoltaic neurostimulation', 'other documents', 'research partners', 'Dry AMD', 'person presentation', 'la Vision', 'PRIMAvera study', 'Unmet Needs', 'University hospital', 'financial condition', 'analyst report', 'annual report', 'French Government', 'independent lives', 'cash injection', 'strategic ambitions', 'real hope', 'Geographic Atrophy', 'clinical benefits', 'top-line data', 'Partnership Pursuit', 'Entrepreneur Reception', 'Mariner Room', 'Knobbe Martens', 'subsequent conversion', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Stanford University', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'reasonable assumptions', 'actual results', 'Risk Factors', 'Investor Relations', 'cash runway', 'numerous risks', 'france.org', 'bioelectronics company', 'AMF website', 'receipt', 'June', 'September', 'Edison', '07:00 CET', 'Mnemo', 'ALPIX', 'sight', 'flexibility', 'resources', 'position', 'discussions', 'investors', 'future', 'confidence', 'potential', 'safety', 'GA-AMD', '38 implantations', 'participation', 'EXPERIENCE', 'Physician', 'Thursday', 'LUNCH', 'Capital', 'Moderator', 'PANEL', 'Registration', 'conference', 'May', 'Edision', 'announcement', 'ESGO', 'world', 'academic', 'California', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'Entreprise', 'Bpifrance', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'information', 'pixium-vision', 'PixiumVision', 'Contacts', '4:30', '5:30', '2:30', '4:00']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25969,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CBO-TERRITORIA-9734884/news/Cbo-Territoria-CBo-Territoria-COMBINED-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-JUNE-7-2023-44067992/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Cbo Territoria :  CBo Territoria: COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF JUNE 7  2023,(marketscreener.com)  Press release – Regulated information Sainte-Marie  June 8  2023  10:45 a.m.COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF JUNE 7  2023Approval of all resolutions submitted by the Board of DirectorsGéraldine Neyret Gleizes joins the Board of Dire…,"Press release – Regulated informationSainte-Marie  June 8  2023  10:45 a.m.COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF JUNE 7  2023Approval of all resolutions submitted by the Board of DirectorsGéraldine Neyret Gleizes joins the Board of Directors as a Director and is appointed Group Chief Executive Officer by the BoardRenewal of Mr. Eric Wuillai's term of office as Chairman of the Board of DirectorsPayment of dividend of 0.24 euro per share on June 15 in cashThe Combined General Meeting of CBo Territoria shareholders  held on June 7 in Sainte-Marie (La Réunion) under the chairmanship of Mr. Eric Wuillai  approved all the resolutions presented by the Board of Directors with a quorum of 43.66% for the ordinary part and 43.40% for the extraordinary part  including in particular:the financial statements for the year ending December 31  2022  the appropriation of net income for the year  and the distribution of a dividend of 0.24 euro per share  to go ex-dividend on June 13 and be paid fully in cash on June 15  2023 the resolutions relating to the compensation of the Board of Directors' officers and members  including censors the appointment of Géraldine Neyret Gleizes as director  the renewal of Jérôme Goblet's term of office as director and Harold Cazal's term of office as censor and the renewal of financial delegations of competence granted to the Board of Directors.Shareholders dismissed resolutions that were submitted by a shareholder requesting an option for dividend payment in shares and were not approved by the Board of Directors.Appointment of Géraldine Neyret Gleizes as Chief Executive OfficerFollowing the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors convened today and decided to dissociate the functions of Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer. The Board appointed Géraldine Neyret Gleizes as Chief Executive Officer and renewed Eric Wuillai's term of office as Chairman of the Board of Directors  with effect from today.Commenting on her appointment  Géraldine Neyret Gleizes added: “I extend my thanks to the members of the Board of Directors for their support  and to Eric Wuillai for his guidance at this juncture. Since my appointment in 2020  I have come to recognize the vitality of Reunion Island and the relevance of the Group's development strategy  which is both a source of dynamism and growth in economic terms  but also committed to environmental and social issues. I am determined to pursue the course skillfully set by Eric Wuillai  together with the CBo Territoria's teams to meet new challenges in an increasingly demanding environment.”Géraldine Neyret Gleizes (40)  a graduate of ESSEC Business School  has occupied positions within the Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield Group for almost 14 years. She began her career in property investment in the Office division France  before leading the development of the So Ouest shopping center in Levallois-Perret  which was delivered in 2012. In 2013  she was appointed Head of Office Investments France  in charge of asset management for the Group's office portfolio and disposal policy. In 2017  she was appointed Head of Operations France where she implemented the value creation strategy for the property investment company's 20 or so major shopping centers. In August 2020  she was appointed Deputy Managing Director at CBo Territoria.Eric Wuillai  Chairman of CBo Territoria's Board of Directors  commented: “Today I feel both proud and privileged. Proud of the work accomplished over the past 20 years as Chairman of CBo Territoria to contribute to Reunion Island's economic development and privileged to hand over the reins to Géraldine Neyret Gleizes  who has been developing the Group alongside me for nearly three years  driven by the same passion and professionalism that unites our employees.”CBo Territoria's Board of Directors presently comprises 9 members and is supported by a censor. Women represent 55% of the Board of Directors and the proportion of independent members is 44%.Detailed voting results and the minutes of the Combined General Meeting will be accessible on the CBo Territoria website under Finance/Regulated information.2023 financial calendarFirst half 2023 results: Tuesday  September 12  2023 (after trading hours)About CBo Territoria (FR0010193979  CBOT)CBo Territoria  a leading real estate player in Reunion Island for nearly 20 years  has shifted into a multi-regional real estate company specializied in commercial assets (€300.6 million as of December 2022  i.e. 81% of its portfolio). The Group  which operates across the entire property value chain (land and property developer and investment property)  is developing thanks to its land reserves but also by acquiring land to be developed. CBo Territoria finances its growth strategy through development activities (either residential or tertiary) and  through the scheduled sale of its residual residential assets to the social and intermediate housing landlord SHLMR.CBo Territoria is a property investment company listed on Euronext Paris (compartment C) that is eligible for the PEA PME scheme.Responsible and committed to more sustainable property development from its inception  CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) is by nature in the company's DNA. Its commitment and actions have been recognised by the Gaïa-Index  the French benchmark index of the most virtuous small and micaps in terms of CSR. Since joining the index in 2016  CBo Territoria has remained at the top of its category.More information on cboterritoria.com(visit our new website)INVESTORS Contact personsCaroline Clapier – Chief Financial Officer - direction@cboterritoria.comAgnès Villeret - Komodo – Tel: 06 83 28 04 15 - agnes.villeret@agence-komodo.comPRESS Contact personsFinance - Agnès Villeret - agnes.villeret@agence-komodo.comCorporate - Paris: Dina Morin - dmorin@capvalue.frLa Réunion: Catherine Galatoire - cgalatoire@cboterritoria.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: l22bZsaZkmyUmZ1tYZuWmJJmaphmlWfJl2WcxGeeY8iYcHBhmJuUbJiaZnFhmGpo- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/80352-cbot_cp-post-ag-2023-v8062023_ang-vdef.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.17,0.2,True,English,"['COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'Cbo Territoria', 'JUNE', 'Géraldine Neyret Gleizes', 'leading real estate player', 'intermediate housing landlord SHLMR', 'Jérôme Goblet', 'So Ouest shopping center', 'multi-regional real estate company', 'entire property value chain', 'Group Chief Executive Officer', 'La Réunion', 'major shopping centers', 'COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'Annual General Meeting', 'ESSEC Business School', 'Detailed voting results', 'First half 2023 results', 'value creation strategy', 'property investment company', 'residual residential assets', 'Mr. Eric Wuillai', 'Deputy Managing Director', 'Office division France', 'Office Investments France', 'CBo Territoria website', 'CBo Territoria shareholders', 'investment property', 'Operations France', 'property developer', 'commercial assets', 'development strategy', 'Press release', 'Regulated information', 'ordinary part', 'financial statements', 'net income', 'Harold Cazal', 'financial delegations', 'Reunion Island', 'economic terms', 'new challenges', 'asset management', 'disposal policy', 'same passion', '2023 financial calendar', 'trading hours', 'scheduled sale', 'Euronext Paris', 'growth strategy', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield Group', 'The Group', 'economic development', 'development activities', 'social issues', 'past 20 years', 'three years', 'land reserves', 'independent members', 'office portfolio', ""Directors' officers"", 'The Board', '14 years', '9 members', 'Sainte-Marie', 'June', '10:45 a', 'Approval', 'resolutions', 'Renewal', 'Chairman', 'Payment', '0.24 euro', 'cash', 'quorum', 'December', 'appropriation', 'distribution', 'dividend', 'compensation', 'censors', 'appointment', 'competence', 'option', 'shares', 'functions', 'effect', 'today', 'thanks', 'support', 'guidance', 'juncture', 'vitality', 'relevance', 'source', 'dynamism', 'environmental', 'course', 'teams', 'demanding', 'graduate', 'positions', 'career', 'Levallois-Perret', 'Head', 'charge', 'August', 'work', 'reins', 'professionalism', 'employees', 'Women', 'proportion', 'minutes', 'Tuesday', 'CBOT', 'tertiary', 'compartment', '43']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25970,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/08/2684407/0/en/Pixium-Vision-announces-receipt-of-1-8-million-from-the-French-Government-as-Research-Tax-Credit.html,Pixium Vision announces receipt of € 1.8 million from the French Government as Research Tax Credit,Pixium Vision announces receipt of € 1.8 million from the French Government as Research Tax Credit     €1.8 million research tax credit received on June...,English FrenchPixium Vision announces receipt of € 1.8 million from the French Government as Research Tax Credit€1.8 million research tax credit received on June 7  2023  to extend runway to the end of September 2023Lloyd Diamond participates at the Octane Ophthalmology Tech ForumEdison published an updated analyst reportParis  France  June 8  2023 – 07:00 CET – Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641; Mnemo: ALPIX)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  announces today that it has received a € 1.8 million Research Tax Credit.This cash injection will help extend the company’s cash runway until the end of September 2023  providing more flexibility to pursue its longer-term funding needs to support its strategic ambitions.CEO Lloyd Diamond commented: “We remain convinced that the Prima System could offer real hope to Dry AMD (Geographic Atrophy) and retinal disease patients  and this cash injection will provide Pixium with enhanced resources strengthening our position in partnering discussions with investors. It is becoming increasingly evident that in the future  patients suffering from other profound central vision impairment should also be able to benefit from the Prima Bionic Vision System.” “The recent FDA breakthrough device designation granted this past March 2023 gives us further confidence in the potential of photovoltaic neurostimulation to restore vision in patients suffering from retinal degenerative diseases” he added.Pixium Vision continues to focus on their pivotal European study assessing the safety and clinical benefits of the wireless PRIMA System in patients with geographic atrophy due to age-related macular degeneration (GA-AMD). Having completed the required 38 implantations of the “PRIMAvera study” in late 2022  the top-line data are expected around year-end 2023 and EU market approval in 2024.Furthermore  Pixium Vision announces participation at the Octane Ophthalmology Tech Forum.EXPERIENCE: Partnership Pursuit: Physician & Entrepreneur Reception (by invite only) Thursday June 8th  4:30 – 5:30 pm PST - Mariner RoomLUNCH & EXPERIENCE: Capital and Growth Main Stage Presentation Friday  June 9 th 1:15 - 2:30 pm- Grand Ballroom Andrew Douglas  Partner  Knobbe Martens (Moderator)PANEL: Bringing Unmet Needs to Market Friday June 9th- 4:00 – 4:30 pm PST- Grand Ballroom Richard Lindstrom  MD  Minnesota Eye Consultants (Moderator)Lloyd Diamond  Chief Executive Officer of Pixium Vision  will give an in-person presentation - Registration for the conference is open here.In May 2023 Edision published an updated investment research report after the announcement of the annual report of Pixium Vision for 2022  the receipt of the Breakthrough Device Designation in the US and the subsequent conversion of ESGO  valuing Pixium Vision at €140 million. The report is available here.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Stanford University in California  Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The Company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.Forward-Looking Statements. This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risques”) section of the Company’s 2022 Half-Year Financial Report and other documents the Company files with the AMF  which is available on the AMF website (www.amf- france.org) or on the Company’s website.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionFor more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsInvestor RelationsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officerinvestors@pixium-vision.comMedia RelationsRose Piquante ConsultingSophie BaumontSophie.baumont@rosepiquante-consulting.com+33 6 27 74 74 49Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.07,0.92,True,English,"['Research Tax Credit', 'Pixium Vision', 'French Government', 'receipt', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'recent FDA breakthrough device designation', 'other profound central vision impairment', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'Octane Ophthalmology Tech Forum', 'Grand Ballroom Andrew Douglas', 'Grand Ballroom Richard Lindstrom', '€1.8 million research tax credit', '€ 1.8 million Research Tax Credit', 'Growth Main Stage Presentation', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'Prima Bionic Vision System', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'wireless PRIMA System', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'retinal degenerative diseases', 'Minnesota Eye Consultants', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Facteurs de Risques', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'investment research report', 'longer-term funding needs', 'pivotal European study', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'EU market approval', '2022 Half-Year Financial Report', 'analyst report Paris', 'CEO Lloyd Diamond', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'retinal disease patients', 'photovoltaic neurostimulation', 'other documents', 'research partners', 'Dry AMD', 'person presentation', 'la Vision', 'PRIMAvera study', 'Unmet Needs', 'University hospital', 'financial condition', 'annual report', 'English French', 'French Government', 'independent lives', 'cash injection', 'strategic ambitions', 'real hope', 'Geographic Atrophy', 'clinical benefits', 'top-line data', 'Partnership Pursuit', 'Entrepreneur Reception', 'Mariner Room', 'Knobbe Martens', 'subsequent conversion', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Stanford University', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'reasonable assumptions', 'actual results', 'Risk Factors', 'cash runway', 'numerous risks', 'bioelectronics company', 'AMF website', 'receipt', 'June', 'September', 'Edison', 'France', '07:00 CET', 'Mnemo', 'ALPIX', 'sight', 'flexibility', 'resources', 'position', 'discussions', 'investors', 'future', 'confidence', 'potential', 'safety', 'GA-AMD', '38 implantations', 'participation', 'EXPERIENCE', 'Physician', 'Thursday', 'LUNCH', 'Capital', 'Moderator', 'PANEL', 'Registration', 'conference', 'May', 'Edision', 'announcement', 'ESGO', 'world', 'academic', 'California', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'Entreprise', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'information', 'pixium-vision', 'PixiumVision', 'Contacts', '4:30', '5:30', '2:30', '4:00']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,globenewswire.com
25971,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-44066285/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 07 Jun 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7298 £ 23.6646 Estimated MTD return -0.09 % -0.06 % Estimated YTD return -3.74 % -3.12 % Estimated ITD return 167.30 % 136.65 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.19 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.71 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.6572 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.3513The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25972,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/08/2684415/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 07 Jun 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7298 £ 23.6646 Estimated MTD return -0.09 % -0.06 % Estimated YTD return -3.74 % -3.12 % Estimated ITD return 167.30 % 136.65 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.19 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.71 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.6572 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.3513The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,globenewswire.com
25973,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DON-T-NOD-ENTERTAINMENT-43444427/news/Don-t-Nod-Entertainment-DON-T-NOD-celebrates-15-years-of-creation-A-dedicated-Steam-event-and-44074402/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Don't Nod Entertainment :  DON'T NOD celebrates 15 years of creation! A dedicated Steam event and Harmony: The Fall of Reverie release,(marketscreener.com)  Paris  June 8th  2023 - DON'T NOD  an independent French studio that creates  develops  and publishes video games  is celebrating its 15th anniversary with a dedicated event on Steam and the release of Harmony: The Fall of Reverie.DON…,"Paris  June 8th  2023 - DON'T NOD  an independent French studio that creates  develops  and publishes video games  is celebrating its 15th anniversary with a dedicated event on Steam and the release of Harmony: The Fall of Reverie.DON'T NOD Chairman and CEO Oskar Guilbert said: “I am very happy and proud to be celebrating our 15th anniversary. I would like to warmly thank our teams for their passionate contribution to the development of our studio driven by their concern for quality and their innovative spirit. I would also like to thank our shareholders and partners for their strong and unwavering support  giving the studio the mean to achieve our ambition. We are now fully focused on the future with enthusiasm.Our rich pipeline of releases starts this week with the launch of our latest narrative experience  Harmony: The Fall of Reverie. We can't wait to see players dive into this extraordinary and wonderful journey so lovingly crafted by our talented teams.To be able to continue telling stories that captivate players worldwide is a privilege for all of us at DON'T NOD and we will continue pushing boundaries and delivering unforgettable gaming experiences. We can't wait to see the next 15!”From Remember Me and the Life is Strange series  to Tell Me Why and Vampyr  up to our newest narrative adventures; new players and established fans alike will be able to pick up DON'T NOD games at a discount of up to 80%. The DON'T NOD 15th birthday sale will run until June 15.Discover the DON'T NOD 15th Birthday Sale here: https://store.steampowered.com/sale/dontnod15thbirthdaysaleSimultaneously  DON'T NOD is launching its brand-new narrative game  Harmony: The Fall of Reverie. It is now available on Steam and Nintendo Switch with a launch discount of 10% and will come to PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X|S on June 22.A special Soundtrack Edition is also available exclusively on Steam! This bundle includes the game  Harmony: The Fall of Reverie  and its original soundtrack by award-winning composer Lena Raine.Watch the launch trailer of Harmony: The Fall of Reverie here: https://youtu.be/1Hz7y6PRchkIn Harmony: The Fall of Reverie  players will step into the shoes of Polly  a young woman returning home to look for her missing mother. On her journey  Polly discovers she has the gift of clairvoyance that connects her to another world  Reverie  where she becomes Harmony. Players must attempt to restore balance between our world and Reverie  the realm of the divine beings known as Aspirations: Glory  Bliss  Power  Chaos  Bond  and Truth.As Harmony  they will have to choose an Aspiration to be the new heart of humanity. Use the Augural to go from scene to scene  see into the future  and open new paths. Reverie is the place in which resources will be managed: crystals that Harmony gains from making decisions and bonding with Aspirations. These will unlock important nodes in the story and change the course of destiny.In addition to a captivating story  the game features a delightful cast of characters and a universe rich in lore to explore. It also boasts a colorful  lively  and futuristic aesthetic  and an outstanding original soundtrack created by the talented  award-winning composer  Lena Raine.To stay up to date with the latest news  visit our website.Follow DON'T NOD on Facebook  Twitter  and Instagram.About DON'T NODDON'T NOD is an independent French publisher and developer  based in Paris and Montreal  creating original narrative games in the adventure (LIFE is STRANGETM  TELL ME WHYTM  TWIN MIRRORTM)  RPG (VAMPYRTM)  and action (REMEMBER METM) genres. The studio is internationally renowned for unique narrative experiences with engaging stories and characters  and has worked with industry leading publishers Square Enix  Microsoft  Bandai Namco Entertainment  Focus Entertainment  and Capcom. DON'T NOD creates and publishes its own IPs developed in-house  as well as using its knowledge and experience to collaborate with third-party developers whose editorial visions parallel the company's own.Step into the studio's immersive and innovative universe at dont-nod.comDON'T NOD (ISIN code: FR0013331212 - ALDNE) is listed on Euronext Growth ParisDON'T NODOskar GuilbertChief Executive OfficerBenoît Gisbert MoraChief Financial Officerinvest@dont-nod.com ACTUS finance & communicationCorinne PuissantAnalyst/Investor relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 77 - dontnod@actus.frAnne-Catherine BonjourPress relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 93 - acbonjour@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mmhqlZZmY2yXnG+fZJtuZpNmam5lmGfKmmGalGRxaZydm5xkyJppmJTJZnFhmGxm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/80370-hmy_launch-dn-birthday-sale_uk-_vdef.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,positive,0.9,0.09,0.01,True,English,"['dedicated Steam event', 'The Fall', 'Reverie release', 'Entertainment', 'NOD', '15 years', 'creation', 'Harmony', ""DON'T NOD 15th Birthday Sale"", 'Benoît Gisbert Mora', 'A special Soundtrack Edition', 'Xbox Series X|S', ""DON'T NOD Chairman"", ""DON'T NOD games"", 'unforgettable gaming experiences', 'newest narrative adventures', 'independent French publisher', 'TELL ME WHYTM', 'unique narrative experiences', 'industry leading publishers', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'outstanding original soundtrack', 'original narrative games', 'Bandai Namco Entertainment', 'CEO Oskar Guilbert', 'brand-new narrative game', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'latest narrative experience', 'talented, award-winning composer', 'original press release', 'independent French studio', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'next press releases', '15th anniversary', 'video games', 'Press relations', 'latest news', 'Focus Entertainment', 'dedicated event', 'passionate contribution', 'innovative spirit', 'unwavering support', 'rich pipeline', 'talented teams', 'Nintendo Switch', 'Lena Raine', 'young woman', 'missing mother', 'divine beings', 'new heart', 'new paths', 'important nodes', 'delightful cast', 'futuristic aesthetic', 'TWIN MIRRORTM', 'REMEMBER METM', 'Square Enix', 'third-party developers', 'editorial visions', 'ISIN code', 'Investor relations', 'Anne-Catherine Bonjour', 'other releases', 'launch trailer', 'wonderful journey', 'captivating story', 'engaging stories', 'innovative universe', 'Regulated information', 'ACTUS finance', 'The DON', 'new players', 'launch discount', 'June', 'Steam', 'Harmony', 'Fall', 'Reverie.', 'development', 'concern', 'quality', 'shareholders', 'partners', 'strong', 'mean', 'ambition', 'future', 'enthusiasm', 'extraordinary', 'privilege', 'boundaries', 'Life', 'Vampyr', 'established', 'fans', 'PlayStation 5', 'bundle', 'Hz7y6PRchk', 'shoes', 'Polly', 'gift', 'clairvoyance', 'world', 'balance', 'realm', 'Aspirations', 'Glory', 'Bliss', 'Power', 'Chaos', 'Bond', 'Truth', 'humanity', 'Augural', 'scene', 'place', 'resources', 'crystals', 'decisions', 'course', 'destiny', 'addition', 'characters', 'lore', 'date', 'website', 'Facebook', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Montreal', 'STRANGETM', 'RPG', 'action', 'genres', 'Microsoft', 'Capcom', 'IPs', 'house', 'knowledge', 'company', 'immersive', 'ALDNE', 'communication', 'Tel.', 'acbonjour', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'hmy_launch', 'birthday-sale', 'email']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25974,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NKT-A-S-1412976/news/NKT-A-S-publishes-prospectus-and-initiates-rights-issue-44067938/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,NKT A/S publishes prospectus and initiates rights issue,(marketscreener.com) Company Announcement 8 June 2023 Announcement No. 20 NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDI…,NKT A/S publishes prospectus and initiates rights issue 06/08/2023 | 02:45am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Company Announcement 8 June 2023Announcement No. 20 NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. NKT A/S publishes prospectus and initiates rights issue NKT A/S (the Company or NKT) today announces the initiation of a rights issue (the Offering) at a subscription ratio of 1:4 and subscription price of DKK 255 per new share. The Offering comprises up to 10 744 009 new shares  which are issued with pre-emptive rights to subscribe for the new shares for the Company's existing shareholders. A prospectus regarding the Offering is available on the Company's website investors.nkt.com (subject to certain restrictions). The key terms of the Offering are the following: The Offering comprises up to 10 744 009 new shares with a nominal value of DKK 20 eachThe subscription price is DKK 255 per new shareThe gross proceeds of the Offering will be approximately DKK 2 740m assuming all new shares are subscribed for in the OfferingEach of the Company's existing shareholders will be allocated one (1) pre-emptive right for each one (1) existing share heldThe subscription ratio of the Offering is 1:4  meaning that four (4) pre-emptive rights will entitle the holder to subscribe for one (1) new shareExisting shares traded after 9 June 2023 at 5:00 p.m. CEST will be traded without pre-emptive rights  provided that the existing shares are traded with the customary two-day settlementThe pre-emptive rights can be traded in the period commencing on 12 June 2023 at 9:00 a.m. CEST and closing on 23 June 2023 at 5:00 p.m. CESTThe subscription period for new shares commences on 14 June 2023 at 9:00 a.m. CEST and closes on 27 June 2023 at 5:00 p.m. CESTAny pre-emptive rights that are not exercised during the subscription period will lapse with no value  and the holder of such pre-emptive subscription rights will not be entitled to compensation. Such remaining shares may be subscribed for by eligible existing shareholders of the Company and qualified investors during the subscription periodBackground to the Offering and use of proceeds On 22 February 2023  the Company announced that the Board of Directors planned to seek shareholder approval for increasing the authorization to issue new shares with pre-emptive rights for existing shareholders at the Company's annual general meeting held on Thursday 23 March 2023. The proposal was approved as per company announcement no. 10 of 23 March 2023. As per the authorization granted on the annual general meeting  the authorization  valid until 22 March 2024  may be utilized to increase the Company's share capital with up to nominally DKK 429 760 360 (21 488 018 shares of DKK 20 each)  corresponding to a maximum of 50 percent of the existing shares. As informed in company announcement no. 18 of 24 May 2023  the Company intends to raise around EUR 350m by issuing new shares with pre-emptive rights for existing shareholders. This was based on the Company's current evaluated capital requirements. The Offering is expected to raise gross proceeds to the Company of approximately DKK 2 740m  assuming all new shares are subscribed for. The net proceeds to the Company from the Offering are expected to be approximately DKK 2 653m after deduction of costs and expenses payable by the Company in relation to the Offering  assuming all new shares are subscribed for. The net proceeds are to be applied towards investments in production and installation capacity in order to execute on NKT's current record-level high-voltage (HV) order backlog as well as meet anticipated future customer demand. Further  it will strengthen the capital base in order to provide the Company with improved balance sheet flexibility (for instance when NKT issues guarantees  which customers typically require as security under HV power cable projects). Combined with the Company's strategic direction  the net proceeds from a successful Offering are expected to support the Company's commitment to a robust capital structure and its targeted leverage ratio of up to 0.0x and a solvency ratio of above 30 percent. Investing in production and installation capacity to meet expected future demand The HV power cable market has grown significantly in recent years and the market outlook remains positive driven by the transition to renewable energy and the continuing electrification of societies. NKT estimates that the average addressable HV power cable market measured as projects awarded was approx. EUR 5bn in 2021 and EUR 8bn in 2022. NKT estimates that the value of projects awarded in its addressable HV power cable market to be at least EUR 8bn on average per year in 2023 and 2024. In recent years  NKT has invested in its HV production and execution capabilities and capacity on the back of a growing HV order backlog. As part of its strategy  NKT aims to pursue continued profitable and responsible growth. In May 2023  TenneT  a major transmission system operator in the Netherlands and Germany  selected NKT to provide several 525 kV high-voltage direct current (HVDC) on- and offshore power cable systems under a multi-year framework agreement for Nederwiek 3 and Doordewind 1 & 2 offshore wind farms. The contracts for these projects will have a combined value of approx. EUR 1.5bn. Additional projects could be added under the framework agreement. With the orders recently awarded  NKT will initiate a new high-voltage investment program to improve turnkey capacity and capabilities  including a significant expansion of the production site in Karlskrona  Sweden  and a new market leading cable-laying vessel. The investment program will expectedly amount to approx. EUR 1bn between 2023 and 2026. The new assets will be operational from 2027. In addition  NKT will still have ongoing maintenance and less sizable investments in the business. Strengthen the financial foundation to execute on HV order backlog with growing project complexity and magnitude NKT has been awarded HV projects of approx. EUR 5bn in 2023 (market prices) and the HV order backlog for NKT was at EUR 7.0bn (market prices) on 31 March 2023. A strong capital base is expected to increase NKT's competitiveness related to sizable HV power cable projects and provide it with improved financial flexibility. With the anticipated investments  NKT plans to grow its Solutions business line further to make it an even larger part of NKT's operations. This will increase NKT's relative exposure to sizeable HV power cable projects and the associated risks. In addition  these projects will by nature lead to fluctuations in working capital due to the phasing of receipt of contractual milestone payments from customers. The increased order intake will also require NKT to be capable of ensuring higher levels of the guarantees that customers typically require as security under the projects and to have trading lines available to hedge its increased commodity price exposure. Sale of NKT PhotonicsOn 24 June 2022  the Company announced the entry into an agreement to divest NKT Photonics to Photonics Management Europe S.R.L  a 100 percent owned subsidiary of Hamamatsu Photonics K.K. (jointly Hamamatsu). On 2 May 2023  the Company received notification that Hamamatsu had been denied the requisite authorization under the Danish Investment Screening Act to acquire NKT Photonics  which is a condition to the completion of the sale. According to the decision adopted by the Danish Minister for Industry  Business  and Financial Affairs  Hamamatsu's acquisition of NKT Photonics would pose a threat to national security in Denmark. Therefore  as of the date of this announcement  there is a material risk that the divestment of NKT Photonics to Hamamatsu cannot close. The Company awaits Hamamatsu's further actions in response to the Danish FDI decision and  separately  the Company evaluates its options considering the decision. If the transaction does not proceed to closing  the Company will undertake a new strategic review of the ownership of NKT Photonics. Support from managementCertain members of the Company's Board of Directors and Executive Management who hold shares in the Company have indicated that they intend to exercise their pre-emptive rights. Prospective financial information and medium-term ambitionsAs further described in the prospectus  the Company maintains its present prospective financial information for the financial year ending 31 December 2023 and its medium-term ambitions as announced in company announcement no. 18 of 24 May 2023. Main terms of the OfferingBelow is a summary of the main terms of the Offering. Reference is made to the prospectus for a detailed description of the terms of the rights issue. The Offering: The Offering comprises up to 10 744 009 new shares with a nominal value of DKK 20 each with pre-emptive rights for the Company's existing shareholders.Subscription price: The new shares are offered at a subscription price of DKK 255 per new share.Subscription ratio: Each existing shareholder of the Company registered as such with VP Securities A/S ( Euronext Securities Copenhagen ) on 13 June 2023 at 5:59 p.m. CEST will be allocated one (1) pre-emptive right per one (1) share held. The subscription ratio for the Offering is 1:4  which means that four (4) pre-emptive rights will entitle the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share with a nominal value of DKK 20 each.) on 13 June 2023 at 5:59 p.m. CEST will be allocated one (1) pre-emptive right per one (1) share held. The subscription ratio for the Offering is 1:4  which means that four (4) pre-emptive rights will entitle the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share with a nominal value of DKK 20 each. Trading in pre-emptive subscription rights: The pre-emptive rights can be traded on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S under the temporary ISIN code DK0062495826 during the period from 12 June 2023 at 9:00 CEST to 23 June 2023 at 5:00 p.m. CET.Subscription period: The subscription period for the new shares commences on 14 June 2023 at 9:00 a.m. CEST and closes on 27 June 2023 at 5:00 p.m. CEST. Any pre-emptive rights that are not exercised during this subscription period will lapse with no value  and the holder of such pre-emptive subscription rights will not be entitled to any compensation.Payment and delivery: Upon exercise of the pre-emptive subscription right  the holder must pay DKK 255 per new share subscribed for. Payment of the new shares shall be made in Danish kroner (DKK) on the date of subscription  however  no later than 27 June 2023 at 5:00 p.m. CEST.Remaining shares: New shares not subscribed for by exercise of a pre-emptive right before the expiry of the subscription period may be subscribed for by eligible existing shareholders or qualified investors  who before the expiry of the subscription period have made binding undertakings to subscribe for the remaining shares according to a separate application form contained in the prospectus. In case of oversubscription of remaining shares  such remaining shares will be allocated according to appointment keys determined by the Company's Board of Directors. The Offering is not underwritten by the Managers.Trading and official listing of new shares: After payment of the subscription price  the new shares will be issued in the temporary ISIN code DK0062495909 through Euronext Securities Copenhagen. The new shares will not be admitted to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S under the temporary ISIN code. The temporary ISIN code is registered in Euronext Securities Copenhagen solely for the subscription of the new shares.The new shares will be registered with the Danish Business Authority after the completion of the Offering  expectedly no later than 4 July 2023. The new shares are expected to be admitted to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S under the permanent ISIN code for the Company's existing shares DK0010287663 on 5 July 2023. The temporary ISIN code will be merged with the permanent ISIN code of the existing shares on 6 July 2023 after 5:59 p.m. CEST. Withdrawal of the Offering: The Offering may be withdrawn by the Company  subject to certain conditions  before registration of the capital increase relating to the new shares with the Danish Business Authority.If the Offering is withdrawn  any exercise of pre-emptive rights that has already taken place will be cancelled automatically. The subscription amount for the new shares will be refunded (less any transaction costs) to the last registered owner of the new shares as at the date of such withdrawal. All pre-emptive rights will lapse  and no new shares will be issued. Trades of pre-emptive rights executed during the rights trading period will  however  not be affected. Consequently  investors who have acquired pre-emptive rights will incur a loss corresponding to the purchase price of the pre-emptive rights and any transaction costs. Investors who have acquired new shares will receive a refund of the subscription amount for the new shares (less any transaction costs). Consequently  investors who have acquired new shares may incur a loss corresponding to the difference between the purchase price and the subscription price of the new shares and any related transaction costs. The Joint Global Coordinators  on behalf of the Managers  are entitled to terminate the rights issue agreement upon the occurrence of certain exceptional events and/or unpredictable circumstances. The rights issue agreement also contains conditions for completion  which the Company believes to be customary for offerings such as the Offering  and the completion of the Offering pursuant to the rights issue agreement is subject to compliance with all such conditions in the rights issue agreement. If one or more conditions for completion are not met  the Joint Global Coordinators  on behalf of the Managers  may  at their discretion  terminate the rights issue agreement which may thereby require that the Company withdraws the Offering. The Company is not liable for any losses that investors may suffer as a result of withdrawal of the Offering including but not limited to  any transaction costs or lost interest. Any such withdrawal will be notified via Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S. Lock-ups: Following the Offering  the Company and members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management will be subject to a 180-day lock-up  subject to certain exceptions.Expected timetable for the Offering The timetable for main events relating to the rights issue is as follows: Event Date Publication of prospectus 8 June 2023 Last trading day in existing shares including pre-emptive rights1) 9 June 2023 at 5:00 p.m. CEST First day of trading in existing shares excluding pre-emptive rights 12 June 2023 Rights trading period commences 12 June 2023 Allocation time of pre-emptive rights 13 June 2023 at 5:59 p.m. CEST Subscription period for new shares commences 14 June 2023 Rights trading period closes 23 June 2023 at 5:00 p.m. CEST Subscription period for the new shares closes 27 June 2023 at 5:00 p.m. CEST Expected publication of result of the Offering 29 June 2023 Allocation of new shares not subscribed for by existing shareholders (the remaining shares) 29 June 2023 Completion of the Offering  including settlement of the new shares 4 July 2023 Registration of the share capital increase regarding the new shares with the Danish Business Authority 4 July 2023 First day of trading and official listing of the new shares on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S under the ISIN code of the existing shares 5 July 2023 Expected merger of temporary and permanent ISIN codes 6 July 2023 after 5:59 p.m. CEST 1) Trading in shares after the last trading day in existing shares including pre-emptive rights on 9 June 2023 at 5:00 p.m. CEST will be exclusive of rights to receive pre-emptive rights for the buyer unless the parties to the trade in question have taken measures to settle the trade in Euronext Securities Copenhagen prior to the allocation time of pre-emptive rights on 13 June 2023 at 5:59 p.m. CEST and  thus  chosen not to settle according to the customary settlement cycle with settlement two trading days after the transaction date. TeleconferenceThe Company will host a teleconference for eligible investors and financial analysts on 8 June 2023 at 11.00 a.m. CEST. Participation in the teleconference requires registration via following link while the teleconference with access to ask questions can be accessed via following link. It can be accessed at investors.nkt.com (subject to certain restrictions). The presentation for the call will be available before the teleconference. Managers and legal advisorsDanske Bank A/S  J.P. Morgan SE and Nordea Danmark  filial af Nordea Bank Abp  Finland (collectively  the Joint Global Coordinators) are acting as joint global coordinators and joint bookrunners of the Offering  and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken  Danmark  filial af Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ.)  Sverige and Nykredit Bank A/S are acting as joint lead managers (collectively  together with the Joint Global Coordinators  the Managers). Kromann Reumert and Allen & Overy act as Danish and international legal advisors  respectively  to the Company. Gorrissen Federspiel Advokatpartnerselskab and Davis Polk & Wardwell act as Danish and international legal advisors  respectively  to the Managers. ProspectusFollowing publication  the prospectus containing detailed information on the Company and the Offering will  subject to certain restrictions  be available on the Company's website investors.nkt.com. Apart from information that is incorporated into the prospectus by reference  the contents of the website of the Company does not form part of the prospectus. ContactFor further information please contact:Investor Relations: Michael Nass Nielsen  Head of Investor Relations  tel.: +45 2494 1654Media Relations: Louise W. Naldal  Head of Group Communications  tel.: +45 2982 0022 Important disclaimer This company announcement contains forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks and uncertainties  in particular this announcement should not be construed as a confirmation neither that the Offering will complete  nor of the deal size or the price. Therefore  actual future results may differ materially from what is forecast in this report due to a variety of factors. This announcement is intended for the sole purpose of providing information. Persons needing advice should consult an independent financial adviser. This announcement does not constitute an investment recommendation. This announcement is not a prospectus and investors should not purchase any securities referred to in this announcement on the basis of this announcement. The information contained in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance may or should be placed by any person for any purposes whatsoever on the information contained in this announcement or on its completeness  accuracy or fairness. The information in this announcement is subject to change. No obligation is undertaken to update this announcement or to correct any inaccuracies  and the distribution of this announcement shall not be deemed to be any form of commitment on the part of the Company to proceed with any transaction or arrangement referred to herein. This announcement has not been approved by any competent regulatory authority. This announcement does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell or issue  or any solicitation of any offer to purchase or subscribe for any shares or any other securities nor shall it (or any part of it) or the fact of its distribution  form the basis of  or be relied on in connection with or act as an inducement to enter into  any contract or commitment whatsoever. The transactions described in this announcement and the distribution of this announcement and other information in connection with the transactions in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law and persons into whose possession this announcement  any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about  and observe  any such restrictions. In particular  this announcement does not contain or constitute an offer of  or the solicitation of an offer  to buy  sell or subscribe for securities to any person in the United States (including its territories and possessions  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia)  Australia  Canada  Japan or South Africa  or in any jurisdiction to whom or in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful (Excluded Territories). Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The securities referred to in this announcement have not been  and will not be  registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the U.S. Securities Act) or under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States  and may not be offered  sold  taken up  exercised  resold  pledged  renounced  delivered or otherwise transferred  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States absent registration except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and  in each case  in compliance with any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Subject to certain limited exceptions  the securities referred to in this announcement are only being offered and sold outside the United States. The securities referred to in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under any applicable securities laws of any state  province  territory  county or jurisdiction of the Excluded Territories. Accordingly  such securities may not be offered  sold  resold  taken up  exercised  renounced  transferred  delivered or distributed  directly or indirectly  in or into the Excluded Territories or any other jurisdiction if to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of  or require registration of such securities in  the relevant jurisdiction. There will be no public offer of securities in the United States or the Excluded Territories. Other than in respect of the offers of securities in Denmark contemplated by the prospectus relating to the Company  this announcement has been prepared on the basis that any offers of securities referred to herein in any Member State of the European Economic Area (EEA) or the United Kingdom will be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 on prospectuses (the Prospectus Regulation) from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of such securities. Other than in respect of offers of securities in Denmark contemplated by the prospectus relating to the Company  the information set forth in this announcement is only being distributed to  and directed at  persons in Member States of the EEA or the United Kingdom  other than Denmark  who are qualified investors (Qualified Investors) within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. In addition  in the United Kingdom  this announcement is only being communicated to  and is directed only at Qualified Investors (i) who are “investment professionals” falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the Order) (ii) high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a)-(d) of the Order or (iii) persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated  all such persons together being referred to as Relevant Persons. Under no circumstances should persons who are not Relevant Persons rely or act upon the contents of this announcement. Other than in respect of offers of securities in Denmark contemplated by the prospectus relating to the Company  any investment or investment activity to which this announcement relates is not available to and may not be engaged with  persons (i) in any Member States of the EEA who are not Qualified Investors  or (ii) in the United Kingdom who are not Relevant Persons. None of the Company  the Managers or any of their respective subsidiary undertakings  affiliates or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  advisers  agents or any other person accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for  or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the truth  accuracy  completeness or fairness of the information or opinions in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to the Company or associated companies  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. This announcement does not constitute an investment recommendation. The price and value of securities and any income from them can go down as well as up and you could lose your entire investment. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. Information in this announcement cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. Attachment NKT_publishes_prospectus_and_initiates_rights_issueAll news about NKT A/S 06/08 Transcript : NKT A/S - Special Call CI 06/08 NKT A/S publishes prospectus and initiates rights issue GL 06/08 Notification of major shareholding GL 06/06 NKT confirms turnkey power cable order for East Anglia THREE offshore wind farm GL 06/06 Denmark's NKT Set to Supply Power Cables for Offshore Wind Farm in Poland MT 06/06 NKT is finalizing the power cable contract for the first major offshore wind farm in Po.. AQ 06/06 NKT is finalizing the power cable contract for the first major offshore wind farm in Po.. GL 06/06 Nkt Is Finalizing the Power Cable Contract for the First Major Offshore Wind Farm in Po.. CI 05/30 Nkt A/s : wins turnkey project to renew part of the power grid in Stockholm for Ellevio PU 05/25 Nkt A/s : Sustainably mined and produced copper is the way forward in the transition to su.. PU Analyst Recommendations on NKT A/S 2022 Nkt A/s : improves sustainability rating PU,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.41,0.1,0.49,True,English,"['NKT A/S', 'rights issue', 'prospectus', 'average addressable HV power cable market', 'current record-level high-voltage (HV) order backlog', 'The HV power cable market', 'HV power cable projects', 'current evaluated capital requirements', 'multiple email addresses', 'customary two-day settlement', 'annual general meeting', 'balance sheet flexibility', 'robust capital structure', 'one (1) pre-emptive right', 'targeted leverage ratio', 'future customer demand', 'one (1) existing share', 'four (4) pre-emptive rights', 'one (1) new share', 'eligible existing shareholders', 'Such remaining shares', 'pre-emptive subscription rights', 'market outlook', 'share capital', 'future demand', 'capital base', 'subscription ratio', 'solvency ratio', 'rights issue', 'existing shares', 'subscription price', '10,744,009 new shares', 'Required fields', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'key terms', 'qualified investors', 'shareholder approval', 'strategic direction', 'recent years', 'renewable energy', 'continuing electrification', 'subscription period', 'gross proceeds', 'net proceeds', 'First name', 'nominal value', 'Thursday 23 March', 'NKT A/S', 'successful Offering', 'installation capacity', 'Company Announcement', '21,488,018 shares', '22 March', 'prospectus', 'commas', 'Message', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'initiation', 'DKK', 'website', 'restrictions', '9 June', 'CEST', '12 June', '9:00 a', '23 June', '14 June', '27 June', 'compensation', 'use', '22 February', 'Board', 'Directors', 'authorization', 'proposal', 'maximum', '50 percent', '24 May', 'EUR', 'deduction', 'costs', 'expenses', 'relation', 'investments', 'production', 'improved', 'instance', 'guarantees', 'customers', 'security', 'commitment', '0.0x', '30 percent', 'transition', 'societies', '5:00']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25975,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/08/2684435/0/en/NKT-A-S-publishes-prospectus-and-initiates-rights-issue.html,NKT A/S publishes prospectus and initiates rights issue,Company Announcement    8 June 2023 Announcement No. 20    NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN...,English DanishCompany Announcement8 June 2023Announcement No. 20NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.NKT A/S publishes prospectus and initiates rights issueNKT A/S (the Company or NKT) today announces the initiation of a rights issue (the Offering) at a subscription ratio of 1:4 and subscription price of DKK 255 per new share. The Offering comprises up to 10 744 009 new shares  which are issued with pre-emptive rights to subscribe for the new shares for the Company's existing shareholders. A prospectus regarding the Offering is available on the Company's website investors.nkt.com (subject to certain restrictions).The key terms of the Offering are the following:The Offering comprises up to 10 744 009 new shares with a nominal value of DKK 20 eachThe subscription price is DKK 255 per new shareThe gross proceeds of the Offering will be approximately DKK 2 740m assuming all new shares are subscribed for in the OfferingEach of the Company's existing shareholders will be allocated one (1) pre-emptive right for each one (1) existing share heldThe subscription ratio of the Offering is 1:4  meaning that four (4) pre-emptive rights will entitle the holder to subscribe for one (1) new shareExisting shares traded after 9 June 2023 at 5:00 p.m. CEST will be traded without pre-emptive rights  provided that the existing shares are traded with the customary two-day settlementThe pre-emptive rights can be traded in the period commencing on 12 June 2023 at 9:00 a.m. CEST and closing on 23 June 2023 at 5:00 p.m. CESTThe subscription period for new shares commences on 14 June 2023 at 9:00 a.m. CEST and closes on 27 June 2023 at 5:00 p.m. CESTAny pre-emptive rights that are not exercised during the subscription period will lapse with no value  and the holder of such pre-emptive subscription rights will not be entitled to compensation. Such remaining shares may be subscribed for by eligible existing shareholders of the Company and qualified investors during the subscription periodBackground to the Offering and use of proceedsOn 22 February 2023  the Company announced that the Board of Directors planned to seek shareholder approval for increasing the authorization to issue new shares with pre-emptive rights for existing shareholders at the Company's annual general meeting held on Thursday 23 March 2023. The proposal was approved as per company announcement no. 10 of 23 March 2023.As per the authorization granted on the annual general meeting  the authorization  valid until 22 March 2024  may be utilized to increase the Company's share capital with up to nominally DKK 429 760 360 (21 488 018 shares of DKK 20 each)  corresponding to a maximum of 50 percent of the existing shares.As informed in company announcement no. 18 of 24 May 2023  the Company intends to raise around EUR 350m by issuing new shares with pre-emptive rights for existing shareholders. This was based on the Company's current evaluated capital requirements.The Offering is expected to raise gross proceeds to the Company of approximately DKK 2 740m  assuming all new shares are subscribed for. The net proceeds to the Company from the Offering are expected to be approximately DKK 2 653m after deduction of costs and expenses payable by the Company in relation to the Offering  assuming all new shares are subscribed for.The net proceeds are to be applied towards investments in production and installation capacity in order to execute on NKT's current record-level high-voltage (HV) order backlog as well as meet anticipated future customer demand. Further  it will strengthen the capital base in order to provide the Company with improved balance sheet flexibility (for instance when NKT issues guarantees  which customers typically require as security under HV power cable projects). Combined with the Company's strategic direction  the net proceeds from a successful Offering are expected to support the Company's commitment to a robust capital structure and its targeted leverage ratio of up to 0.0x and a solvency ratio of above 30 percent.Investing in production and installation capacity to meet expected future demandThe HV power cable market has grown significantly in recent years and the market outlook remains positive driven by the transition to renewable energy and the continuing electrification of societies.NKT estimates that the average addressable HV power cable market measured as projects awarded was approx. EUR 5bn in 2021 and EUR 8bn in 2022. NKT estimates that the value of projects awarded in its addressable HV power cable market to be at least EUR 8bn on average per year in 2023 and 2024. In recent years  NKT has invested in its HV production and execution capabilities and capacity on the back of a growing HV order backlog. As part of its strategy  NKT aims to pursue continued profitable and responsible growth.In May 2023  TenneT  a major transmission system operator in the Netherlands and Germany  selected NKT to provide several 525 kV high-voltage direct current (HVDC) on- and offshore power cable systems under a multi-year framework agreement for Nederwiek 3 and Doordewind 1 & 2 offshore wind farms. The contracts for these projects will have a combined value of approx. EUR 1.5bn. Additional projects could be added under the framework agreement.With the orders recently awarded  NKT will initiate a new high-voltage investment program to improve turnkey capacity and capabilities  including a significant expansion of the production site in Karlskrona  Sweden  and a new market leading cable-laying vessel.The investment program will expectedly amount to approx. EUR 1bn between 2023 and 2026. The new assets will be operational from 2027. In addition  NKT will still have ongoing maintenance and less sizable investments in the business.Strengthen the financial foundation to execute on HV order backlog with growing project complexity and magnitudeNKT has been awarded HV projects of approx. EUR 5bn in 2023 (market prices) and the HV order backlog for NKT was at EUR 7.0bn (market prices) on 31 March 2023.A strong capital base is expected to increase NKT's competitiveness related to sizable HV power cable projects and provide it with improved financial flexibility.With the anticipated investments  NKT plans to grow its Solutions business line further to make it an even larger part of NKT's operations. This will increase NKT's relative exposure to sizeable HV power cable projects and the associated risks. In addition  these projects will by nature lead to fluctuations in working capital due to the phasing of receipt of contractual milestone payments from customers.The increased order intake will also require NKT to be capable of ensuring higher levels of the guarantees that customers typically require as security under the projects and to have trading lines available to hedge its increased commodity price exposure.Sale of NKT PhotonicsOn 24 June 2022  the Company announced the entry into an agreement to divest NKT Photonics to Photonics Management Europe S.R.L  a 100 percent owned subsidiary of Hamamatsu Photonics K.K. (jointly Hamamatsu). On 2 May 2023  the Company received notification that Hamamatsu had been denied the requisite authorization under the Danish Investment Screening Act to acquire NKT Photonics  which is a condition to the completion of the sale. According to the decision adopted by the Danish Minister for Industry  Business  and Financial Affairs  Hamamatsu's acquisition of NKT Photonics would pose a threat to national security in Denmark. Therefore  as of the date of this announcement  there is a material risk that the divestment of NKT Photonics to Hamamatsu cannot close. The Company awaits Hamamatsu's further actions in response to the Danish FDI decision and  separately  the Company evaluates its options considering the decision. If the transaction does not proceed to closing  the Company will undertake a new strategic review of the ownership of NKT Photonics.Support from managementCertain members of the Company's Board of Directors and Executive Management who hold shares in the Company have indicated that they intend to exercise their pre-emptive rights.Prospective financial information and medium-term ambitionsAs further described in the prospectus  the Company maintains its present prospective financial information for the financial year ending 31 December 2023 and its medium-term ambitions as announced in company announcement no. 18 of 24 May 2023.Main terms of the OfferingBelow is a summary of the main terms of the Offering. Reference is made to the prospectus for a detailed description of the terms of the rights issue.The Offering: The Offering comprises up to 10 744 009 new shares with a nominal value of DKK 20 each with pre-emptive rights for the Company's existing shareholders.Subscription price: The new shares are offered at a subscription price of DKK 255 per new share.Subscription ratio: Each existing shareholder of the Company registered as such with VP Securities A/S ( Euronext Securities Copenhagen ) on 13 June 2023 at 5:59 p.m. CEST will be allocated one (1) pre-emptive right per one (1) share held. The subscription ratio for the Offering is 1:4  which means that four (4) pre-emptive rights will entitle the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share with a nominal value of DKK 20 each.) on 13 June 2023 at 5:59 p.m. CEST will be allocated one (1) pre-emptive right per one (1) share held. The subscription ratio for the Offering is 1:4  which means that four (4) pre-emptive rights will entitle the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share with a nominal value of DKK 20 each. Trading in pre-emptive subscription rights: The pre-emptive rights can be traded on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S under the temporary ISIN code DK0062495826 during the period from 12 June 2023 at 9:00 CEST to 23 June 2023 at 5:00 p.m. CET.Subscription period: The subscription period for the new shares commences on 14 June 2023 at 9:00 a.m. CEST and closes on 27 June 2023 at 5:00 p.m. CEST. Any pre-emptive rights that are not exercised during this subscription period will lapse with no value  and the holder of such pre-emptive subscription rights will not be entitled to any compensation.Payment and delivery: Upon exercise of the pre-emptive subscription right  the holder must pay DKK 255 per new share subscribed for. Payment of the new shares shall be made in Danish kroner (DKK) on the date of subscription  however  no later than 27 June 2023 at 5:00 p.m. CEST.Remaining shares: New shares not subscribed for by exercise of a pre-emptive right before the expiry of the subscription period may be subscribed for by eligible existing shareholders or qualified investors  who before the expiry of the subscription period have made binding undertakings to subscribe for the remaining shares according to a separate application form contained in the prospectus. In case of oversubscription of remaining shares  such remaining shares will be allocated according to appointment keys determined by the Company's Board of Directors. The Offering is not underwritten by the Managers.Trading and official listing of new shares: After payment of the subscription price  the new shares will be issued in the temporary ISIN code DK0062495909 through Euronext Securities Copenhagen. The new shares will not be admitted to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S under the temporary ISIN code. The temporary ISIN code is registered in Euronext Securities Copenhagen solely for the subscription of the new shares.The new shares will be registered with the Danish Business Authority after the completion of the Offering  expectedly no later than 4 July 2023. The new shares are expected to be admitted to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S under the permanent ISIN code for the Company's existing shares DK0010287663 on 5 July 2023. The temporary ISIN code will be merged with the permanent ISIN code of the existing shares on 6 July 2023 after 5:59 p.m. CEST.Withdrawal of the Offering: The Offering may be withdrawn by the Company  subject to certain conditions  before registration of the capital increase relating to the new shares with the Danish Business Authority.If the Offering is withdrawn  any exercise of pre-emptive rights that has already taken place will be cancelled automatically. The subscription amount for the new shares will be refunded (less any transaction costs) to the last registered owner of the new shares as at the date of such withdrawal. All pre-emptive rights will lapse  and no new shares will be issued.Trades of pre-emptive rights executed during the rights trading period will  however  not be affected. Consequently  investors who have acquired pre-emptive rights will incur a loss corresponding to the purchase price of the pre-emptive rights and any transaction costs.Investors who have acquired new shares will receive a refund of the subscription amount for the new shares (less any transaction costs). Consequently  investors who have acquired new shares may incur a loss corresponding to the difference between the purchase price and the subscription price of the new shares and any related transaction costs.The Joint Global Coordinators  on behalf of the Managers  are entitled to terminate the rights issue agreement upon the occurrence of certain exceptional events and/or unpredictable circumstances. The rights issue agreement also contains conditions for completion  which the Company believes to be customary for offerings such as the Offering  and the completion of the Offering pursuant to the rights issue agreement is subject to compliance with all such conditions in the rights issue agreement. If one or more conditions for completion are not met  the Joint Global Coordinators  on behalf of the Managers  may  at their discretion  terminate the rights issue agreement which may thereby require that the Company withdraws the Offering.The Company is not liable for any losses that investors may suffer as a result of withdrawal of the Offering including but not limited to  any transaction costs or lost interest.Any such withdrawal will be notified via Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S.Lock-ups: Following the Offering  the Company and members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management will be subject to a 180-day lock-up  subject to certain exceptions.Expected timetable for the OfferingThe timetable for main events relating to the rights issue is as follows:Event Date Publication of prospectus 8 June 2023 Last trading day in existing shares including pre-emptive rights1) 9 June 2023 at 5:00 p.m. CEST First day of trading in existing shares excluding pre-emptive rights 12 June 2023 Rights trading period commences 12 June 2023 Allocation time of pre-emptive rights 13 June 2023 at 5:59 p.m. CEST Subscription period for new shares commences 14 June 2023 Rights trading period closes 23 June 2023 at 5:00 p.m. CEST Subscription period for the new shares closes 27 June 2023 at 5:00 p.m. CEST Expected publication of result of the Offering 29 June 2023 Allocation of new shares not subscribed for by existing shareholders (the remaining shares) 29 June 2023 Completion of the Offering  including settlement of the new shares 4 July 2023 Registration of the share capital increase regarding the new shares with the Danish Business Authority 4 July 2023 First day of trading and official listing of the new shares on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S under the ISIN code of the existing shares 5 July 2023 Expected merger of temporary and permanent ISIN codes 6 July 2023 after 5:59 p.m. CEST1) Trading in shares after the last trading day in existing shares including pre-emptive rights on 9 June 2023 at 5:00 p.m. CEST will be exclusive of rights to receive pre-emptive rights for the buyer unless the parties to the trade in question have taken measures to settle the trade in Euronext Securities Copenhagen prior to the allocation time of pre-emptive rights on 13 June 2023 at 5:59 p.m. CEST and  thus  chosen not to settle according to the customary settlement cycle with settlement two trading days after the transaction date.TeleconferenceThe Company will host a teleconference for eligible investors and financial analysts on 8 June 2023 at 11.00 a.m. CEST. Participation in the teleconference requires registration via following link while the teleconference with access to ask questions can be accessed via following link.It can be accessed at investors.nkt.com (subject to certain restrictions). The presentation for the call will be available before the teleconference.Managers and legal advisorsDanske Bank A/S  J.P. Morgan SE and Nordea Danmark  filial af Nordea Bank Abp  Finland (collectively  the Joint Global Coordinators) are acting as joint global coordinators and joint bookrunners of the Offering  and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken  Danmark  filial af Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ.)  Sverige and Nykredit Bank A/S are acting as joint lead managers (collectively  together with the Joint Global Coordinators  the Managers). Kromann Reumert and Allen & Overy act as Danish and international legal advisors  respectively  to the Company. Gorrissen Federspiel Advokatpartnerselskab and Davis Polk & Wardwell act as Danish and international legal advisors  respectively  to the Managers.ProspectusFollowing publication  the prospectus containing detailed information on the Company and the Offering will  subject to certain restrictions  be available on the Company's website investors.nkt.com. Apart from information that is incorporated into the prospectus by reference  the contents of the website of the Company does not form part of the prospectus.ContactFor further information please contact:Investor Relations: Michael Nass Nielsen  Head of Investor Relations  tel.: +45 2494 1654Media Relations: Louise W. Naldal  Head of Group Communications  tel.: +45 2982 0022Important disclaimerThis company announcement contains forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks and uncertainties  in particular this announcement should not be construed as a confirmation neither that the Offering will complete  nor of the deal size or the price. Therefore  actual future results may differ materially from what is forecast in this report due to a variety of factors.This announcement is intended for the sole purpose of providing information. Persons needing advice should consult an independent financial adviser. This announcement does not constitute an investment recommendation.This announcement is not a prospectus and investors should not purchase any securities referred to in this announcement on the basis of this announcement. The information contained in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance may or should be placed by any person for any purposes whatsoever on the information contained in this announcement or on its completeness  accuracy or fairness. The information in this announcement is subject to change. No obligation is undertaken to update this announcement or to correct any inaccuracies  and the distribution of this announcement shall not be deemed to be any form of commitment on the part of the Company to proceed with any transaction or arrangement referred to herein. This announcement has not been approved by any competent regulatory authority.This announcement does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell or issue  or any solicitation of any offer to purchase or subscribe for any shares or any other securities nor shall it (or any part of it) or the fact of its distribution  form the basis of  or be relied on in connection with or act as an inducement to enter into  any contract or commitment whatsoever. The transactions described in this announcement and the distribution of this announcement and other information in connection with the transactions in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law and persons into whose possession this announcement  any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about  and observe  any such restrictions.In particular  this announcement does not contain or constitute an offer of  or the solicitation of an offer  to buy  sell or subscribe for securities to any person in the United States (including its territories and possessions  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia)  Australia  Canada  Japan or South Africa  or in any jurisdiction to whom or in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful (Excluded Territories). Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The securities referred to in this announcement have not been  and will not be  registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the U.S. Securities Act) or under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States  and may not be offered  sold  taken up  exercised  resold  pledged  renounced  delivered or otherwise transferred  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States absent registration except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and  in each case  in compliance with any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Subject to certain limited exceptions  the securities referred to in this announcement are only being offered and sold outside the United States. The securities referred to in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under any applicable securities laws of any state  province  territory  county or jurisdiction of the Excluded Territories. Accordingly  such securities may not be offered  sold  resold  taken up  exercised  renounced  transferred  delivered or distributed  directly or indirectly  in or into the Excluded Territories or any other jurisdiction if to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of  or require registration of such securities in  the relevant jurisdiction. There will be no public offer of securities in the United States or the Excluded Territories.Other than in respect of the offers of securities in Denmark contemplated by the prospectus relating to the Company  this announcement has been prepared on the basis that any offers of securities referred to herein in any Member State of the European Economic Area (EEA) or the United Kingdom will be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 on prospectuses (the Prospectus Regulation) from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of such securities. Other than in respect of offers of securities in Denmark contemplated by the prospectus relating to the Company  the information set forth in this announcement is only being distributed to  and directed at  persons in Member States of the EEA or the United Kingdom  other than Denmark  who are qualified investors (Qualified Investors) within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.In addition  in the United Kingdom  this announcement is only being communicated to  and is directed only at Qualified Investors (i) who are “investment professionals” falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the Order) (ii) high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a)-(d) of the Order or (iii) persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated  all such persons together being referred to as Relevant Persons.Under no circumstances should persons who are not Relevant Persons rely or act upon the contents of this announcement. Other than in respect of offers of securities in Denmark contemplated by the prospectus relating to the Company  any investment or investment activity to which this announcement relates is not available to and may not be engaged with  persons (i) in any Member States of the EEA who are not Qualified Investors  or (ii) in the United Kingdom who are not Relevant Persons.None of the Company  the Managers or any of their respective subsidiary undertakings  affiliates or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  advisers  agents or any other person accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for  or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the truth  accuracy  completeness or fairness of the information or opinions in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to the Company or associated companies  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith.This announcement does not constitute an investment recommendation. The price and value of securities and any income from them can go down as well as up and you could lose your entire investment. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. Information in this announcement cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.18,0.18,0.64,True,English,"['NKT A/S', 'rights issue', 'prospectus', 'average addressable HV power cable market', 'current record-level high-voltage (HV) order backlog', 'growing HV order backlog', 'HV power cable projects', 'current evaluated capital requirements', 'English Danish Company Announcement', 'customary two-day settlement', 'annual general meeting', 'balance sheet flexibility', 'robust capital structure', 'one (1) pre-emptive right', 'targeted leverage ratio', 'future customer demand', 'one (1) existing share', 'four (4) pre-emptive rights', 'one (1) new share', 'eligible existing shareholders', 'Such remaining shares', 'pre-emptive subscription rights', 'market outlook', 'HV production', 'share capital', 'future demand', 'capital base', 'subscription ratio', 'solvency ratio', 'rights issue', 'existing shares', 'subscription price', '10,744,009 new shares', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'key terms', 'qualified investors', 'shareholder approval', 'strategic direction', 'recent years', 'renewable energy', 'continuing electrification', 'execution capabilities', 'continued profitable', 'responsible growth', 'subscription period', 'gross proceeds', 'net proceeds', 'nominal value', 'Thursday 23 March', 'NKT A/S', 'successful Offering', 'installation capacity', '21,488,018 shares', '22 March', 'June', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'prospectus', 'initiation', 'DKK', 'website', 'restrictions', 'CEST', '9:00 a', 'compensation', 'use', '22 February', 'Board', 'Directors', 'authorization', 'proposal', 'maximum', '50 percent', '24 May', 'EUR', 'deduction', 'costs', 'expenses', 'relation', 'investments', 'instance', 'guarantees', 'customers', 'security', 'commitment', '0.0x', '30 percent', 'expected', 'transition', 'societies', 'strategy', '5:00']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,globenewswire.com
25976,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOITEC-4695/news/SOITEC-CAPITAL-MARKETS-DAY-EXPANDING-OUR-SUSTAINABLE-VALUE-CREATION-MODEL-44066387/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,SOITEC CAPITAL MARKETS DAY EXPANDING OUR SUSTAINABLE VALUE-CREATION MODEL,(marketscreener.com) SOITEC CAPITAL MARKETS DAYEXPANDING OUR SUSTAINABLE VALUE-CREATION MODEL Soitec confirms its FY’26 strategic roadmap: revenue expected around US$2.1bn and EBITDA1 margin2 around 40%3  leading to a doubling of EBITDAExpanded ambitions beyo…,SOITEC CAPITAL MARKETS DAYEXPANDING OUR SUSTAINABLE VALUE-CREATION MODELSoitec confirms its FY’26 strategic roadmap: revenue expected around US$2.1bn and EBITDA 1 margin 2 around 40% 3   leading to a doubling of EBITDAExpanded ambitions beyond FY’26  with sustainable development at the heart of Soitec’s value-creation strategySoitec’s addressable markets to triple by 2030 fueled by fast-growing semiconductor demand  higher engineered substrates penetration and product portfolio expansionBernin (Grenoble)  France  June 8  2023 – Soitec (Euronext Paris)  a world leader in the design and manufacture of innovative semiconductor materials  is today hosting its 2023 Capital Markets Day in Paris. Chief Executive Officer Pierre Barnabé  with his management team  will provide an update on the execution of Soitec’s FY’26 strategic plan and share his vision for expanding Soitec’s sustainable value-creation model beyond FY’26.Pierre Barnabé  Soitec CEO  commented: “We are on track to deliver our objectives for fiscal year 2025-26 and ready to expand our sustainable value-creation ambitions beyond. Technology megatrends will continue to fuel massive demand for semiconductors  driving higher adoption of engineered substrates. By further broadening our product and technology portfolios  we expect our total addressable markets to triple by 2030  creating a unique opportunity to strengthen our global leadership in engineered substrates and capture a higher share of the semiconductor market. I am confident in the ability of our experienced  diverse and streamlined management team to capitalize on Soitec’s industry-leading expertise  strong innovation roadmap and critical value-chain positioning. Moreover  our robust financial fundamentals provide us with a strong platform to invest in future growth  expanding our innovation and industrial footprint.”“With this vision in mind  we are committed to leveraging our model to create value for all our stakeholders. Through innovation and across our operations  we are contributing to the transition towards a sustainable economy. Our governance practices are aligned with industry-leading standards. We are fully engaged to deliver a compelling and sustainable growth story towards 2030  and excited about the challenge that lies ahead ” added Pierre Barnabé.Semiconductor market entering accelerated growth phaseAs the field of electronics expands  semiconductor content will also continue to increase in existing consumer and industrial applications across Soitec’s three end-markets: Mobile communications (including 5G smartphones and infrastructure); Automotive & Industrial (autonomous  connected and electrified vehicles); and Smart devices (wearables  hearables  smart homes and datacenters). Growth will be driven by the explosion of data traffic enabled by 5G adoption  the exponential increase in computing power required by AI and the need for more energy-efficient solutions.Soitec to benefit from increasing requirement for engineered substratesThe global semiconductor industry currently consumes around 240 million wafers per year  with engineered substrates accounting for approximately 6% of the market  i.e. 5 million wafers. Engineered substrates are yet an increasingly critical enabler within the industry  bringing superior value at device and system levels  in Mobile communications  Automotive & Industrial and Smart devices. As a result  their market penetration is expected to increase significantly by 2030  driven by the improvements they bring in performance  energy-efficiency  integration and total cost of ownership.Soitec will continue to broaden its product portfolio  by strengthening its leadership in SOI (silicon-on-insulator) and expanding further into compound semiconductors – substrates based on POI (piezoelectric-on-insulator)  SmartSiC (silicon carbide) and GaN (gallium nitride) – while also preparing for future growth through new products.The combination of global semiconductor market growth with increased adoption of engineered substrates and its planned portfolio expansion underpins Soitec’s expectation of a threefold increase in its addressable markets to around 15 million wafers by 2030.To oversee its next phase of growth  Soitec also announces the promotion of its three divisional leaders to the Executive Committee: Jean-Marc Le Meil for Mobile communications  Emmanuel Sabonnadière for Automotive & Industrial  and Michael Reiha for Smart devices4.Soitec is well placed to address environmental challenges thanks to its industry-leading solutions delivering reduced electric-intensity wafers.Capitalizing on its global leadership in engineered substrates  the Group also aims to leverage its unique position in the value chain and high degree of customer intimacy to ensure that more of its products become market standards.Financial outlookSoitec confirms its FY’26 revenue target of around US$2.1 billion. The growth between FY’24 and FY’26 will be driven by the semiconductor market growth impacting each of its three end markets and the adoption of new engineered substrates beyond SOI (SmartSiC  POI and to a lesser extent GaN).EBITDA1 is expected to double in value and reach around 40% of revenue (at a euro-dollar exchange rate of $1.10)  supported by increased operating leverage and higher value-added products  while Soitec will continue to invest significantly in innovation.To support future growth through capacity expansion and innovation investments  cumulative capital expenditure is expected to reach around €1billon for the FY’24 to FY’26 period while improving post-tax return on capital employed from 20% in FY’23 to around 25% in FY’26.Soitec’s strong ambitions are supported by its robust financial fundamentals and sound balance sheet at the end of FY’23.# # #New Executive Committee members biographiesJean-Marc Le MeilJean-Marc Le Meil  Vice-President for Mobile communications Division  has over 30 years of experience in semiconductors. In 2022 he led the consolidation of three business units into the Mobile Communications division. Before joining Soitec in 1999  he held various managerial positions in process  yield and devices engineering at Matra MHS  Cypress Semiconductors and Atmel. Jean-Marc holds a master’s in Material Sciences from Polytech Nantes.Emmanuel SabonnadièreAs Vice-President for Automotive & Industrial  Emmanuel is notably in charge of Soitec’s strategic silicon carbide programme (SmartSiC). He previously served as chief executive of CEA-Leti (2017-2021) and held senior management positions at Philips Lighting  private equity firm Gimv  and General Cable. Emmanuel started his career at Schneider Electric and Alstom/Areva and holds a Physics PhD from Ecole centrale de Lyon  an IT Engineering degree from Université de Technologie de Compiègne and an MBA from Grenoble Graduate School of Management.Michael ReihaMichael Reiha  Vice-President for Smart devices  joined Soitec in 2019 as General Manager of the FD-SOI business unit. He previously served as a radio frequency integrated circuit (RFIC) designer at Fujitsu Semiconductor (2010-2012)  where he developed early LTE-Advanced RFIC blocks  and held various leadership roles at Nokia Technologies and Nokia Networks (2013-19). Michael Reiha holds a PhD from Delft University of Technology  a Master of Science in Electrical Engineering from the University of Michigan-Ann Arbor and an Applied Science bachelor’s from the University of Waterloo.# # #Soitec will host a Capital Markets Day in Paris on June 8th  2023  at 2:00pm CET. FY’23 results will be presented during this analysts and investors meeting  to be held in English.The live webcast and slide presentation will be available on:https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/soitec/20230608_1/# # #DisclaimerThis document is provided by Soitec (the “Company”) for information purposes only.The Company’s business operations and financial position are described in the Company’s 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document (which notably includes the 2021-2022 Annual Financial Report) which was filed on June 20  2022 with the French stock market authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers  or AMF) under number D.22-0523  as well as in the Company’s 2022-2023 half-year report released on November 23  2022. The French versions of the 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document and of the 2022-2023 half-year report  together with English courtesy translations for information purposes of both documents  are available for consultation on the Company’s website (www.soitec.com)  in the section Company - Investors - Financial Reports.Your attention is drawn to the risk factors described in Chapter 2.1 of the Company’s 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document.This document contains summary information and should be read in conjunction with the 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document and the 2022-2023 half-year report.This document contains certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements relate to the Company’s future prospects  developments and strategy and are based on analyses of earnings forecasts and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. By their nature  forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties as they relate to future events and are dependent on circumstances that may or may not materialize in the future. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of the Company’s future performance. The occurrence of any of the risks described in Chapter 2.1 of the Universal Registration Document may have an impact on these forward-looking statements. In addition  the future consequences of geopolitical conflicts  in particular the Ukraine / Russia situation  as well as rising inflation  may result in greater impacts than currently anticipated in these forward-looking statements.The Company’s actual financial position  results and cash flows  as well as the trends in the sector in which the Company operates may differ materially from those contained in this document. Furthermore  even if the Company’s financial position  results  cash-flows and the developments in the sector in which the Company operates were to conform to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  such elements cannot be construed as a reliable indication of the Company’s future results or developments.The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or make any correction to any forward-looking statement in order to reflect an event or circumstance that may occur after the date of this document. In addition  the occurrence of any of the risks described in Chapter 2.1 of the Universal Registration Document may have an impact on these forward-looking statements.This document does not constitute or form part of an offer or a solicitation to purchase  subscribe for  or sell the Company’s securities in any country whatsoever. This document  or any part thereof  shall not form the basis of  or be relied upon in connection with  any contract  commitment or investment decision.Notably  this document does not constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase  subscribe for or to sell securities in the United States. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from the registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”). The Company’s shares have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. Neither the Company nor any other person intends to conduct a public offering of the Company’s securities in the United States.# # #About SoitecSoitec (Euronext  Tech 40 Paris) is a world leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials. The company uses its unique technologies to serve the electronics markets. With more than 3 700 patents worldwide  Soitec’s strategy is based on disruptive innovation to meet its customers’ needs for high performance  energy efficiency and cost competitiveness. Soitec has manufacturing facilities  R&D centers and offices in Europe  the United States and Asia. Fully committed to sustainable development  Soitec adopted in 2021 its corporate purpose to reflect its engagements: “We are the innovative soil from which smart and energy efficient electronics grow into amazing and sustainable life experiences.”Soitec  SmartSiC™ and SmartCut™ are registered trademarks of Soitec.# # #For more information  please visit www.soitec.com and follow us on Twitter: @Soitec_OfficialInvestor Relations:investors@soitec.comMedia contacts:Isabelle Laurent+33 6 42 37 54 17 isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frFabrice Baron+33 6 14 08 29 81fabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.fr# # #Soitec is a French joint-stock corporation with a Board of Directors (Société Anonyme à Conseil d’administration) with a share capital of €71 178 834 having its registered office located at Parc Technologique des Fontaines - Chemin des Franques - 38190 Bernin (France)  and registered with the Grenoble Trade and Companies Register under number 384 711 909.# # #[1] The EBITDA represents operating income (EBIT) before depreciation  amortization  impairment of non-current assets  non-cash items relating to share-based payments  provisions for impairment of current assets and for contingencies and expenses  and disposals gains and losses. This alternative indicator of performance is a non-IFRS quantitative measure used to measure the company’s ability to generate cash from its operating activities. EBITDA is not defined by an IFRS standard and must not be considered an alternative to any other financial indicator.[2] EBITDA margin = EBITDA from continuing operations / Revenue.[3] EBITDA margin target of 40% is based on 1.10 Euro/ US Dollar exchange rate.[4] See biographies at the end of the press release.Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['SOITEC CAPITAL MARKETS DAY', 'SUSTAINABLE VALUE-CREATION MODEL', 'Chief Executive Officer Pierre Barnabé', 'product portfolio expansion Bernin', 'SOITEC CAPITAL MARKETS DAY', 'higher engineered substrates penetration', 'global semiconductor market growth', '2023 Capital Markets Day', 'Jean-Marc Le Meil', 'Emmanuel Sabonnadière', 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'three divisional leaders', 'critical value-chain positioning', 'robust financial fundamentals', 'three end markets', 'growing semiconductor demand', 'reduced electric-intensity wafers', 'FY’26 strategic roadmap', 'FY’26 strategic plan', 'streamlined management team', 'total addressable markets', 'sustainable growth story', 'global semiconductor industry', 'SUSTAINABLE VALUE-CREATION MODEL', 'FY’26 revenue target', 'strong innovation roadmap', 'Executive Committee', 'market penetration', 'semiconductor content', 'higher share', 'three end-markets', 'sustainable development', 'value-creation strategy', 'massive demand', 'strong platform', 'sustainable economy', 'critical enabler', 'total cost', 'Financial outlook', 'global leadership', 'market standards', '240 million wafers', '5 million wafers', 'higher adoption', 'future growth', 'growth phase', 'world leader', 'Technology megatrends', 'technology portfolios', 'unique opportunity', 'experienced, diverse', 'industry-leading expertise', 'governance practices', 'industry-leading standards', 'existing consumer', 'Mobile communications', '5G smartphones', 'autonomous, connected', 'electrified vehicles', 'Smart devices', 'smart homes', 'data traffic', 'exponential increase', 'computing power', 'energy-efficient solutions', 'increasing requirement', 'system levels', 'silicon carbide', 'gallium nitride', 'threefold increase', 'next phase', 'Michael Reiha', 'environmental challenges', 'industry-leading solutions', 'unique position', 'high degree', 'customer intimacy', 'new e', 'superior value', 'value chain', 'Euronext Paris', 'fiscal year', '5G adoption', 'compound semiconductors', 'new products', 'industrial footprint', 'industrial applications', 'Soitec CEO', 'EBITDA', 'margin', 'doubling', 'ambitions', 'heart', 'Grenoble', 'France', 'design', 'manufacture', 'update', 'execution', 'track', 'objectives', 'ability', 'mind', 'stakeholders', 'operations', 'transition', 'compelling', 'accelerated', 'field', 'electronics', 'infrastructure', 'Automotive', 'wearables', 'hearables', 'datacenters', 'explosion', 'need', 'result', 'improvements', 'performance', 'energy-efficiency', 'integration', 'ownership', 'insulator', 'POI', 'SmartSiC', 'GaN', 'combination', 'expectation', 'promotion', 'Group']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25977,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INVENTIVA-34031212/news/Inventiva-and-Echosens-launch-joint-initiative-to-increase-NASH-awareness-and-access-to-screening-fo-44067851/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Inventiva and Echosens launch joint initiative to increase NASH awareness and access to screening for at-risk patients,(marketscreener.com) Daix   Long Island City / Paris and Waltham   June 8  2023 – Inventiva   a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatit…,Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States) / Paris (France) and Waltham (United States)  June 8  2023 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (“NASH”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs and Echosens  a high-technology company providing a comprehensive range of diagnostic solutions for liver health  today announce their collaboration in raising awareness about NASH and increase access to screening for patients at risk of developing NASH.NASH is a chronic and progressive metabolic liver disease that  if left undiagnosed and unmanaged  can lead to cirrhosis or liver cancer and may result in the need for a liver transplant. Although NASH is often described as “silent”  patients with NASH do have an impaired quality of life1 and an increased risk of cardiovascular and liver-related complications2.With a global prevalence ranging from 1.5% to 6.45%3 and expected to increase 63% by 20303  there is an urgent need to diagnose patients at higher risk of progression. This is why Inventiva and Echosens are joining forces to provide easier access to screening using FibroScan® in local communities. This awareness and screening program will take place in about ten communities at risk for NASH in the United States and Europe  and will be supported by expert hepatologists and local patient and community organizations.Frédéric Cren  Chairman  CEO and cofounder of Inventiva  stated: “On this 6th annual edition of International NASH Day  we are extremely proud to join forces with Echosens in this effort to increase both NASH awareness and identification of patients at risk of developing NASH. A tremendous effort is still required to ensure that patients are not left undiagnosed and that they eventually receive the care that they need. We are delighted to combine our expertise in the development of potential therapies for NASH together with Echosens’ world-class know-how in NASH diagnosis  for this initiative that will shed further light on this disease and help screen and identify patients at risk of developing NASH.”“There is a pressing need for a broader adoption of non-invasive liver tests to increase the diagnosis rate and improve the care of people living with NASH. We  alongside with our partners  have a joint responsibility to shape a future where patients have access to easy diagnosis solutions and effective therapies” said Dominique Legros  CEO of Echosens. “We are very proud to partner with Inventiva to launch initiatives facilitating screening of NASH and increasing awareness of this disease among patients  healthcare providers and other stakeholders.”About NASHNon-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is the most severe form of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). It is a progressive metabolic liver disease characterised by fat accumulation and inflammation in the liver  which can lead to scarring  or fibrosis  and eventually end-stage liver disease and death. The risk of progression to advanced liver disease  including liver cancer  is higher in people with NASH than in the general population  and NASH is already the leading cause of waitlist registration and liver transplant in women in the United States4. Moreover  NASH increases the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases5. Known risk factors for NASH include dyslipidaemia  type 2 diabetes  obesity  metabolic syndrome and hypertension. There are currently no approved treatments for NASH globally  and people with NASH are left with very few management options.About EchosensPioneer in its field  Echosens significantly changed the practice of liver assessment with FibroScan®  the non-invasive solution for comprehensive management of liver health. For the past decade  FibroScan® has been recognized worldwide and validated by over 3 500 peer-reviewed publications and 160 international guidelines. Echosens has made FibroScan® available in over 100+ countries enabling millions of liver examinations worldwide.At Echosens we envision a future where…… liver health is at the core of total health … every medical professional has the necessary tools to measure the health of the liver  identify pathologies  and manage treatments simply  accurately and effectively … every patient has the right to receive information about their liver health in a simple  timely and easy-to-understand manner.www.echosens.comAbout InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH  mucopolysaccharidoses (“MPS”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signalling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA).www.inventivapharma.comContactsMedia InventivaPascaline Clerc  +1 240 620 9175 – media@inventivapharma.comTristan Roquet Montegon  +33 1 53 96 83 83 – inventiva@brunswickgroup.comInvestors InventivaPatricia L. Bank  +1 415 513 1284 – patti.bank@westwicke.comMedia EchosensElizabeth Mortek  +1 612 677 2025 – elizabeth@inprela.comImportant NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including design  duration  timing  recruitment costs  screening and enrolment for those trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH  the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes and the study with lanifibranor in patients with NAFLD and T2D  potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits of Inventiva’s product candidates  including lanifibranor  potential regulatory submissions and approvals  and Inventiva’s pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects of Inventiva  the potential receipt of the second tranche under the EIB loan and any potential transaction or receipt of additional funds  future access to the two-year short-term deposit  and the sufficiency of Inventiva’s cash resources and estimated cash runway. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “aim”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Future results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the changes to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the current geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines  health epidemics  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  rising interest rates  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 30  2023  and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30  2023 for other risks and uncertainties affecting Inventiva  including those described from time to time under the caption “Risk Factors”. Other risks and uncertainties of which Inventiva is not currently aware may also affect its forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above.1 Kennedy-Martin  T.  Bae  J.P.  Paczkowski  R. et al. Health-related quality of life burden of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis: a robust pragmatic literature review. J Patient Rep Outcomes 2  28 (2018). https://doi.org/10.1186/s41687-018-0052-72 Dulai PS  Singh S  Patel J  Soni M  Prokop LJ  Younossi Z  Sebastiani G  Ekstedt M  Hagstrom H  Nasr P  Stal P  Wong VW  Kechagias S  Hultcrantz R  Loomba R. Increased risk of mortality by fibrosis stage in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: Systematic review and meta-analysis. Hepatology. 2017 May;65(5):1557-1565. doi: 10.1002/hep.29085. Epub 2017 Mar 31. PMID: 28130788; PMCID: PMC5397356.3 Estes C  Razavi H  Loomba R  et al. Modeling the epidemic of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease demonstrates an exponential increase in burden of disease. Hepatology. 2018;67(1):123-133.4 Noureddin M  Vipani A  Bresee C  Todo T  Kim IK  Alkhouri N  Setiawan VW  Tran T  Ayoub WS  Lu SC  Klein AS  Sundaram V  Nissen NN. NASH Leading Cause of Liver Transplant in Women: Updated Analysis of Indications For Liver Transplant and Ethnic and Gender Variances. Am J Gastroenterol. 2018 Nov;113(11):1649-1659.5 Angulo P  Kleiner DE  Dam-Larsen S  et al. Liver fibrosis  but no other histologic features  associates with long-term outcomes of patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Gastroenterology. 2015;149(2):389-397.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.88,0.11,mixed,0.41,0.19,0.4,True,English,"['joint initiative', 'NASH awareness', 'risk patients', 'Inventiva', 'Echosens', 'access', 'screening', 'Frédéric Cren', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'progressive metabolic liver disease', 'non-alcoholic fatty liver disease', 'Long Island City', '6th annual edition', 'one clinical candidate', 'two preclinical programs', 'stage liver disease', 'advanced liver disease', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'non-invasive liver tests', 'easy diagnosis solutions', 'Echosens’ world-class know-how', 'International NASH Day', 'metabolic syndrome', 'medical professional', 'potential therapies', 'effective therapies', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'diagnostic solutions', 'non-invasive solution', '160 international guidelines', 'liver cancer', 'liver transplant', 'liver assessment', 'liver examinations', 'diagnosis rate', 'urgent need', 'pressing need', 'liver health', 'high-technology company', 'The Company', 'New York', 'United States', 'other diseases', 'comprehensive range', 'impaired quality', 'liver-related complications', 'global prevalence', 'local communities', 'ten communities', 'expert hepatologists', 'community organizations', 'broader adoption', 'joint responsibility', 'Dominique Legros', 'healthcare providers', 'other stakeholders', 'severe form', 'fat accumulation', 'general population', 'leading cause', 'waitlist registration', 'type 2 diabetes', 'management options', 'comprehensive management', 'past decade', '3,500 peer-reviewed publications', '100+ countries', 'necessary tools', 'nuclear receptors', 'transcription factors', 'epigenetic modulation', 'total health', 'Euronext Paris', 'local patient', 'tremendous effort', 'NASH diagnosis', 'cardiovascular diseases', 'strong expertise', 'easier access', 'screening program', 'higher risk', 'risk factors', 'NASH awareness', 'NASH.', 'Daix', 'France', 'Waltham', 'June', 'Inventiva', 'Nasdaq', 'development', 'treatment', 'patients', 'collaboration', 'chronic', 'cirrhosis', 'life1', 'progression', 'forces', 'FibroScan®', 'place', 'Europe', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'cofounder', 'identification', 'initiative', 'light', 'people', 'partners', 'future', 'NAFLD', 'inflammation', 'fibrosis', 'death', 'women', 'dyslipidaemia', 'obesity', 'hypertension', 'Pioneer', 'field', 'practice', 'millions', 'core', 'pathologies', 'right', 'information', 'manner', 'research', 'mucopolysaccharidoses', 'MPS', 'experience', 'domain', 'compounds', 'pipeline', '6.45']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25978,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/08/2684422/0/en/SOITEC-CAPITAL-MARKETS-DAY-EXPANDING-OUR-SUSTAINABLE-VALUE-CREATION-MODEL.html,SOITEC CAPITAL MARKETS DAY EXPANDING OUR SUSTAINABLE VALUE-CREATION MODEL,SOITEC CAPITAL MARKETS DAYEXPANDING OUR SUSTAINABLE VALUE-CREATION MODEL     Soitec confirms its FY’26 strategic roadmap: revenue expected around...,English FrenchSOITEC CAPITAL MARKETS DAYEXPANDING OUR SUSTAINABLE VALUE-CREATION MODELSoitec confirms its FY’26 strategic roadmap: revenue expected around US$2.1bn and EBITDA 1 margin 2 around 40% 3   leading to a doubling of EBITDAExpanded ambitions beyond FY’26  with sustainable development at the heart of Soitec’s value-creation strategySoitec’s addressable markets to triple by 2030 fueled by fast-growing semiconductor demand  higher engineered substrates penetration and product portfolio expansionBernin (Grenoble)  France  June 8  2023 – Soitec (Euronext Paris)  a world leader in the design and manufacture of innovative semiconductor materials  is today hosting its 2023 Capital Markets Day in Paris. Chief Executive Officer Pierre Barnabé  with his management team  will provide an update on the execution of Soitec’s FY’26 strategic plan and share his vision for expanding Soitec’s sustainable value-creation model beyond FY’26.Pierre Barnabé  Soitec CEO  commented: “We are on track to deliver our objectives for fiscal year 2025-26 and ready to expand our sustainable value-creation ambitions beyond. Technology megatrends will continue to fuel massive demand for semiconductors  driving higher adoption of engineered substrates. By further broadening our product and technology portfolios  we expect our total addressable markets to triple by 2030  creating a unique opportunity to strengthen our global leadership in engineered substrates and capture a higher share of the semiconductor market. I am confident in the ability of our experienced  diverse and streamlined management team to capitalize on Soitec’s industry-leading expertise  strong innovation roadmap and critical value-chain positioning. Moreover  our robust financial fundamentals provide us with a strong platform to invest in future growth  expanding our innovation and industrial footprint.”“With this vision in mind  we are committed to leveraging our model to create value for all our stakeholders. Through innovation and across our operations  we are contributing to the transition towards a sustainable economy. Our governance practices are aligned with industry-leading standards. We are fully engaged to deliver a compelling and sustainable growth story towards 2030  and excited about the challenge that lies ahead ” added Pierre Barnabé.Semiconductor market entering accelerated growth phaseAs the field of electronics expands  semiconductor content will also continue to increase in existing consumer and industrial applications across Soitec’s three end-markets: Mobile communications (including 5G smartphones and infrastructure); Automotive & Industrial (autonomous  connected and electrified vehicles); and Smart devices (wearables  hearables  smart homes and datacenters). Growth will be driven by the explosion of data traffic enabled by 5G adoption  the exponential increase in computing power required by AI and the need for more energy-efficient solutions.Soitec to benefit from increasing requirement for engineered substratesThe global semiconductor industry currently consumes around 240 million wafers per year  with engineered substrates accounting for approximately 6% of the market  i.e. 5 million wafers. Engineered substrates are yet an increasingly critical enabler within the industry  bringing superior value at device and system levels  in Mobile communications  Automotive & Industrial and Smart devices. As a result  their market penetration is expected to increase significantly by 2030  driven by the improvements they bring in performance  energy-efficiency  integration and total cost of ownership.Soitec will continue to broaden its product portfolio  by strengthening its leadership in SOI (silicon-on-insulator) and expanding further into compound semiconductors – substrates based on POI (piezoelectric-on-insulator)  SmartSiC (silicon carbide) and GaN (gallium nitride) – while also preparing for future growth through new products.The combination of global semiconductor market growth with increased adoption of engineered substrates and its planned portfolio expansion underpins Soitec’s expectation of a threefold increase in its addressable markets to around 15 million wafers by 2030.To oversee its next phase of growth  Soitec also announces the promotion of its three divisional leaders to the Executive Committee: Jean-Marc Le Meil for Mobile communications  Emmanuel Sabonnadière for Automotive & Industrial  and Michael Reiha for Smart devices4.Soitec is well placed to address environmental challenges thanks to its industry-leading solutions delivering reduced electric-intensity wafers.Capitalizing on its global leadership in engineered substrates  the Group also aims to leverage its unique position in the value chain and high degree of customer intimacy to ensure that more of its products become market standards.Financial outlookSoitec confirms its FY’26 revenue target of around US$2.1 billion. The growth between FY’24 and FY’26 will be driven by the semiconductor market growth impacting each of its three end markets and the adoption of new engineered substrates beyond SOI (SmartSiC  POI and to a lesser extent GaN).EBITDA1 is expected to double in value and reach around 40% of revenue (at a euro-dollar exchange rate of $1.10)  supported by increased operating leverage and higher value-added products  while Soitec will continue to invest significantly in innovation.To support future growth through capacity expansion and innovation investments  cumulative capital expenditure is expected to reach around €1billon for the FY’24 to FY’26 period while improving post-tax return on capital employed from 20% in FY’23 to around 25% in FY’26.Soitec’s strong ambitions are supported by its robust financial fundamentals and sound balance sheet at the end of FY’23.# # #New Executive Committee members biographiesJean-Marc Le MeilJean-Marc Le Meil  Vice-President for Mobile communications Division  has over 30 years of experience in semiconductors. In 2022 he led the consolidation of three business units into the Mobile Communications division. Before joining Soitec in 1999  he held various managerial positions in process  yield and devices engineering at Matra MHS  Cypress Semiconductors and Atmel. Jean-Marc holds a master’s in Material Sciences from Polytech Nantes.Emmanuel SabonnadièreAs Vice-President for Automotive & Industrial  Emmanuel is notably in charge of Soitec’s strategic silicon carbide programme (SmartSiC). He previously served as chief executive of CEA-Leti (2017-2021) and held senior management positions at Philips Lighting  private equity firm Gimv  and General Cable. Emmanuel started his career at Schneider Electric and Alstom/Areva and holds a Physics PhD from Ecole centrale de Lyon  an IT Engineering degree from Université de Technologie de Compiègne and an MBA from Grenoble Graduate School of Management.Michael ReihaMichael Reiha  Vice-President for Smart devices  joined Soitec in 2019 as General Manager of the FD-SOI business unit. He previously served as a radio frequency integrated circuit (RFIC) designer at Fujitsu Semiconductor (2010-2012)  where he developed early LTE-Advanced RFIC blocks  and held various leadership roles at Nokia Technologies and Nokia Networks (2013-19). Michael Reiha holds a PhD from Delft University of Technology  a Master of Science in Electrical Engineering from the University of Michigan-Ann Arbor and an Applied Science bachelor’s from the University of Waterloo.# # #Soitec will host a Capital Markets Day in Paris on June 8th  2023  at 2:00pm CET. FY’23 results will be presented during this analysts and investors meeting  to be held in English.The live webcast and slide presentation will be available on:https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/soitec/20230608_1/# # #DisclaimerThis document is provided by Soitec (the “Company”) for information purposes only.The Company’s business operations and financial position are described in the Company’s 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document (which notably includes the 2021-2022 Annual Financial Report) which was filed on June 20  2022 with the French stock market authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers  or AMF) under number D.22-0523  as well as in the Company’s 2022-2023 half-year report released on November 23  2022. The French versions of the 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document and of the 2022-2023 half-year report  together with English courtesy translations for information purposes of both documents  are available for consultation on the Company’s website (www.soitec.com)  in the section Company - Investors - Financial Reports.Your attention is drawn to the risk factors described in Chapter 2.1 of the Company’s 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document.This document contains summary information and should be read in conjunction with the 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document and the 2022-2023 half-year report.This document contains certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements relate to the Company’s future prospects  developments and strategy and are based on analyses of earnings forecasts and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. By their nature  forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties as they relate to future events and are dependent on circumstances that may or may not materialize in the future. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of the Company’s future performance. The occurrence of any of the risks described in Chapter 2.1 of the Universal Registration Document may have an impact on these forward-looking statements. In addition  the future consequences of geopolitical conflicts  in particular the Ukraine / Russia situation  as well as rising inflation  may result in greater impacts than currently anticipated in these forward-looking statements.The Company’s actual financial position  results and cash flows  as well as the trends in the sector in which the Company operates may differ materially from those contained in this document. Furthermore  even if the Company’s financial position  results  cash-flows and the developments in the sector in which the Company operates were to conform to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  such elements cannot be construed as a reliable indication of the Company’s future results or developments.The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or make any correction to any forward-looking statement in order to reflect an event or circumstance that may occur after the date of this document. In addition  the occurrence of any of the risks described in Chapter 2.1 of the Universal Registration Document may have an impact on these forward-looking statements.This document does not constitute or form part of an offer or a solicitation to purchase  subscribe for  or sell the Company’s securities in any country whatsoever. This document  or any part thereof  shall not form the basis of  or be relied upon in connection with  any contract  commitment or investment decision.Notably  this document does not constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase  subscribe for or to sell securities in the United States. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from the registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”). The Company’s shares have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. Neither the Company nor any other person intends to conduct a public offering of the Company’s securities in the United States.# # #About SoitecSoitec (Euronext  Tech 40 Paris) is a world leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials. The company uses its unique technologies to serve the electronics markets. With more than 3 700 patents worldwide  Soitec’s strategy is based on disruptive innovation to meet its customers’ needs for high performance  energy efficiency and cost competitiveness. Soitec has manufacturing facilities  R&D centers and offices in Europe  the United States and Asia. Fully committed to sustainable development  Soitec adopted in 2021 its corporate purpose to reflect its engagements: “We are the innovative soil from which smart and energy efficient electronics grow into amazing and sustainable life experiences.”Soitec  SmartSiC™ and SmartCut™ are registered trademarks of Soitec.# # #For more information  please visit www.soitec.com and follow us on Twitter: @Soitec_OfficialInvestor Relations:investors@soitec.comMedia contacts:Isabelle Laurent+33 6 42 37 54 17 isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frFabrice Baron+33 6 14 08 29 81fabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.fr# # #Soitec is a French joint-stock corporation with a Board of Directors (Société Anonyme à Conseil d’administration) with a share capital of €71 178 834 having its registered office located at Parc Technologique des Fontaines - Chemin des Franques - 38190 Bernin (France)  and registered with the Grenoble Trade and Companies Register under number 384 711 909.# # #[1] The EBITDA represents operating income (EBIT) before depreciation  amortization  impairment of non-current assets  non-cash items relating to share-based payments  provisions for impairment of current assets and for contingencies and expenses  and disposals gains and losses. This alternative indicator of performance is a non-IFRS quantitative measure used to measure the company’s ability to generate cash from its operating activities. EBITDA is not defined by an IFRS standard and must not be considered an alternative to any other financial indicator.[2] EBITDA margin = EBITDA from continuing operations / Revenue.[3] EBITDA margin target of 40% is based on 1.10 Euro/ US Dollar exchange rate.[4] See biographies at the end of the press release.Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['SOITEC CAPITAL MARKETS DAY', 'SUSTAINABLE VALUE-CREATION MODEL', 'Chief Executive Officer Pierre Barnabé', 'product portfolio expansion Bernin', 'SOITEC CAPITAL MARKETS DAY', 'higher engineered substrates penetration', 'global semiconductor market growth', '2023 Capital Markets Day', 'Jean-Marc Le Meil', 'Emmanuel Sabonnadière', 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'three divisional leaders', 'critical value-chain positioning', 'robust financial fundamentals', 'three end markets', 'growing semiconductor demand', 'reduced electric-intensity wafers', 'FY’26 strategic roadmap', 'FY’26 strategic plan', 'streamlined management team', 'total addressable markets', 'sustainable growth story', 'global semiconductor industry', 'SUSTAINABLE VALUE-CREATION MODEL', 'FY’26 revenue target', 'strong innovation roadmap', 'Executive Committee', 'market penetration', 'semiconductor content', 'higher share', 'three end-markets', 'sustainable development', 'value-creation strategy', 'massive demand', 'strong platform', 'sustainable economy', 'critical enabler', 'total cost', 'Financial outlook', 'global leadership', 'higher adoption', 'market standards', '240 million wafers', '5 million wafers', 'future growth', 'growth phase', 'English French', 'world leader', 'Technology megatrends', 'technology portfolios', 'unique opportunity', 'experienced, diverse', 'industry-leading expertise', 'governance practices', 'industry-leading standards', 'existing consumer', 'Mobile communications', '5G smartphones', 'autonomous, connected', 'electrified vehicles', 'Smart devices', 'smart homes', 'data traffic', 'exponential increase', 'computing power', 'energy-efficient solutions', 'increasing requirement', 'system levels', 'silicon carbide', 'gallium nitride', 'threefold increase', 'next phase', 'Michael Reiha', 'environmental challenges', 'industry-leading solutions', 'unique position', 'high degree', 'customer intimacy', '5G adoption', 'superior value', 'value chain', 'Euronext Paris', 'fiscal year', 'compound semiconductors', 'new products', 'industrial footprint', 'industrial applications', 'Soitec CEO', 'EBITDA', 'margin', 'doubling', 'ambitions', 'heart', 'Grenoble', 'France', 'June', 'design', 'manufacture', 'update', 'execution', 'track', 'objectives', 'ability', 'mind', 'stakeholders', 'operations', 'transition', 'compelling', 'accelerated', 'field', 'electronics', 'infrastructure', 'Automotive', 'wearables', 'hearables', 'datacenters', 'explosion', 'need', 'result', 'improvements', 'performance', 'energy-efficiency', 'integration', 'ownership', 'insulator', 'POI', 'SmartSiC', 'GaN', 'combination', 'expectation', 'promotion', 'Group']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,globenewswire.com
25979,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WIZZ-AIR-HOLDINGS-PLC-21163062/news/Wizz-Air-expects-return-to-profit-in-financial-2024-44067988/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Wizz Air expects return to profit in financial 2024,(marketscreener.com) Stocks in London were set to open flat on Thursday  with market sentiment cautious amid fears that interest rates have further to rise across the globe. Risk appetite had been damped on Wednesday as a slump in Chinese exports caused con…,"(Alliance News) - Stocks in London were set to open flat on Thursday  with market sentiment cautious amid fears that interest rates have further to rise across the globe.Risk appetite had been damped on Wednesday as a slump in Chinese exports caused concern about a global economic slowdown and another central bank enacted a surprise interest rate.The Bank of Canada defied expectations and lifted its benchmark rate  following in the footsteps of the Reserve Bank of Australia earlier this week.""With the Federal Reserve  ECB  and Bank of Japan due next week and this week's hikes pointing to further interest rate pain  bets about a Fed pause next week are being taken off the table over concern the Fed may well follow suit "" said CMC Markets' Michael Hewson.In early UK company news Thursday  M&G celebrated strong net inflows from its Wholesale Asset Management division in the first quarter  and Pershing Square announced a USD100.0 million share buyback. Wizz Air hailed its recently concluded year of ""significant growth""  expecting to return to net profit in the current financial year.Here is what you need to know at the London market open:----------MARKETS----------FTSE 100: called up 6.8 points  0.1%  at 7 631.14----------Hang Seng: up 7.7 points at 19 259.65Nikkei 225: closed down 0.9% at 31 641.27S&P/ASX 200: closed down 0.3% at 7 099.70----------DJIA: closed up 0.3%  at 33 665.02S&P 500: closed down 0.4% at 4 267.52Nasdaq Composite: closed down 1.3% at 13 104.90----------EUR: up at USD1.0736 (USD1.0705)GBP: flat at USD1.2457 (USD1.2459)USD: down at JPY139.75 (JPY139.85)Gold: down at USD1 947.04 per ounce (USD1 954.11)Oil (Brent): down at USD76.95 a barrel (USD77.24)(changes since previous London equities close)----------ECONOMICS----------Thursday's key economic events still to come:US President Joe Biden hosts UK PM Rishi Sunak at White House11:00 CEST EU gross domestic product11:00 IST Ireland consumer price index08:30 EDT US unemployment insurance weekly claims report16:30 EDT US foreign central bank holdings16:30 EDT US federal discount window borrowings----------UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak will meet President Joe Biden at the White House on Thursday for talks during which he will also voice unstinting support for Ukraine  as the young Conservative leader wages an often uphill battle to show the UK's post-Brexit relevance. Opening his two-day trip  Sunak announced that Britain would hold the world's first summit on artificial intelligence in the second half of the year. The Ukraine war is expected to dominate his conversations with Biden  with Britain joining the US in championing robust military support to Kyiv. The visit comes as Russia and Ukraine trade accusations over who blew up the large Kakhovka dam  triggering devastating floods. The US and Britain have not yet identified a culprit.----------The UK Financial Conduct Authority said it will introduce some ""tough"" new rules for marketing cryptoassets. The new advertising rules will come into play on October 8. They will mean crypto firms must ensure that people have the appropriate knowledge and experience to invest in crypto. Those promoting crypto must also put in place clear risk warnings and ensure adverts are clear  fair and not misleading.?As part of these measures  the UK watchdog said that ""refer a friend"" bonuses will be banned.----------BROKER RATING CHANGES----------Citigroup raises Rio Tinto to 'buy' (neutral) - price target 6 000 pence----------JPMorgan places Lloyds Banking on 'negative catalyst watch'----------JPMorgan places NatWest on 'positive catalyst watch'----------COMPANIES - FTSE 100----------London-based investment manager M&G said it started 2023 with strong momentum carried over from the previous year. At the end of March  its assets under management and administration edged up to GBP344 billion from GBP342 billion at the end of 2022. It saw net client outflows of GBP1.1 billion during the quarter. Excluding heritage  it saw net inflows of GBP400 million  which was down from GBP1.6 billion a year before. ""I am particularly encouraged by the GBP1.0 billion net client inflows achieved in Wholesale Asset Management in just three months. Thanks to this success  we more than offset the expected redemptions from institutional clients and drove inflows into high-margin propositions "" said CEO Andea Rossi.----------Bill Ackman's Pershing Square announced a share buyback programme for USD100.0 million of its shares on the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Amsterdam. ""The program is expected to be accretive to NAV per share and will reduce PSH's capital "" the investment company said.----------COMPANIES - FTSE 250----------Budget airline Wizz Air said its recent financial year ended March 31 was one of ""significant growth""  despite the hit from higher fuel prices and structural capacity issues at airports. Revenue more than doubled to EUR3.90 billion from EUR1.66 billion  as pretax loss narrowed to EUR5674.6 million from EUR641.5 million. Passengers increased 88% to 51.07 billion  while load factor improved to 87.8% from 78.1%. ""As we look ahead  we are optimistic for the current financial year and our focus continues to be on returning to net profit in [financial 2024] "" said CEO Jozsef Varadi. Trading in the first financial quarter has been strong  with load factors above 90% and ""attractive"" pricing  he added. Net profit is expected between EUR350 and EUR450 million in the whole year  subject to revenue performance over the summer and the second half. Wizz  like most airlines  has limited visibility for the second half  Varadi noted.----------OTHER COMPANIES----------PetroTal said vessels that provide services to the company are being affected by an ""illegal and violent"" river blockade by indigenous activists in Puinahua Canal in Peru. The Indigenous Association for Development & Conservation of Bajo Puinahua has been engaging in a blockade since Saturday  blocking all ships providing services to the firm - including barges that transport oil and vessels carrying critical camp supplies. ""Aidecobap is using aggressive actions which are endangering the lives of vessel crew and local residents. The blockade ignores the recently signed agreements "" the Alberta  Canada-based oil and gas company said. The indigenous rights group had instituted a blockade late last year  and had reportedly taken hostage the crew of a barge travelling to Brazil with crude oil bought from PetrolTal.----------Environmental campaigners will go to the UK High Court to challenge plans to begin gas drilling in rural Surrey. Campaigners from the group Protect Dunsfold and Waverley Borough Council are bringing legal action over a government decision to allow an exploratory oil and gas well to be dug near the village of Dunsfold in Surrey. UK Housing Minister Stuart Andrew approved the plans for UK Oil & Gas to explore a site in Dunsfold in June 2022. The proposed site is located in the Surrey Hills  in an area of great landscape value  and sits on the border of an area of outstanding natural beauty.----------By Elizabeth Winter  Alliance News senior markets reporterComments and questions to newsroom@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News Ltd. All Rights Reserved.",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.18,0.68,True,English,"['Wizz Air', 'return', 'profit', 'financial', 'US unemployment insurance weekly claims report', 'US federal discount window borrowings', 'UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak', 'The UK Financial Conduct Authority', 'GBP1.0 billion net client inflows', 'US foreign central bank holdings', 'EU gross domestic product', 'UK PM Rishi Sunak', 'Ireland consumer price index', ""CMC Markets' Michael Hewson"", 'USD100.0 million share buyback', 'Wholesale Asset Management division', 'early UK company news', 'US President Joe Biden', 'net client outflows', 'share buyback programme', 'global economic slowdown', 'key economic events', 'young Conservative leader', 'large Kakhovka dam', 'tough"" new rules', 'new advertising rules', 'negative catalyst watch', 'positive catalyst watch', 'CEO Andea Rossi', 'higher fuel prices', 'structural capacity issues', 'current financial year', 'recent financial year', 'robust military support', 'clear risk warnings', 'London-based investment manager', 'London Stock Exchange', 'surprise interest rate', 'interest rate pain', 'strong net inflows', 'London market open', 'previous London equities', 'BROKER RATING CHANGES', 'The Ukraine war', 'The US', 'Federal Reserve', 'UK watchdog', 'investment company', 'The Bank', 'Alliance News', 'net profit', 'price target', 'interest rates', 'benchmark rate', 'market sentiment', 'Risk appetite', 'unstinting support', 'strong momentum', 'previous year', 'Reserve Bank', 'Chinese exports', 'M&G', 'Pershing Square', 'Wizz Air', 'significant growth', 'Hang Seng', 'S&P/ASX', 'S&P 500', 'Nasdaq Composite', 'White House', 'uphill battle', 'post-Brexit relevance', 'two-day trip', 'first summit', 'artificial intelligence', 'second half', 'devastating floods', 'appropriate knowledge', 'Rio Tinto', 'Lloyds Banking', 'three months', 'institutional clients', 'high-margin propositions', 'Bill Ackman', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Budget airline', 'pretax loss', 'Fed pause', 'first quarter', 'crypto firms', 'Stocks', 'Thursday', 'fears', 'globe', 'Wednesday', 'slump', 'concern', 'Canada', 'expectations', 'footsteps', 'Australia', 'ECB', 'Japan', 'hikes', 'bets', 'table', 'suit', 'FTSE', 'Nikkei', 'DJIA', 'JPY13', 'Gold', 'ounce', 'Oil', 'Brent', 'ECONOMICS', '11:00 CEST', '16:30 EDT', 'talks', 'Britain', 'world', 'conversations', 'Kyiv', 'visit', 'Russia', 'accusations', 'culprit', 'marketing', 'cryptoassets', 'play', 'October', 'people', 'experience', 'place', 'adverts', 'part', 'measures', 'friend', 'bonuses', 'Citigroup', '6,000 pence', 'JPMorgan', 'NatWest', 'COMPANIES', 'March', 'administration', 'heritage', 'success', 'redemptions', 'shares', 'NAV', 'PSH', 'capital', 'airports', 'Revenue', '2022']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25980,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALD-35837978/news/Information-regarding-transactions-executed-within-the-framework-of-a-share-buyback-program-outside-44074303/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Information regarding transactions executed within the framework of a share buyback program (outside the liquidity agreement,(marketscreener.com) ALD reports share buyback transactions executed between 2 June 2023 and 8 June 2023  under Article 5 of Regulation No 596/2014 on Market Abuse Regulation and Article 3 of Delegated Regulation 2016/1052 supplementing Regulation No 596/2014…,ALD reports share buyback transactions executed between 2 June 2023 and 8 June 2023  under Article 5 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on Market Abuse Regulation and Article 3(3) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 through regulatory technical standards concerning the conditions applicable to buyback programs and stabilization measures.The transactions are part of the share buyback program authorized by the combined General Meeting dated 24 May 2023  a description of which is accessible on ALD website.The liquidity contract concluded with BNP Paribas Exane was temporarily suspended throughout the buyback period.Aggregate presentation (per day and market)Purchase of ALD shares from 2 June 2023 to 8 June 2023 Aggregated view Issuer’s name Issuer’s identifying code Transaction date Identifying code of financial instrument Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of shares Market (MIC code) ALD 969500E7V019H9NP7427 02/06/2023 FR0013258662 41 453 10.59254 XAMS ALD 969500E7V019H9NP7427 02/06/2023 FR0013258662 11 851 10.58784 CEUX ALD 969500E7V019H9NP7427 02/06/2023 FR0013258662 2 196 10.58583 TQEX ALD 969500E7V019H9NP7427 02/06/2023 FR0013258662 4 500 10.58909 AQEU ALD 969500E7V019H9NP7427 05/06/2023 FR0013258662 43 000 10.70745 XAMS ALD 969500E7V019H9NP7427 05/06/2023 FR0013258662 13 000 10.70519 CEUX ALD 969500E7V019H9NP7427 05/06/2023 FR0013258662 3 000 10.70507 TQEX ALD 969500E7V019H9NP7427 05/06/2023 FR0013258662 5 000 10.70321 AQEU ALD 969500E7V019H9NP7427 06/06/2023 FR0013258662 38 620 10.69254 XAMS ALD 969500E7V019H9NP7427 06/06/2023 FR0013258662 18 551 10.69046 CEUX ALD 969500E7V019H9NP7427 06/06/2023 FR0013258662 4 000 10.68670 TQEX ALD 969500E7V019H9NP7427 06/06/2023 FR0013258662 7 829 10.67353 AQEU ALD 969500E7V019H9NP7427 07/06/2023 FR0013258662 38 381 10.63803 XAMS ALD 969500E7V019H9NP7427 07/06/2023 FR0013258662 21 619 10.62798 CEUX ALD 969500E7V019H9NP7427 07/06/2023 FR0013258662 4 000 10.63106 TQEX ALD 969500E7V019H9NP7427 07/06/2023 FR0013258662 6 000 10.63055 AQEU ALD 969500E7V019H9NP7427 08/06/2023 FR0013258662 44 731 10.57923 XAMS ALD 969500E7V019H9NP7427 08/06/2023 FR0013258662 29 099 10.55496 CEUX ALD 969500E7V019H9NP7427 08/06/2023 FR0013258662 4 595 10.58518 TQEX ALD 969500E7V019H9NP7427 08/06/2023 FR0013258662 8 575 10.55490 AQEU TOTAL 350 000 10.6347The detailed presentation by transaction is available in Chapter 5 “Description of the buyback program and statement on the liquidity agreement” on ALD website: ALD Automotive > Investor relations > Publications and documents > Regulated Information.Press contactALD Automotive | LeasePlanStephanie JonvilleALD Communication DepartmentTel.: +33 (0)6 46 14 81 90stephanie.jonville@aldautomotive.comAboutALD Automotive | LeasePlanALD Automotive | LeasePlan is a leading global sustainable mobility player providing full-service leasing  subscription  fleet management services and multi-mobility solutions  as well as electric vehicle digital charging services  to a client base of large corporates  SMEs  professionals and private individuals. With the broadest coverage in 44 countries through direct presence  ALD Automotive | LeasePlan places sustainable mobility at the heart of its strategy  delivering innovative mobility and digital solutions to its clients  helping them focus on their everyday business.With 15 700 employees worldwide  ALD Automotive | LeasePlan manages 3.3 million vehicles (at endDecember 2022). ALD  whose majority shareholder is Societe Generale  is the listed company on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR0013258662; Ticker: ALD).Find out more at www.aldautomotive.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['share buyback program', 'liquidity agreement', 'Information', 'transactions', 'framework', 'electric vehicle digital charging services', 'Daily weighted average purchase price', 'leading global sustainable mobility player', 'identifying code Transaction date', 'Total daily volume', 'fleet management services', 'regulatory technical standards', 'combined General Meeting', 'BNP Paribas Exane', 'full-service leasing, subscription', 'ALD Communication Department', 'share buyback program', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'digital solutions', 'innovative mobility', 'MIC code', 'buyback programs', 'buyback period', 'stabilization measures', 'liquidity contract', 'financial instrument', 'liquidity agreement', 'Investor relations', 'Regulated Information', 'Press contact', 'multi-mobility solutions', 'client base', 'large corporates', 'private individuals', 'broadest coverage', 'direct presence', 'everyday business', '3.3 million vehicles', 'majority shareholder', 'Societe Generale', 'Compartment A', 'Euronext Paris', 'ALD reports', 'ALD website', 'XAMS ALD', 'CEUX ALD', 'TQEX ALD', 'ALD Automotive', 'Delegated Regulation', 'AQEU ALD', 'buyback transactions', 'detailed presentation', 'Stephanie Jonville', 'ALD shares', '2 June', '8 June', 'Article', 'conditions', 'description', 'Issuer', 'name', 'number', 'FR0013258662', 'Chapter', 'statement', 'Publications', 'documents', 'LeasePlan', 'Tel.', 'SMEs', 'professionals', '44 countries', 'heart', 'strategy', 'clients', '15,700 employees', 'endDecember', 'company', 'Ticker', 'Attachment', '33']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25981,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/teleperformance-applauded-by-frost--sullivan-for-enhancing-customer-care-with-a-strong-balance-of-automation-technology-and-empathy-and-with-its-leading-position-301843159.html,Teleperformance Applauded by Frost & Sullivan for Enhancing Customer Care with a Strong Balance of Automation  Technology  and Empathy and with Its Leading Position,Teleperformance shapes industry trends with a deep-rooted history of purpose-fit innovation that has impacted its role in the market  as seen by its incredible growth in Peru  doubling its YoY revenue from 2019 to 2022. SAN ANTONIO  June 8  2023 /PRNewswire/ …,"Teleperformance shapes industry trends with a deep-rooted history of purpose-fit innovation that has impacted its role in the market  as seen by its incredible growth in Peru  doubling its YoY revenue from 2019 to 2022.SAN ANTONIO  June 8  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Recently  Frost & Sullivan researched the customer experience (CX) outsourcing services industry and  based on its analysis results  recognizes Teleperformance with the 2023 Peru Company of the Year Award. The company leads in omnichannel CX  offering a comprehensive digital business services portfolio that leverages its patented technology and dynamic workforce to engage with clients. The company differentiates as the largest service provider in the Latin American (LATAM) CX outsourcing services market  where it became the revenue leader in 2020. With its best practices  proprietary solutions  growth performance  ongoing innovation  and sustained leadership  Teleperformance is set apart from competitors.Teleperformance's vision centers on enhancing the employee experience through technology and solutions  ""delivering an outstanding CX at every opportunity."" The company connects deep-seated domain and operational knowledge with advanced digital business services to deliver best-in-class CX outsourcing services. Leveraging a land-and-expand approach  Teleperformance capitalized on the Peruvian CX outsourcing market's nascence by establishing Teleperformance Peru (TP Peru) in 2017. While many companies have tried to develop the Peruvian nearshore market for years  only TP Peru has significantly succeeded  making it a pioneer in the space. Teleperformance helps customers achieve top performance and operational efficiency.According to Samantha Fisher  Best Practices Research Analyst at Frost & Sullivan  ""Teleperformance pioneered the industry's first multilingual hub that accommodates employees of various nationalities. Agents work from a single location while serving clients across various regions  enabling the company to maintain intimate client relationships.""With its visionary approach and commitment to sustainable practices  Teleperformance is well positioned as a market leader. Since its inception  Teleperformance has maintained a sterling reputation and customer-centric framework  leading to its coveted preferred partner status. The organization continues to excel and maintain its reputation as a preferred partner by delivering technology and human empathy through artificial intelligence  natural language processing  automation  voice assistants  chatbots  and self-service. Additionally  the company has deployed over 100 proprietary CX solutions and over 8 000 chatbots  a significant increase and demonstration of Teleperformance's robust digital services. The company leverages its talent to support development in Peru  while its portfolio  advanced technology  and comprehensive services well position it as the frontrunner in the CX outsourcing services market.""Teleperformance is a pioneer in the highly competitive CX outsourcing services market through its consistent innovation  revolutionary strategies  and market impact. Teleperformance stands apart as a strong leader and best-in-class employer that prioritizes employee well-being across the entire organization "" added Sebastian Menutti  Industry Principal at Frost & Sullivan. With its strong overall performance  Teleperformance earns the 2023 Frost & Sullivan Peru Company of the Year Award in the CX outsourcing services industry.Each year  Frost & Sullivan presents a Company of the Year award to the organization that demonstrates excellence in terms of growth strategy and implementation in its field. The award recognizes a high degree of innovation with products and technologies and the resulting leadership in terms of customer value and market penetration.Frost & Sullivan Best Practices Awards recognize companies in various regional and global markets for demonstrating outstanding achievement and superior performance in leadership  technological innovation  customer service  and strategic product development. Industry analysts compare market participants and measure performance through in-depth interviews  analyses  and extensive secondary research to identify best practices in the industry.About Frost & SullivanFor six decades  Frost & Sullivan has been world-renowned for helping investors  corporate leaders  and governments navigate economic changes and identify disruptive technologies  Mega Trends  new business models  and companies to action  resulting in a continuous flow of growth opportunities to drive future success. Contact us: Start the discussion.Contact:Tammy Chan[email protected]About Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  is a global leader in digital business services  blending the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster and safer for the world's biggest brands and their customers. The Group's comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including Trust and Safety services that help defend both online users and brand reputation. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. With more than 410 000 inspired and passionate people speaking more than 300 languages  the Group's global scale and local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2022  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 154 million (US$8.6 billion  based on €1 = $1.05) and net profit of €645 million. Visit the Group at www.teleperformance.com.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.SOURCE Frost & Sullivan",neutral,0.23,0.77,0.0,positive,0.63,0.37,0.0,True,English,"['Customer Care', 'Strong Balance', 'Leading Position', 'Teleperformance', 'Frost', 'Sullivan', 'Automation', 'Technology', 'Empathy', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio rang', 'LATAM) CX outsourcing services market', 'competitive CX outsourcing services market', 'comprehensive digital business services portfolio', 'class CX outsourcing services', 'advanced digital business services', 'CX outsourcing services industry', 'Best Practices Research Analyst', 'robust digital services', 'new business models', 'extensive secondary research', 'largest service provider', 'first multilingual hub', 'intimate client relationships', 'natural language processing', 'Best Practices Awards', 'enhanced customer care', 'Peruvian nearshore market', 'preferred partner status', 'strategic product development', '100 proprietary CX solutions', 'comprehensive services', 'strong overall performance', '2023 Frost & Sullivan Peru Company', 'Peruvian CX', 'customer service', 'omnichannel CX', 'outstanding CX', 'class employer', 'market leader', 'market impact', 'market penetration', 'market participants', 'sustainable practices', 'proprietary solutions', 'strong leader', 'customer experience', 'customer value', 'industry trends', 'Industry Principal', 'Industry analysts', 'advanced technology', 'deep-rooted history', 'incredible growth', 'YoY revenue', 'SAN ANTONIO', 'analysis results', 'dynamic workforce', 'Latin American', 'revenue leader', 'growth performance', 'employee experience', 'deep-seated domain', 'operational knowledge', 'expand approach', 'TP Peru', 'top performance', 'operational efficiency', 'Samantha Fisher', 'various nationalities', 'single location', 'various regions', 'visionary approach', 'customer-centric framework', 'human empathy', 'artificial intelligence', 'voice assistants', 'significant increase', 'revolutionary strategies', 'employee well-being', 'Sebastian Menutti', 'growth strategy', 'high degree', 'various regional', 'global markets', 'outstanding achievement', 'superior performance', 'depth interviews', 'six decades', 'corporate leaders', 'economic changes', 'Mega Trends', 'continuous flow', 'growth opportunities', 'future success', 'Tammy Chan', 'global leader', 'biggest brands', 'The Group', 'purpose-fit innovation', 'ongoing innovation', 'consistent innovation', 'technological innovation', 'Year Award', 'sustained leadership', 'resulting leadership', 'sterling reputation', 'disruptive technologies', 'TEP FP', '2023 Peru Company', 'many companies', 'entire organization', 'Teleperformance Peru', 'Teleperformance Group', 'role', 'PRNewswire', 'clients', 'competitors', 'opportunity', 'land', 'nascence', 'years', 'space', 'customers', 'employees', 'Agents', 'commitment', 'inception', 'coveted', 'automation', 'chatbots', 'self-service', 'demonstration', 'talent', 'frontrunner', 'pioneer', 'excellence', 'terms', 'implementation', 'field', 'products', 'analyses', 'investors', 'governments', 'action', 'discussion', 'Contact', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,prnewswire.com
25982,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/irish/crh-gets-shareholder-approval-to-move-stock-listing-to-new-york/a73281329.html,CRH gets shareholder approval to move stock listing to New York,CRH shareholders have approved the company’s plan to move its primary share listing to New York and abandon its place on the Irish Stock Exchange.,CRH shareholders have approved the company’s plan to move its primary share listing to New York and abandon its place on the Irish Stock Exchange.Investors overwhelmingly endorsed the board’s proposal  which will see CRH become a “de facto” American firm  at an extraordinary general meeting in Dún Laoghaire on Thursday.The main listing of the building materials giant will now transfer to the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in September. CRH will retain a secondary listing in London and its global headquarters will remain in Dublin.The move puts CRH in a better position to win government-funded infrastructure contracts in the US and will make American acquisitions easier  chief executive Albert Manifold said.“This allows us to position ourselves where we wanted to be with the extraordinary support coming through from the American government ” he said  adding that a primary listing on the NYSE would help CRH’s mergers and acquisitions strategy  too.CRH already earns 75pc of its profits in the American market and spent $3bn on acquisitions  much of it in the US.Mr Manifold said the company would now be on a level playing field with its American competitors in terms of getting access to American tax dollars. He also said the New York primary listing would allow CRH to make stock-for-stock deals – which are more tax efficient – to acquire smaller firms.“We have a good  strong pipeline of deals that are ahead of us ” he said. “It gives us basically more arrows in quiver as we look to buy businesses.”The departure of CRH will be a significant blow to Euronext  the pan-European exchange company that owns the Irish Stock Exchange.CRH is one of the largest and most heavily traded companies on Euronext Dublin and its absence will mean both a loss of trading income for local stockbrokers and a tax hit to the Exchequer.Flutter  the owner of Paddy Power and another heavyweight on the Irish Stock Exchange  is also moving its main listing to New York in a similar move to support its burgeoning business in the US.Euronext Dublin has struggled to attract new listings and initial public offerings in recent years  even as many UK-listed firms sought alternative listings in the European Union after Brexit.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.19,0.54,True,English,"['shareholder approval', 'stock listing', 'New York', 'CRH', 'chief executive Albert Manifold', 'de facto” American firm', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'New York primary listing', 'Dún Laoghaire', 'building materials giant', 'government-funded infrastructure contracts', 'level playing field', 'good, strong pipeline', 'initial public offerings', 'Irish Stock Exchange', 'primary share listing', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'many UK-listed firms', 'American tax dollars', 'pan-European exchange company', 'Mr Manifold', 'new listings', 'main listing', 'secondary listing', 'extraordinary support', 'American government', 'American market', 'American competitors', 'smaller firms', 'tax hit', 'American acquisitions', 'stock deals', 'global headquarters', 'significant blow', 'trading income', 'local stockbrokers', 'Paddy Power', 'burgeoning business', 'recent years', 'alternative listings', 'European Union', 'acquisitions strategy', 'similar move', 'Euronext Dublin', 'CRH shareholders', 'plan', 'place', 'Investors', 'board', 'proposal', 'Thursday', 'NYSE', 'September', 'London', 'position', 'mergers', '75pc', 'profits', 'terms', 'access', 'arrows', 'businesses', 'departure', 'largest', 'companies', 'absence', 'loss', 'Exchequer', 'Flutter', 'owner', 'heavyweight', 'Brexit']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,independent.ie
25983,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CLEAN-EARTH-ACQUISITIONS-136648361/news/Clean-Earth-Acquisitions-Alternus-Energy-Group-Plc-Announces-Investor-Presentation-Form-8-K-44072790/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230608,Clean Earth Acquisitions : Alternus Energy Group Plc Announces Investor Presentation - Form 8-K,(marketscreener.com)  Alternus Energy Group Plc Announces Investor Presentation   Dublin  Ireland - 8 June 2023 - Alternus Energy Group Plc   a Transatlantic renewable energy developer and operator  announces that it is attending the Roth MKM conference i…,"Alternus Energy Group Plc Announces Investor PresentationDublin  Ireland - 8 June 2023 - Alternus Energy Group Plc (""Alternus"" or the ""Company"") (OSE: ALT)  a Transatlantic renewable energy developer and operator  announces that it is attending the Roth MKM conference in London on 20-22 June 2023. The Company will be holding meetings at the conference in which the attached investor presentation will be presented. Additional information about the Company can be found in the attached Investor Presentation.About Alternus Energy Group PlcAlternus Energy Group Plc is an international vertically integrated independent power producer (IPP). Headquartered in Ireland  and listed on the Euronext Growth Oslo  the Company develops  installs  owns  and operates midsized utility scale solar parks. The Company also has offices in Rotterdam and the United States. For more information visit www.alternusenergy.com.About Clean Earth Acquisitions Corp.Clean Earth Acquisitions Corp. is a blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger  share exchange  asset acquisition  stock purchase  recapitalization  reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. For more information visit www.cleanearthacquisitions.com.Forward-Looking StatementsThis notice contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27A of the Securities Act and section 21E of the Exchange Act that are based on beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to the Alternus and Clean Earth. Certain statements included in this notice that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are sometimes accompanied by words such as ""believe "" ""may "" ""will "" ""estimate "" ""continue "" ""anticipate "" ""intend "" ""expect "" ""should "" ""would "" ""plan "" ""predict "" ""potential "" ""seem "" ""seek "" ""future "" ""outlook"" and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include  but are not limited to  statements regarding Alternus' growth  prospects and the market for solar parks and other renewable power sources. These statements are based on various assumptions  whether or not identified in this notice  and on the current expectations of the respective management teams of Alternus and Clean Earth and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as and must not be relied on by an investor as  a guarantee  an assurance  a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of Alternus and Clean Earth.These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  including: the impact of reduction  modification or elimination of government subsidies and economic incentives (including  but not limited to  with respect to solar parks); the impact of decreases in spot market prices for electricity; dependence on acquisitions for growth in Alternus' business; inherent risks relating to acquisitions and Alternus' ability to manage its growth and changing business; risks relating to developing and managing renewable solar projects; risks relating to PV plant quality and performance; risks relating to planning permissions for solar parks and government regulation; Alternus' need for significant financial resources (including  but not limited to  for growth in its business); the need for financing in order to maintain future profitability; the lack of any assurance or guarantee that Alternus can raise capital or meet its funding needs; Alternus' limited operating history; risks relating to operating internationally  include currency risks and legal  compliance and execution risks of operating internationally; the potential inability of the parties to successfully or timely consummate the proposed business combination; the risk that any regulatory approvals are not obtained  are delayed or are subject to unanticipated conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the proposed business combination; the approval of the stockholders of Clean Earth is not obtained; the risk of failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the proposed business combination; the amount of redemption requests made by Clean Earth's stockholders exceeds expectations or current market norms; the ability of Alternus or the combined company to obtain equity or other financing in connection with the proposed business combination or in the future; the outcome of any potential litigation  government and regulatory proceedings  investigations and inquiries; the risk that the proposed business combination disrupts current plans and operations as a result of the announcement and consummation of the Transaction; costs related to the proposed business combination; the impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic; the effects of inflation and changes in interest rates; an economic slowdown  recession or contraction of the global economy; a financial or liquidity crisis; geopolitical factors  including  but not limited to  the Russian invasion of Ukraine; global supply chain concerns; the status of debt and equity markets (including  market volatility and uncertainty); and other risks and uncertainties  including those risks to be included under the heading ""Risk Factors"" in the proxy statement to be filed by Clean Earth with the SEC and also those included under the heading ""Risk Factors"" in Clean Earth's final prospectus relating to its initial public offering dated February 23  2022 and Clean Earth's other filings with the SEC.In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements  you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by Alternus  Clean Earth their respective directors  officers  affiliates  advisers or employees (or any other person) that the Alternus and Clean Earth will achieve their objectives and plans in any specified time frame  or at all. The forward-looking statements in this notice represent the views of the Alternus and Clean Earth as of the date of this notice. Risks in addition to those set forth herein may also materialize or Clean Earth's and Alternus' assumptions prove incorrect  actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that neither Clean Earth nor Alternus presently know  or that neither Clean Earth nor Alternus currently believe are immaterial  that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition  forward-looking statements reflect Clean Earth's and Alternus Energy's expectations  plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this notice. Clean Earth and Alternus Energy anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause Clean Earth's and Alternus Energy's assessments to change. However  while Clean Earth and Alternus Energy may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future  Clean Earth and Alternus Energy specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. Neither Clean Earth nor Alternus anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause Clean Earth's and Alternus' assessments to change. However  while Clean Earth and Alternus may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future  Clean Earth and Alternus specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Clean Earth's or Alternus' assessments of any date subsequent to the date of this notice. Accordingly  undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements.Additional Information About the Proposed Business Combination and Where to Find ItIn connection with the Proposed Business Combination  Clean Earth intends to file relevant materials with the SEC  including a proxy statement. Clean Earth urges its investors  shareholders and other interested persons to read  when available  the proxy statement filed with the SEC and documents incorporated by reference therein because these documents will contain important information about Clean Earth  Alternus Energy and the Proposed Business Combination. The final proxy statement  a proxy card and other relevant documents will be mailed to the shareholders of Clean Earth as of the record date established for voting on the Proposed Business Combination and will contain important information about the Proposed Business Combination and related matters. Shareholders of Clean Earth and other interested persons are advised to read  when available  these materials (including any amendments or supplements thereto) and any other relevant documents in connection with Clean Earth's solicitation of proxies for the meeting of shareholders to be held to approve  among other things  the Proposed Business Combination because they will contain important information about Clean Earth  Alternus Energy and the Proposed Business Combination. Shareholders will also be able to obtain copies of the preliminary proxy statement  the final proxy statement and other relevant materials in connection with the transaction without charge  once available  at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or by directing a request to: Clean Earth Acquisition Corp.  Attention: Martha Ross  CFO & COO  telephone: (800) 508-1531. The information contained on  or that may be accessed through  the websites referenced in this Notice is not incorporated by reference into  and is not a part of  this notice.Participants in the SolicitationClean Earth  Alternus Energy and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from Clean Earth's shareholders in connection with the Proposed Business Combination. Information regarding the directors and executive officers of Clean Earth and their ownership of Clean Earth common stock is set forth in Clean Earth's definitive prospectus filed with the SEC on February 23  2022  in connection with Clean Earth's initial public offering. Information regarding the persons who may  under SEC rules  be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies to Clean Earth's shareholders in connection with the Proposed Business Combination will be s included in the proxy statement that Clean Earth intends to file with the SEC. Additional information regarding the interests of participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the Proposed Business Combination will be included in the proxy statement that Clean Earth intends to file with the SEC. You may obtain free copies of these documents at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or by directing a request to: Clean Earth Acquisitions Corp.  Attention: Martha Ross  CFO & COO  telephone: (800) 508-1531.No Offer or SolicitationThis notice is not a proxy statement or solicitation of a proxy  consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the proposed business combination and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities nor shall there be any sale of securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation  or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of the Securities Act.For More Information:Alternus Energy Investor Relationsir@alternusenergy.com+1 (913) 815-1557Clean Earth Acquisitions Corp.Matthew Devereauxinbound@cleanearthacquisitions.com+1 (800) 508-1531The Blueshirt Groupalternus@blueshirtgroup.com+1 (323) 240-5796",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.15,0.82,True,English,"['Alternus Energy Group Plc', 'Clean Earth Acquisitions', 'Investor Presentation', 'Form 8-K', 'United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'midsized utility scale solar parks', 'Transatlantic renewable energy developer', 'other renewable power sources', 'Alternus Energy Group Plc', ""Alternus' limited operating history"", 'Clean Earth Acquisitions Corp.', 'other similar business combination', 'independent power producer', 'renewable solar projects', 'safe harbor provisions', 'respective management teams', 'PV plant quality', 'significant financial resources', 'spot market prices', 'Securities Act', 'Roth MKM conference', 'blank check company', 'Many actual events', 'current market norms', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'potential litigation', 'Exchange Act', 'similar expressions', 'other financing', 'current plans', ""Alternus' business"", 'share exchange', 'asset acquisition', 'stock purchase', 'historical facts', 'historical matters', 'definitive statement', 'economic incentives', 'planning permissions', 'funding needs', 'legal, compliance', 'potential inability', 'regulatory approvals', 'unanticipated conditions', 'redemption requests', 'regulatory proceedings', ""Alternus' growth"", 'future events', 'current expectations', 'actual performance', ""Alternus' ability"", 'Investor Presentation', 'The Company', 'combined company', 'government subsidies', 'government regulation', 'Forward-Looking Statements', '20-22 June', 'illustrative purposes', 'future profitability', 'expected benefits', 'inherent risks', 'currency risks', 'execution risks', 'various assumptions', 'Additional information', '8 June', 'Dublin', 'Ireland', 'operator', 'London', 'meetings', 'attached', 'IPP', 'offices', 'Rotterdam', 'alternusenergy', 'merger', 'recapitalization', 'reorganization', 'businesses', 'entities', 'cleanearthacquisitions', 'notice', 'meaning', 'section', 'beliefs', 'words', 'outlook', 'trends', 'prospects', 'predictions', 'guarantee', 'assurance', 'probability', 'circumstances', 'control', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'impact', 'reduction', 'modification', 'elimination', 'decreases', 'electricity', 'dependence', 'changing', 'order', 'lack', 'parties', 'stockholders', 'failure', 'amount', 'equity', 'connection', 'outcome', 'investigations', 'inquiries', 'operations', 'result']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,marketscreener.com
25984,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/06/08/shares-tread-water-on-mixed-signals/,Mixed economic signals leave share values treading water,Dublin trade slow as CRH shareholders back Wall Street move,Shareholders listen as CRH chairman Richie Boucher addresses the group's extraordinary general meeting on Thursday  when a majority backed plans to move its primary listing to New York. Photograph Nick BradshawithThe Irish TimesMixed economic signals left markets treading water yesterday. Investors took positive signs from a cooling US jobs market while Canadian central bankers spooked some with an unexpected rate rise.DUBLINDealers said trade was slow on a day when the biggest news was confirmation that  pending High Court approval  CRH will leave Dublin Euronext in September  depriving the market of a long-standing heavyweight.Shareholders in the multinational building materials giant voted to switch its primary listing to New York from London. The group draws 75 per cent of its income from the US.CRH’s shares gained just short of 1 per cent to close at €46.65 on Thursday. Dealers acknowledged that the company’s listing move would be a big loss. “It’ll be a dark day for the Iseq ” said one.READ MOREAccountability for bankers and how it will work Listen | 46:11Housebuilder Glenveagh climbed 2.81 per cent to €1.089 on an upbeat trading statement indicating strong sales and a boost to planning permissions. The group is sticking with earnings guidance of 7½ to 8 cent a share for this year.Barryroe Offshore Energy’s stock sank a further 25.8 per cent to 1.15 cent after the explorer said it was axing plans to raise €20 million.Minister for the Environment Eamon Ryan recently refused to extend a lease allowing the company to drill an oil prospect off the south coast.Insulation and building materials specialist Kingspan shed 1.09 per cent to €63.80. Bank of Ireland rose 1 per cent to €9.336.LONDONBritain’s main stock index edged lower dragged by a slump in Vodafone shares.The mobile network was down 5.5 per cent at 74.15 pence sterling  its steepest one-day drop in weeks  retreating from a one-week high hit on Wednesday  following a Reuters report that the company and Hutchison are in the final stages of a merger agreement for their British operations.Supermarket Sainsbury shed 3.8 per cent to 267.5p. Home builder Crest Nicholson Holdings dropped 7.1 per cent to 231.6p after warning of a further slowdown in the British housing market.EUROPEEuropean shares dipped on Thursday as rate-sensitive technology shares slipped on expectations of further interest rate hikes by major central banks.Most observers expect the European Central Bank to hike borrowing rates further in a bid to ease inflation that has continued for two years.Gains in energy and drugmakers offset losses in technology. Novartis AG rose 1 per cent to 90.44 Swiss francs after saying its generic-drug unit Sandoz could add $3 billion (€2.8 billion) in sales over the next five years. Microchip maker ASML Holding NV lost 1.8 per cent  the biggest drag on the Stoxx 600 on Thursday.German biotech company Evotec jumped 8.4 per cent to €22.86 after Citigroup raised its rating on the stock to “buy” from “neutral”  on an attractive outlook.SBB  the company at the centre of Sweden’s property crisis  sank 9.3 per cent. The company was sent even further into junk territory by S&P Global Ratings  a move that will worsen the already severe funding crunch.NEW YORKThe tech-heavy Nasdaq 100 rose along with US Treasuries on Thursday after data showing US jobless claims surged more than expected last week. Investors are weighing likely Fed policy after central banks in Canada and Australia unexpectedly raised interest rates this week.The jump in jobless claims to the highest since October 2021 shows that the labour market  while largely resilient  is starting to show signs of cooling. That delivered a boost to the tech sector  which has been flagging under speculation that the Federal Reserve will keep interest rates higher for longer.Among individual movers  Carvana surged 26 per cent on second-quarter guidance  while Gamestop plunged 19 per cent after firing its chief executive and reporting sales that fell short of estimates. — Additional reporting: Bloomberg  Reuters,neutral,0.07,0.86,0.08,mixed,0.13,0.09,0.78,True,English,"['Mixed economic signals', 'share values', 'water', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'CRH chairman Richie Boucher', 'cooling US jobs market', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Photograph Nick Bradshaw', 'The Irish Times', 'Mixed economic signals', 'unexpected rate rise', 'High Court approval', 'multinational building materials', 'upbeat trading statement', 'Environment Eamon Ryan', 'building materials specialist', 'steepest one-day drop', 'one-week high hit', 'Crest Nicholson Holdings', 'ASML Holding NV', 'severe funding crunch', 'next five years', 'interest rate hikes', 'major central banks', 'Barryroe Offshore Energy', 'British housing market', 'Canadian central bankers', 'main stock index', 'US jobless claims', 'German biotech company', 'European Central Bank', 'rate-sensitive technology shares', 'British operations', 'European shares', 'two years', 'US Treasuries', 'labour market', 'interest rates', 'primary listing', 'New York', 'biggest news', 'standing heavyweight', 'big loss', 'Housebuilder Glenveagh', 'planning permissions', 'earnings guidance', '7½ to 8 cent', 'oil prospect', 'south coast', 'Vodafone shares', 'mobile network', '74.15 pence sterling', 'final stages', 'merger agreement', 'Supermarket Sainsbury', 'Home builder', 'Most observers', 'borrowing rates', 'Novartis AG', '90.44 Swiss francs', 'generic-drug unit', 'Microchip maker', 'biggest drag', 'attractive outlook', 'property crisis', 'junk territory', 'Fed policy', 'Federal Reserve', 'individual movers', 'second-quarter guidance', 'chief executive', 'Additional reporting', '75 per cent', '1 per cent', '1.8 per cent', 'positive signs', 'Dublin Euronext', 'listing move', 'dark day', 'Reuters report', 'strong sales', '25.8 per', 'Shareholders', 'group', 'Thursday', 'majority', 'plans', 'markets', 'water', 'Investors', 'Dealers', 'trade', 'confirmation', 'September', 'London', 'income', 'Iseq', 'READ', 'Accountability', 'boost', 'explorer', 'Minister', 'lease', 'Insulation', 'Kingspan', 'Ireland', 'Britain', 'slump', 'weeks', 'Wednesday', 'Hutchison', 'warning', 'slowdown', 'expectations', 'bid', 'inflation', 'Gains', 'drugmakers', 'losses', 'Sandoz', 'Stoxx', 'Evotec', 'SBB', 'centre', 'Sweden', 'data', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'jump', 'October', 'sector', 'speculation', 'Carvana', 'Gamestop', 'estimates', 'Bloomberg', '1.15', '09']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,irishtimes.com
25985,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.ibtimes.com.au/press-release/20230609/fifa-announces-ab-inbev-as-official-beer-sponsor-of-fifa-womens-world-cup-2023-and-fifa-world-cup-2026,FIFA Announces AB InBev as Official Beer Sponsor of FIFA Women’s World Cup 2023™ and FIFA World Cup 2026™,BRUSSELS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--#FutureWithMoreCheers--AB InBev (Euronext: ABI) (MEXBOL: ANB) (JSE: ANH) (NYSE: BUD)  the world’s leading brewer  has extended its nearly 40-year partnership with FIFA as the official beer sponsor of the FIFA Women’s World Cup 2023™…,BRUSSELS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--#FutureWithMoreCheers--AB InBev (Euronext: ABI) (MEXBOL: ANB) (JSE: ANH) (NYSE: BUD)  the world’s leading brewer  has extended its nearly 40-year partnership with FIFA as the official beer sponsor of the FIFA Women’s World Cup 2023™…,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Official Beer Sponsor', 'FIFA World Cup', 'AB InBev', 'Women', 'official beer sponsor', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'leading brewer', '40-year partnership', 'FIFA Women', 'World Cup', 'BRUSSELS', 'InBev', 'Euronext', 'ABI', 'MEXBOL', 'ANB', 'ANH', 'BUD']",2023-06-08,2023-06-09,ibtimes.com.au
25986,EuroNext,Bing API,http://markets.buffalonews.com/buffnews/article/bizwire-2023-6-9-aptorum-group-limited-announces-voluntary-delisting-from-euronext-paris,Aptorum Group Limited Announces Voluntary Delisting from Euronext Paris,Aptorum Group Limited (the “Company”) (NASDAQ:APM  Euronext Paris:APM) announced today that following a comprehensive review of the trading volume  costs and administrative requirements related to its listing on Euronext Paris ,Regulatory News:Aptorum Group Limited (the “Company”) (NASDAQ:APM  Euronext Paris:APM) announced today that following a comprehensive review of the trading volume  costs and administrative requirements related to its listing on Euronext Paris  it has decided to request the voluntary delisting of its shares (the “Aptorum Shares”) (ISIN KYG6096M1226) from Euronext Paris. The Board of Euronext has approved this request.Following the delisting from Euronext Paris  the Aptorum Shares will remain listed on the NASDAQ (the “NASDAQ”)  the Company’s primary listing exchange. Delisting the Aptorum Shares from Euronext Paris has no impact on the NASDAQ listing of Aptorum Shares.A voluntary sales facility procedure on Euronext Paris will be implemented by the Company for the benefit of its shareholders holding their Aptorum Shares through Euroclear France (the “Euronext Shareholders”)  in accordance with Euronext rules (the “Sales Facility”). Accordingly  the Euronext Shareholders will have the following options:decide not to participate in the voluntary sales facility and keep their Aptorum Shares  which they will be able to trade on Euronext Paris through and including the trading day prior to the delisting date  and thereafter  only on the NASDAQ; orparticipate in the voluntary sales facility described below and sell all or part of their Aptorum Shares on the NASDAQ.Euronext Shareholders not participatingEuronext Shareholders who do not wish to sell their Aptorum Shares pursuant to the Sales Facility  or otherwise have taken no action to tender their Aptorum Shares in the Sales Facility may only trade their Aptorum Shares on the NASDAQ following the delisting date. Any such holding and/or trade will be subject to the terms applied by their financial intermediary who will take the necessary steps to move their Aptorum Shares from Euroclear France to the relevant alternative central system for depositary.Participating Euronext ShareholdersEuronext Shareholders who wish to sell their Aptorum Shares on the NASDAQ pursuant to the Sales Facility must request their financial intermediaries to deliver their Aptorum Shares from June 15  2023 to June 28  2023 included  to Uptevia  acting as centralizing agent  pursuant to the procedure described in the applicable Euronext notice expected to be published on June 12  2023.The Aptorum Shares delivered to Uptevia will be sold on the NASDAQ  beginning on July 5  2023  by a broker  at market prices prevailing at the time of the sale.Uptevia will calculate the average sale price of the Aptorum Shares and will be in charge of transferring the sale proceeds to the participating Euronext Shareholders  calculated on the basis of the average sale price of the Aptorum Shares.The Company will pay the fees for the centralization and the brokerage fees related to the sale of Aptorum Shares on the NASDAQ delivered to Uptevia and sold pursuant to the Sales Facility.Euronext Shareholders are reminded that they may tender their Aptorum Shares in the Sales Facility on a voluntary basis.No assurance can be given by the Company or Uptevia as to the price at which the Aptorum Shares will actually be sold on the NASDAQ or the actual average sale price. This process is being implemented solely as an option to Euronext Shareholders and participation is not mandatory. Individual investors may thus determine not to participate in this process or may decide not to take any action in which case no assurance may be given as to the terms that will be applied by their financial intermediary in connection with or after the delisting from Euronext Paris. Individual investors are invited to consult their own investment advisors before making a decision to participate or not in this process.The timetable of the Sales Facility and the delisting described above may be summarized as follows (it being specified that the Company reserves the right to amend this timetable at any time  in its sole discretion):Sales Facility Beginning of the Sales Facility June 15  2023 End of the Sales Facility June 28  2023 End of the centralization by Uptevia June 30  2023 Sales on the NASDAQ of the Aptorum Shares tendered in the Sales Facility as from July 5  2023 Proceeds of sale in USD converted into Euros Upon receipt of the funds by the Broker Proceeds of sale distributed to the beneficiaries (i.e.  holders of Aptorum Shares having participated in the Sales Facility) Upon receipt of the funds by the Broker Delisting Last day of trading of Aptorum Shares on Euronext Paris July 4  2023 Delisting Date of Aptorum Shares from Euronext Paris July 5  2023Euronext Shareholders participating in the Sales Facility acknowledge and agree to assume the risks associated with changes in the market price of Aptorum Shares and currency exchange rates that may occur between the time Aptorum Shares are delivered to Uptevia and the sale of such Aptorum Shares on the NASDAQ  as well as the date of conversion of the price into euros. All tender instructions of Aptorum Shares under the Sales Facility are irrevocable.Aptorum Shares will be delisted from Euronext Paris on July 5  2023. Aptorum Shares will continue to be listed on the NASDAQ.Shareholders are invited to contact their financial intermediaries for any additional information.About Aptorum Group LimitedAptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery  development and commercialization of therapeutic assets to treat diseases with unmet medical needs  particularly in oncology (including orphan oncology indications)  autoimmune and infectious diseases. Aptorum has completed two phase I clinical trials for its ALS-4 (MRSA) and orphan drug designated SACT-1 (Neuroblastoma) small molecule drugs and commercializing its NLS-2 NativusWell® nutraceutical (menopause). The pipeline of Aptorum is also enriched through (i) the establishment of drug discovery platforms that enable the discovery of new therapeutics assets through  e.g. systematic screening of existing approved drug molecules  and microbiome-based research platform for treatments of metabolic diseases; and (ii) the co-development and ongoing clinical validation of its novel molecular-based rapid pathogen identification and detection diagnostics technology with Singapore’s Agency for Science  Technology and Research.For more information about the Company  please visit www.aptorumgroup.com.Disclaimer and Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to buy any securities of Aptorum Group.This press release includes statements concerning Aptorum Group Limited and its future expectations  plans and prospects that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For this purpose  any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may ” “should ” “expects ” “plans ” “anticipates ” “could ” “intends ” “target ” “projects ” “contemplates ” “believes ” “estimates ” “predicts ” “potential ” or “continue ” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Aptorum Group has based these forward-looking statements  which include statements regarding projected timelines for application submissions and trials  largely on its current expectations and projections about future events and trends that it believes may affect its business  financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions including  without limitation  risks related to its announced management and organizational changes  the continued service and availability of key personnel  its ability to expand its product assortments by offering additional products for additional consumer segments  development results  the company’s anticipated growth strategies  anticipated trends and challenges in its business  and its expectations regarding  and the stability of  its supply chain  and the risks more fully described in Aptorum Group’s Form 20-F and other filings that Aptorum Group may make with the SEC in the future  as well as the prospectus that received the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers visa n°20-352 on 16 July 2020. As a result  the projections included in such forward-looking statements are subject to change and actual results may differ materially from those described herein.Aptorum Group assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This announcement is not a prospectus within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) n°2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 as amended by Regulations Delegated (EU) n°2019/980 of 14 March 2019 and n°2019/979 of 14 March 2019.This press release is provided “as is” without any representation or warranty of any kind.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230609005087/en/,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.45,0.54,True,English,"['Aptorum Group Limited', 'Voluntary Delisting', 'Euronext Paris', 'relevant alternative central system', 'actual average sale price', 'voluntary sales facility procedure', 'currency exchange rates', 'Aptorum Group Limited', 'applicable Euronext notice', 'primary listing exchange', 'participating Euronext Shareholders', 'The Aptorum Shares', 'The Board', 'voluntary delisting', 'voluntary basis', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext rules', 'Regulatory News', 'comprehensive review', 'administrative requirements', 'ISIN KYG6096M1226', 'Euroclear France', 'following options', 'financial intermediary', 'necessary steps', 'financial intermediaries', 'centralizing agent', 'Individual investors', 'investment advisors', 'sole discretion', 'tender instructions', 'trading volume', 'trading day', 'sale proceeds', 'market prices', 'brokerage fees', 'delisting date', 'Broker Proceeds', 'Broker Delisting', 'NASDAQ listing', 'NASDAQ:APM', 'NASDAQ.', 'Company', 'costs', 'request', 'impact', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'action', 'holding', 'trade', 'terms', 'depositary', 'June', 'Uptevia', 'July', 'time', 'charge', 'centralization', 'assurance', 'process', 'participation', 'case', 'connection', 'decision', 'right', 'USD', 'Euros', 'receipt', 'funds', 'beneficiaries', 'risks', 'changes', 'conversion']",2023-06-09,2023-06-09,markets.buffalonews.com
25987,EuroNext,Bing API,http://markets.buffalonews.com/buffnews/article/gnwcq-2023-6-9-cellectis-presents-updated-clinical-and-translational-data-on-balli-01-at-the-european-hematology-association-eha-2023,Cellectis Presents Updated Clinical and Translational Data on BALLI-01 at the European Hematology Association (EHA) 2023,Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  presented today updated clinical and translational data on its clinical trial BALLI-01 (evaluating UCART22) at the European Hematology Association (EHA) 2023.,NEW YORK  June 09  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  presented today updated clinical and translational data on its clinical trial BALLI-01 (evaluating UCART22) at the European Hematology Association (EHA) 2023. The data presented support the preliminary safety and efficacy of UCART22 in a heavily pretreated relapsed/refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (r/r B-ALL) population.“These clinical data are very positive for patients with r/r B-ALL who have failed multiple lines of treatment options including chemotherapy  CD19 directed CAR T-cell therapy and allogeneic stem cell transplant and encourage further enrollment into the BALLI-01 clinical study” said Nicolas Boissel  M.D.  Ph.D.  Head of Hematology Adolescent and Young Adult Unit at Hôpital Saint-Louis  Paris  France.The poster presentation at EHA highlights the following data:BALLI-01 is a Phase 1/2a open-label study  evaluating the safety and clinical activity of UCART22 in patients with relapsed/refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (r/r B-ALL).The poster presentation reviewed clinical and translational data from patients who received UCART22 after lymphodepletion (LD) with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide (FC) (F : 30 mg/m2 × 3d  C : 1.0 g/m2 × 3d) or fludarabine  cyclophosphamide and alemtuzumab (FCA) (F: 30 mg/m2 × 3d  C : 0.5g/m2 × 3d  A : 20 mg/d × 3d) in patients with r/r B-ALL.Compared to the clinical update on BALLI-01 at ASH 2021  the poster presents data from six additional patients who received UCART22 at dose level 3 (DL3)  5 x 106 cells/kg  as of the December 31  2022 data cutoff.Preliminary safety dataUCART22 administered after FC or FCA LD regimen was well tolerated. No dose limiting toxicities (DLTs) nor immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome (ICANS) were observed; 61% of patients reported cytokine release syndrome (CRS) (Grade 1 [N=9] or Grade 2 [N=2]). One serious adverse event of special interest (AESI) of Grade 2 graft-versus-host disease (GvHD) (skin) was reported in the setting of reactivation of prior allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) donor stem cells. Serious adverse events (SAEs) (G≥3) reported in 72% of patients included infections (39%) and febrile neutropenia (28%)  and all were not related to UCART22.Preliminary efficacy dataResponses were assessed beginning on Day 28.Up to FC/FCA-Intermediate Dose Level 2 (DL2i): 3 complete remissions with incomplete count recovery (CRi) and 1 morphologic leukemia-free state (MLFS) were observed and previously reported at the American Society of Hematology (ASH) 2021 conference.For FCA-Dose Level 3 (DL3)  50% of the six patients responded:1 patient who failed 4 prior lines  including multiagent chemotherapy  blinatumomab  inotuzumab  autologous CAR19  and allogeneic HSCT  achieved a minimal residual disease (MRD) negative complete response (CR) lasting over 90 days after UCART22 infusion as of the December 31  2022 data cutoff.1 patient who failed 4 prior lines  including multiagent chemotherapy  venetoclax  autologous CAR19  and allogeneic HSCT  achieved an MRD negative complete response with incomplete count recovery (CRi) consolidated with donor lymphocyte infusion (DLI) after Day 90 and remains in an MRD negative CRi past 7 months as of the December 31  2022 data cutoff.1 patient who failed 3 prior lines  including multiagent chemotherapy  venetoclax  autologous CAR19  and allogeneic HSCT  achieved an MRD negative MLFS up to Day 114.Host lymphocytes remained suppressed (mean ALC <0.1 x103 cells/mL) through Day 28 for all patients who received FCA LD. Peak ferritin levels correlated with UCART22 cell expansion and cytokine release syndrome (CRS). UCART22 continues to be safe and tolerable  with no treatment emergent serious adverse events (TEAEs) or DLTs reported. UCART22 cell expansion was detected in 9 of 13 patients in the FCA LD arm and associated with clinical activity.Overall  these data support the preliminary safety and efficacy of UCART22 in this heavily pretreated r/r B-ALL population.The BALLI-01 study is currently enrolling patients after FCA lymphodepletion. UCART22 is currently the most advanced allogeneic CAR T-cell product in development for r/r B-ALL. The next data set is expected to be released later this year.The poster presentation is available on Cellectis’ website: https://www.cellectis.com/en/investors/scientific-presentations/About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “intend”  “expect ” “plan ” “scheduled ” “could” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include statements about the preliminary results for the BALLI-01 trial and the objectives of this trial  which remains ongoing; the ability to progress our clinical trial and to present any additional data from this trial; clinical outcomes from our trial  which may materially change as more patient data becomes available  potential benefits of our UCART product candidates  and our manufacturing capabilities. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. With respect to our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2022 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.15,0.67,True,English,"['European Hematology Association', 'Translational Data', 'Cellectis', 'Updated', 'Clinical', 'BALLI', 'EHA', 'prior allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation', 'refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'FCA LD. Peak ferritin levels', 'advanced allogeneic CAR T-cell product', 'MRD negative CRi past 7 months', 'Phase 1/2a open-label study', 'MRD) negative complete response', 'MRD negative complete response', 'allogeneic stem cell transplant', 'One serious adverse event', 'HSCT) donor stem cells', 'CAR T-cell therapy', 'MRD negative MLFS', 'hemopoietic stem cells', 'Serious adverse events', 'Young Adult Unit', 'Hôpital Saint-Louis', 'cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome', 'cytokine release syndrome', 'incomplete count recovery', '1 morphologic leukemia-free state', 'minimal residual disease', 'donor lymphocyte infusion', 'FCA LD regimen', 'FCA LD arm', 'ALC <0.1 x103 cells', 'The BALLI-01 study', 'dose limiting toxicities', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'next data set', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'European Hematology Association', 'FC/FCA-Intermediate Dose Level', 'UCART22 cell expansion', 'Grade 2 graft-versus-host disease', 'BALLI-01 clinical study', 'six additional patients', 'r/r B-ALL population', 'Preliminary safety data', 'Preliminary efficacy data', 'December 31, 2022 data cutoff', 'allogeneic HSCT', 'life-saving cell', '3 complete remissions', 'CAR T-cells', 'allogeneic approach', '4 prior lines', '3 prior lines', 'clinical-stage biopha', 'B-ALL) population', 'FCA-Dose Level', 'FCA lymphodepletion', 'r/r B-ALL.', 'translational data', 'following data', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'gene therapies', 'multiple lines', 'Nicolas Boissel', 'M.D.', 'Ph.D.', 'Hematology Adolescent', 'immune effector', 'special interest', 'febrile neutropenia', 'American Society', 'autologous CAR19', 'Host lymphocytes', 'CAR-T immunotherapies', 'therapeutic gene', 'various diseases', 'clinical data', 'UCART22 infusion', 'clinical trial', 'clinical activity', 'clinical update', 'six patients', 'poster presentation', 'multiagent chemotherapy', 'treatment options', 'cancer patients', 'Cellectis’ website', '106 cells', '13 patients', 'ALCLS', 'NASDAQ', 'CLLS', 'updated', 'EHA', 'CD19', 'enrollment', 'Head', 'Paris', 'France', 'fludarabine', 'cyclophosphamide', '30 mg', 'alemtuzumab', 'ASH', '5 x', 'DLTs', 'ICANS', 'CRS', 'AESI', 'GvHD', 'skin', 'setting', 'reactivation', 'SAEs', 'infections', 'Responses', 'Day', 'DL2i', '1 patient', 'blinatumomab', 'inotuzumab', 'DLI', 'venetoclax', 'TEAEs', 'development', 'investors', 'scientific-presentations', 'oncology', 'concept', 'shelf', '1.0', '90']",2023-06-09,2023-06-09,markets.buffalonews.com
25988,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/maat-pharma-monthly-information-regarding-160000693.html,MaaT Pharma: Monthly Information Regarding the Total Number of Voting Rights and Shares Comprising the Share Capital,"MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the ""Company"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company and a leader in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer ","Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Financial Markets Authority (AMF - Autorité des Marchés Financiers)LYON  France  June 09  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the ""Company"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company and a leader in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  today published the number of shares comprising the share capital and the total number of voting rights (Article L. 233-8 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)) on May 31  2023.Listing place: Euronext ParisISIN code: FR0012634822Website: www.maatpharma.comDate Total number of sharescomprising the share capital Total number oftheoretical voting rights (1) Total number of effectivevoting rights (2) 05/31/2023 11 555 123 11 555 123 11 540 912(1) In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulation  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including shares whose voting rights have been suspended.(2) Effective voting rights correspond to the total number of voting rights that may be used at a General Meeting. The total number of effective voting rights is calculated without taking into account the shares with suspended voting rights.About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has launched  in March 2022  a Phase 3 clinical trial for patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice.MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as ""target "" ""believe "" ""expect "" ""aim "" ""intend "" ""may "" ""anticipate "" ""estimate "" ""plan "" ""project "" ""will "" ""can have "" ""likely "" ""should "" ""would "" ""could"" and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230609005179/en/ContactsMaaT Pharma – Investor RelationsHervé AFFAGARDCo-Founder and CEOSiân Crouzet  COO/ CFO+33 4 28 29 14 00invest@maat-pharma.comMaaT Pharma – Media RelationsPauline RICHAUDSenior PR & Corporate Communications Manager+33 6 14 06 45 92media@maat-pharma.comTrophic Communications – Corporate CommunicationsStephanie MAY orCharlotte SPITZ+49 171 351 2733maat@trophic.eu",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', 'Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Share Capital', 'Information', 'Shares', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'allogeneic stem cell transplantation', 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'share capital Total number', 'French Commercial Code', 'Financial Markets Authority', 'novel disease targets', 'standardized cGMP manufacturing', 'Siân Crouzet', 'Code de commerce', 'Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'theoretical voting rights', 'quality control process', 'Effective voting rights', 'AMF General Regulation', 'Phase 2 trial', 'clinical practice', 'microbiome therapies', 'ISIN code', 'Trophic Communications', 'General Regulations', 'General Meeting', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'survival outcomes', 'Listing place', 'complete approach', 'patient-microbiome symbiosis', 'serious complication', 'powerful discovery', 'analysis platform', 'drug candidates', 'microbiome-related conditions', 'full diversity', 'oral formulations', 'world-leading scientists', 'historical fact', 'press release', 'future events', 'similar meaning', 'inherent risks', 'actual results', 'expected results', 'source version', 'Investor Relations', 'Hervé AFFAGARD', 'COO/ CFO', 'Media Relations', 'Pauline RICHAUD', 'Senior PR', 'Charlotte SPITZ', 'MaaT Pharma', 'Euronext Paris', 'acute GvHD', 'other words', 'Stephanie MAY', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Article L.', 'LYON', 'France', 'June', 'leader', 'development', 'MET', 'patients', 'cancer', 'shares', 'Website', 'maatpharma', 'accordance', 'basis', 'account', 'oncology', 'graft', 'achievement', 'proof', 'concept', 'gutPrint®', 'expansion', 'pipeline', 'biomarkers', 'liquid', 'commitment', 'relationships', 'regulators', 'integration', 'use', 'change', 'notice', 'factors', 'limitation', 'project', 'terms', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'Founder', 'CEO']",2023-06-09,2023-06-09,finance.yahoo.com
25989,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.reuters.com/markets/europe/european-shares-flat-croda-leads-losses-profit-warning-2023-06-09/,European shares slip as central-bank meetings loom  Croda falls on profit warning,European shares slipped on Friday  rounding off a lacklustre week that saw investors step to the sidelines ahead of crucial updates from the U.S. Fed and European Central Bank (ECB)  while Croda slid on a tepid profit outlook.,"SummarySummary Companies Croda profit warning weighs on other chemical firmsAll eyes on Fed  ECB policy meetings next weekSTOXX off 0.2%  ends week 0.5% downJune 9 (Reuters) - European shares slipped on Friday  rounding off a lacklustre week that saw investors step to the sidelines ahead of crucial updates from the U.S. Fed and European Central Bank (ECB)  while Croda slid on a tepid profit outlook.The pan-European STOXX 600 index (.STOXX) closed 0.2% down and ended the week 0.5% lower.Investors feared that the Fed could opt for a hawkish stance in its meeting next week  while the ECB is expected to continue to tighten monetary policy.Money markets now see a 73% chance that the Fed will skip raising interest rates in its June meeting but will resume rate hiking in July. For the ECB  traders see about a 98% chance of a 25-basis-point rate hike next week.""Our view on the Fed is that they want to pause... We do however  expect the Fed to keep the door open for another hike in July "" Mohit Kumar  a strategist at Jefferies  said.""ECB is in a slightly different position as we do not believe that it is in the 'sufficiently restrictive territory' yet. We expect a rate hike in June followed by another in July and that should mark the end of the current rate hiking cycle.""Weakness in the rate-sensitive insurance sector (.SXIP) and banks (.SX7P) weighed on the STOXX 600  with the sectors down 0.5% and 0.4%  respectively.Shares of Croda International (CRDA.L) tumbled 12.5% to the bottom of STOXX 600 after the British chemicals company forecast its annual pre-tax earnings to come in below expectations.The broader European chemicals index (.SX4P) fell 2.0%  leading sectoral declines. Chemicals also fell the most among major European sectors for the week  down 3%.Orsted (ORSTED.CO) gained 4.0%  lifting the utilities sector  as Goldman Sachs raised its price target on the renewable energy group.Vivendi(VIV.PA) shed 2.4% after Euronext said it will be excluded from France's CAC 40 (.FCHI).French shoppers should pay less for their food from next month  Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said on Friday  after he secured a pledge from 75 top food companies including Unilever (ULVR.L) to cut prices on hundreds of products.Reporting by Shreyashi Sanyal and Bansari Mayur Kamdar in Bengaluru; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips  Nivedita Bhattacharjee and Nick MacfieOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,negative,0.0,0.21,0.78,True,English,"['central-bank meetings loom', 'European shares', 'profit warning', 'Croda', 'Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'The pan-European STOXX 600 index', 'current rate hiking cycle', 'broader European chemicals index', 'other chemical firms', 'European Central Bank', 'tepid profit outlook', 'annual pre-tax earnings', 'leading sectoral declines', 'renewable energy group', 'Bansari Mayur Kamdar', 'British chemicals company', 'rate-sensitive insurance sector', 'Croda profit warning', 'major European sectors', '25-basis-point rate hike', '75 top food companies', 'U.S. Fed', 'ECB policy meetings', 'European shares', 'monetary policy', 'utilities sector', 'Summary Companies', 'crucial updates', 'Money markets', 'interest rates', 'Mohit Kumar', 'different position', 'restrictive territory', 'Croda International', 'Goldman Sachs', 'VIV.PA', 'French shoppers', 'next month', 'Shreyashi Sanyal', 'Sherry Jacob-Phillips', 'Nivedita Bhattacharjee', 'Nick Macfie', 'ORSTED.CO', 'lacklustre week', 'June meeting', 'eyes', 'Friday', 'investors', 'sidelines', 'stance', '73% chance', 'July', 'traders', '98% chance', 'view', 'door', 'strategist', 'Jefferies', 'end', 'Weakness', 'SXIP', 'banks', 'SX7P', 'CRDA', 'bottom', 'expectations', 'SX4P', 'price', 'target', 'Euronext', 'France', 'CAC', 'FCHI', 'pledge', 'Unilever', 'ULVR', 'hundreds', 'products', 'Reporting', 'Bengaluru', 'Editing', 'Standards']",2023-06-09,2023-06-09,reuters.com
25990,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-announces-share-repurchase-programme-154500304.html,Euronext announces share repurchase programme as part of its long-term incentive plan,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+31 20 721 4133+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+33 1 70 48 24 45Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan+39 02 72 42 62 12Oslo+47 41 69 59 10 Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45 Euronext announces share repurchase programme as part of its long-term incentive plan Amsterdam ,"EuronextContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +31 20 721 4133 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces share repurchase programme as part of its long-term incentive planAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 9 June 2023 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced that it will repurchase 330 000 of its own shares as part of its Long-Term Incentive plans.This repurchase program will be implemented and directed by an independent agent from 12 June 2023 to 7 July 2023.This programme will be carried out in accordance with the conditions of the authorisation granted by the General Meeting of Shareholders of Euronext on 17 May 2023.CONTACT ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed issuers and around €6.8 trillion in market capitalisation as of end March 2023  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['share repurchase programme', 'long-term incentive plan', 'Euronext', 'part', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Media Contact Investor Relations', 'data subject request form', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'Data Protection Officer', 'long-term incentive plan', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Clément Kubiak', 'unmatched blue-chip franchise', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'main regulated market', 'press release service', 'share repurchase programme', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext N.V.', 'The Euronext Group', 'General Meeting', 'CONTACT ANALYSTS', 'market capitalisation', 'The Group', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'personal data', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'independent agent', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', '1,930 listed issuers', 'end March', 'transparent equity', 'largest centre', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'applicable rules', 'proprietary rights', 'information purposes', 'Contacts', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '9 June', 'shares', '12 June', '7 July', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'authorisation', 'Shareholders', '17 May', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'exchanges', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'privacy-policy', 'regard', 'www', 'data-subjects', 'dpo', 'Attachment', '70']",2023-06-09,2023-06-09,uk.finance.yahoo.com
25991,EuroNext,Bing API,https://news.sky.com/story/windfall-tax-a-uk-gdp-forecast-and-why-is-the-vodafone-three-merger-taking-so-long-12899365,Windfall tax  a UK GDP forecast and why is the Vodafone-Three merger taking so long?,Following the news that the windfall tax on oil and gas companies will be scrapped if wholesale costs fall below a certain level  Ian discusses the government's plans with David Waterhouse  chief executive of Offshore Energies UK ,Following the news that the windfall tax on oil and gas companies will be scrapped if wholesale costs fall below a certain level  Ian discusses the government's plans with David Waterhouse  chief executive of Offshore Energies UK  and National Gas chief executive Jon Butterworth.Vicky Pryce  independent member of the British Chamber of Commerce's new economic advisory council  talks about forecasts for UK GDP.Adobe's Anil Chakravarthy outlines what his company is doing with artificial intelligence  analyst Paolo Pescatore details why he thinks the merger between Vodafone and Three is taking so long  and Euronext's Stephane Boujnah discusses the challenges of operating stock exchanges in the EU.:: Listen and subscribe to The Ian King Business Podcast here.,neutral,0.02,0.82,0.16,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['UK GDP forecast', 'Windfall tax', 'Vodafone-Three merger', 'The Ian King Business Podcast', 'new economic advisory council', 'National Gas chief executive', 'analyst Paolo Pescatore', 'operating stock exchanges', 'Offshore Energies UK', 'gas companies', 'UK GDP', 'windfall tax', 'wholesale costs', 'David Waterhouse', 'Jon Butterworth', 'Vicky Pryce', 'independent member', 'British Chamber', 'Anil Chakravarthy', 'artificial intelligence', 'Stephane Boujnah', 'news', 'oil', 'level', 'government', 'plans', 'Commerce', 'forecasts', 'Adobe', 'company', 'merger', 'Vodafone', 'Three', 'Euronext', 'challenges']",2023-06-09,2023-06-09,news.sky.com
25992,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.movies.yahoo.com/cairn-homes-plc-transaction-own-060006370.html,Cairn Homes Plc Transaction in Own Shares,"The Company announces that on 08 June 2023 it purchased a total of 199 546 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody ...","Cairn Homes Plc (CRN)Cairn Homes Plc Transaction in Own Shares9 June 2023 Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”) Transaction in own shares The Company announces that on 08 June 2023 it purchased a total of 199 546 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”)  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled. Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 99 546 100 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.1300 £0.9750 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.1120 £0.9580 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.1217 £0.9650 The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023. Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 673 528 317 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury. In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Goodbody on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below. Contacts: Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600 Tara Grimley  Company Secretary Appendix Transaction Details Issuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone GMT Currency EUR & GBPEuronext Dublin Number of Shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 4 986 1.1180 XDUB 08:37:17 00027779190TRDU1 5 056 1.1180 XDUB 08:37:17 00027779189TRDU1 334 1.1200 XDUB 08:55:25 00027779254TRDU1 2 037 1.1200 XDUB 08:55:25 00027779253TRDU1 2 373 1.1200 XDUB 08:55:25 00027779252TRDU1 7 368 1.1220 XDUB 10:05:51 00027779495TRDU1 4 796 1.1220 XDUB 10:05:51 00027779494TRDU1 1 081 1.1260 XDUB 12:52:01 00027780643TRDU1 35 1.1300 XDUB 12:58:20 00027780651TRDU1 1 828 1.1300 XDUB 14:00:11 00027781074TRDU1 11 464 1.1300 XDUB 14:00:11 00027781073TRDU1 699 1.1300 XDUB 14:00:11 00027781072TRDU1 2 637 1.1300 XDUB 14:00:11 00027781071TRDU1 2 819 1.1300 XDUB 14:00:11 00027781070TRDU1 11 464 1.1300 XDUB 14:00:11 00027781069TRDU1 1 912 1.1300 XDUB 14:00:11 00027781075TRDU1 4 595 1.1220 XDUB 14:29:54 00027781274TRDU1 282 1.1220 XDUB 14:29:54 00027781273TRDU1 2 458 1.1200 XDUB 14:49:40 00027781633TRDU1 2 395 1.1200 XDUB 14:49:40 00027781631TRDU1 2 399 1.1180 XDUB 14:49:40 00027781635TRDU1 2 439 1.1140 XDUB 15:06:33 00027781859TRDU1 1 601 1.1140 XDUB 15:06:33 00027781858TRDU1 844 1.1140 XDUB 15:06:33 00027781857TRDU1 2 555 1.1120 XDUB 15:29:33 00027782173TRDU1 1 477 1.1120 XDUB 15:29:33 00027782171TRDU1 2 357 1.1120 XDUB 15:34:28 00027782207TRDU1 2 410 1.1120 XDUB 15:34:28 00027782206TRDU1 1 213 1.1140 XDUB 16:20:05 00027782592TRDU1 1 014 1.1140 XDUB 16:24:30 00027782638TRDU1 618 1.1140 XDUB 16:24:34 00027782639TRDU1 6 385 1.1140 XDUB 16:27:23 00027782682TRDU1 3 615 1.1140 XDUB 16:27:23 00027782681TRDU1 London Stock Exchange Number of Shares Price per Share (STG) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 40 0.9610 XLON 08:55:25 00027779251TRDU1 5 640 0.9610 XLON 08:55:25 00027779250TRDU1 5 443 0.9610 XLON 08:55:25 00027779249TRDU1 502 0.9640 XLON 09:35:29 00027779383TRDU1 1 612 0.9660 XLON 10:00:00 00027779470TRDU1 268 0.9660 XLON 10:00:54 00027779472TRDU1 460 0.9660 XLON 10:00:54 00027779471TRDU1 144 0.9660 XLON 10:00:54 00027779476TRDU1 1 141 0.9660 XLON 10:00:54 00027779475TRDU1 1 902 0.9660 XLON 10:00:54 00027779474TRDU1 6 597 0.9660 XLON 10:00:54 00027779473TRDU1 1 0.9680 XLON 10:56:34 00027779931TRDU1 2 848 0.9680 XLON 10:56:34 00027779932TRDU1 179 0.9690 XLON 11:12:14 00027780069TRDU1 3 172 0.9690 XLON 11:12:15 00027780070TRDU1 3 255 0.9690 XLON 11:37:02 00027780183TRDU1 2 999 0.9690 XLON 12:01:45 00027780329TRDU1 86 0.9690 XLON 12:01:45 00027780328TRDU1 3 011 0.9690 XLON 12:25:32 00027780461TRDU1 3 059 0.9690 XLON 12:48:05 00027780636TRDU1 3 413 0.9730 XLON 13:10:21 00027780689TRDU1 3 044 0.9740 XLON 13:40:40 00027780944TRDU1 2 924 0.9750 XLON 13:49:46 00027781019TRDU1 938 0.9710 XLON 14:00:21 00027781078TRDU1 5 201 0.9710 XLON 14:00:21 00027781077TRDU1 2 600 0.9710 XLON 14:00:21 00027781076TRDU1 1 362 0.9670 XLON 14:29:54 00027781272TRDU1 432 0.9670 XLON 14:29:54 00027781271TRDU1 1 498 0.9670 XLON 14:29:54 00027781270TRDU1 3 248 0.9650 XLON 14:49:40 00027781636TRDU1 4 937 0.9650 XLON 14:49:40 00027781634TRDU1 1 019 0.9650 XLON 14:49:40 00027781632TRDU1 196 0.9590 XLON 15:29:33 00027782169TRDU1 127 0.9590 XLON 15:29:33 00027782168TRDU1 558 0.9590 XLON 15:29:33 00027782167TRDU1 140 0.9590 XLON 15:29:33 00027782166TRDU1 1 423 0.9590 XLON 15:29:33 00027782170TRDU1 363 0.9590 XLON 15:29:33 00027782174TRDU1 9 241 0.9590 XLON 15:29:33 00027782172TRDU1 5 630 0.9580 XLON 16:16:22 00027782551TRDU1 2 435 0.9580 XLON 16:16:22 00027782550TRDU1 915 0.9580 XLON 16:16:22 00027782549TRDU1 2 907 0.9580 XLON 16:24:30 00027782637TRDU1 1 653 0.9580 XLON 16:28:16 00027782686TRDU1 1 437 0.9580 XLON 16:28:16 00027782687TRDU1Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.36,0.64,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc Transaction', 'Own Shares', 'Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone GMT Currency', 'Company Secretary Appendix Transaction Details Issuer Name', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name', 'transaction Transaction Reference Number', 'STG) Trading venue Time', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Cairn Homes Plc Transaction', 'Euronext Dublin Number', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'nil ordinary shares', 'total number', '100,000 Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'Shares Price', '673,528,317 ordinary shares', 'The Company', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'Own Shares', 'CRN', '9 June', '08 June', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'LEI', 'GBP', 'XDUB', 'XLON']",2023-06-09,2023-06-09,uk.movies.yahoo.com
