UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
32179,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/02/2771923/0/en/Shell-plc-Third-Quarter-2023-Interim-Dividend.html,Shell plc Third Quarter 2023 Interim Dividend,London  November 2  2023 − The Board of Shell plc (the “Company”) today announced an interim dividend in respect of the third quarter of 2023 of US$ 0.331 per ordinary share.,London  November 2  2023 − The Board of Shell plc (the “Company”) today announced an interim dividend in respect of the third quarter of 2023 of US$ 0.331 per ordinary share.Details relating to the third quarter 2023 interim dividendPer ordinary share Q3 2023 Shell Shares (US$) 0.331Shareholders will be able to elect to receive their dividends in US dollars  euros or pounds sterling.Absent any valid election to the contrary  persons holding their ordinary shares through Euroclear Nederland will receive their dividends in euros.Absent any valid election to the contrary  shareholders (both holding in certificated and uncertificated form (CREST members)) and persons holding their shares through the Shell Corporate Nominee will receive their dividends in pounds sterling.The pound sterling and euro equivalent dividend payments will be announced on December 11  2023.Per ADS Q3 2023 Shell ADSs (US$) 0.662Cash dividends on American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”) will be paid  by default  in US dollars.Each ADS represents two ordinary shares. ADSs are evidenced by an American Depositary Receipt (“ADR”) certificate. In many cases the terms ADR and ADS are used interchangeably.Dividend timetable for the third quarter 2023 interim dividendEvent Date Announcement date November 2  2023 Ex- Dividend Date for ADSs November 16  2023 Ex- Dividend Date for ordinary shares November 16  2023 Record date November 17  2023 Closing of currency election date (see Note below) December 1  2023 Pound sterling and euro equivalents announcement date December 11  2023 Payment date December 20  2023NoteA different currency election date may apply to shareholders holding shares in a securities account with a bank or financial institution ultimately holding through Euroclear Nederland. This may also apply to other shareholders who do not hold their shares either directly on the Register of Members or in the corporate sponsored nominee arrangement. Shareholders can contact their broker  financial intermediary  bank or financial institution for the election deadline that applies.Taxation - cash dividendsIf you are uncertain as to the tax treatment of any dividends you should consult your tax advisor.Dividend Reinvestment Programmes (“DRIP”)The following organisations offer Dividend Reinvestment Plans (“DRIPs”) which enable the Company’s shareholders to elect to have their dividend payments used to purchase the Company’s shares:Equiniti Financial Services Limited (“EFSL”)  for those holding shares (a) directly on the register as certificate holder or as CREST Member and (b) via the Shell Corporate Nominee;ABN-AMRO NV (“ABN”) for Financial Intermediaries holding shares via Euroclear Nederland;JPMorgan Chase Bank  N.A. (“JPM”) for holders of ADSs; andOther DRIPs may also be available from the intermediary through which investors hold their shares and ADSs.These DRIP offerors provide their DRIPs fully on their account and not on behalf of the Company.Interested parties should contact the relevant DRIP offeror directly.More information can be found at https://www.shell.com/dripTo be eligible to participate in the DRIPs for the next dividend  shareholders must make a valid dividend reinvestment election before the published date for the close of elections.EnquiriesMedia International: +44 207 934 5550Media Americas: +1 832 337 4355Cautionary NoteThe companies in which Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this announcement “Shell”  “Shell Group” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise  the words “we”  “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them. These terms are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular entity or entities. ‘‘Subsidiaries’’  “Shell subsidiaries” and “Shell companies” as used in this announcement refer to entities over which Shell plc either directly or indirectly has control. Entities and unincorporated arrangements over which Shell has joint control are generally referred to as “joint ventures” and “joint operations”  respectively. “Joint ventures” and “joint operations” are collectively referred to as “joint arrangements”. Entities over which Shell has significant influence but neither control nor joint control are referred to as “associates”. The term “Shell interest” is used for convenience to indicate the direct and/or indirect ownership interest held by Shell in an entity or unincorporated joint arrangement  after exclusion of all third-party interest.Forward-Looking StatementsThis announcement contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) concerning the financial condition  results of operations and businesses of Shell. All statements other than statements of historical fact are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Forward-looking statements include  among other things  statements concerning the potential exposure of Shell to market risks and statements expressing management’s expectations  beliefs  estimates  forecasts  projections and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  ‘‘anticipate’’  ‘‘believe’’  ‘‘could’’  ‘‘estimate’’  ‘‘expect’’  ‘‘goals’’  ‘‘intend’’  ‘‘may’’  “milestones”  ‘‘objectives’’  ‘‘outlook’’  ‘‘plan’’  ‘‘probably’’  ‘‘project’’  ‘‘risks’’  “schedule”  ‘‘seek’’  ‘‘should’’  ‘‘target’’  ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. There are a number of factors that could affect the future operations of Shell and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements included in this announcement  including (without limitation): (a) price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas; (b) changes in demand for Shell’s products; (c) currency fluctuations; (d) drilling and production results; (e) reserves estimates; (f) loss of market share and industry competition; (g) environmental and physical risks; (h) risks associated with the identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets  and successful negotiation and completion of such transactions; (i) the risk of doing business in developing countries and countries subject to international sanctions; (j) legislative  judicial  fiscal and regulatory developments including regulatory measures addressing climate change; (k) economic and financial market conditions in various countries and regions; (l) political risks  including the risks of expropriation and renegotiation of the terms of contracts with governmental entities  delays or advancements in the approval of projects and delays in the reimbursement for shared costs; (m) risks associated with the impact of pandemics  such as the COVID-19 (coronavirus) outbreak; and (n) changes in trading conditions. No assurance is provided that future dividend payments will match or exceed previous dividend payments. All forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Additional risk factors that may affect future results are contained in Shell plc’s Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 (available at www.shell.com/investor and www.sec.gov). These risk factors also expressly qualify all forward-looking statements contained in this announcement and should be considered by the reader. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this announcement  November 2  2023. Neither Shell plc nor any of its subsidiaries undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information  future events or other information. In light of these risks  results could differ materially from those stated  implied or inferred from the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement.Shell’s net carbon intensityAlso  in this announcement we may refer to Shell’s “Net Carbon Intensity”  which includes Shell’s carbon emissions from the production of our energy products  our suppliers’ carbon emissions in supplying energy for that production and our customers’ carbon emissions associated with their use of the energy products we sell. Shell only controls its own emissions. The use of the term Shell’s “Net Carbon Intensity” is for convenience only and not intended to suggest these emissions are those of Shell plc or its subsidiaries.Shell’s net-Zero Emissions TargetShell’s operating plan  outlook and budgets are forecasted for a ten-year period and are updated every year. They reflect the current economic environment and what we can reasonably expect to see over the next ten years. Accordingly  they reflect our Scope 1  Scope 2 and Net Carbon Intensity (NCI) targets over the next ten years. However  Shell’s operating plans cannot reflect our 2050 net-zero emissions target and 2035 NCI target  as these targets are currently outside our planning period. In the future  as society moves towards net-zero emissions  we expect Shell’s operating plans to reflect this movement. However  if society is not net zero in 2050  as of today  there would be significant risk that Shell may not meet this target.Forward Looking Non-GAAP measuresThis announcement may contain certain forward-looking non-GAAP measures such as cash capital expenditure and divestments. We are unable to provide a reconciliation of these forward-looking Non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures because certain information needed to reconcile those Non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is dependent on future events some of which are outside the control of Shell  such as oil and gas prices  interest rates and exchange rates. Moreover  estimating such GAAP measures with the required precision necessary to provide a meaningful reconciliation is extremely difficult and could not be accomplished without unreasonable effort. Non-GAAP measures in respect of future periods which cannot be reconciled to the most comparable GAAP financial measure are calculated in a manner which is consistent with the accounting policies applied in Shell plc’s consolidated financial statements.The contents of websites referred to in this announcement do not form part of this announcement.We may have used certain terms  such as resources  in this announcement that the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) strictly prohibits us from including in our filings with the SEC. Investors are urged to consider closely the disclosure in our Form 20-F  File No 1-32575  available on the SEC website www.sec.gov.LEI number of Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70Classification: Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a Member State,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.36,0.63,True,English,"['Shell plc', 'Third Quarter', 'Interim Dividend', 'U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Equiniti Financial Services Limited', 'different currency election date', 'third quarter 2023 interim dividend', 'Event Date Announcement date', 'valid dividend reinvestment election', 'euro equivalents announcement date', 'Dividend Reinvestment Programmes', 'Dividend Reinvestment Plans', 'American Depositary Receipt', 'Ex- Dividend Date', 'Enquiries Media International', 'equivalent dividend payments', 'indirect ownership interest', 'relevant DRIP offeror', 'Per ADS Q3', 'JPMorgan Chase Bank', 'American Depositary Shares', 'separate legal entities', 'unincorporated joint arrangement', 'two ordinary shares', 'Shell Corporate Nominee', 'securities account', 'valid election', 'Record date', 'Payment date', 'Dividend timetable', 'next dividend', 'nominee arrangement', 'election deadline', 'Media Americas', 'unincorporated arrangements', 'financial institution', 'Financial Intermediaries', 'third-party interest', 'financial condition', 'joint ventures', 'joint arrangements', 'Shell interest', 'The Board', 'US dollars', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'uncertificated form', 'pound sterling', 'many cases', 'tax treatment', 'tax advisor', 'following organisations', 'certificate holder', 'CREST Member', 'ABN-AMRO NV', 'N.A.', 'Interested parties', 'More information', 'useful purpose', 'significant influence', 'historical fact', 'future exp', 'financial intermediary', 'joint operations', 'DRIP offerors', 'Shell plc', 'joint control', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'pounds sterling', 'particular entity', 'Cash dividends', 'Cautionary Note', 'Shell Shares', 'Other DRIPs', 'Shell Group', 'Shell companies', 'other shareholders', 'Shell subsidiaries', 'Shell ADSs', 'Members', 'London', 'Company', 'respect', 'Details', 'euros', 'contrary', 'persons', 'December', 'default', 'ADR', 'terms', 'November', 'Closing', 'Register', 'broker', 'Taxation', 'EFSL', 'holding', 'investors', 'behalf', 'close', 'elections', 'investments', 'convenience', 'references', 'words', 'associates', 'exclusion', 'meaning', 'results', 'businesses']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,globenewswire.com
32180,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SHELL-PLC-130945922/news/Shell-plc-2024-Interim-Dividend-Timetable-45219025/,Shell plc 2024 Interim Dividend Timetable,(marketscreener.com) London  November 2  2023 The Board of Shell plc today announced the intended timetable for the 2024 quarterly interim dividends. 2024 Interim Dividend Timetable Event 4th Quarter 2023 1st Quarter 2024 2nd Quarter 2024 3rd Quarter 2024 Ann…,London  November 2  2023The Board of Shell plc today announced the intended timetable for the 2024 quarterly interim dividends.2024 Interim Dividend TimetableEvent 4th Quarter 2023 1st Quarter 2024 2nd Quarter 2024 3rd Quarter 2024 Announcement date February 1  2024 May 2  2024 August 1  2024 October 31  2024 Ex- Dividend Date for ADSs February 15  2024 May 16  2024 August 16  2024 November 15  2024 Ex- Dividend Date for ordinary shares February 15  2024 May 16  2024 August 15  2024 November 14  2024 Record date February 16  2024 May 17  2024 August 16  2024 November 15  2024 Closing date for currency election(see Note below) March 1  2024 June 3  2024 September 2  2024 November 29  2024 Pounds sterling and euro equivalents announcement date March 11  2024 June 10  2024 September 9  2024 December 9  2024 Payment date March 25  2024 June 24  2024 September 23  2024 December 19  2024NoteA different currency election date may apply to shareholders holding shares in a securities account with a bank or financial institution ultimately holding through Euroclear Nederland. This may also apply to other shareholders who do not hold their shares either directly on the Register of Members or in the corporate sponsored nominee arrangement. Shareholders can contact their broker  financial intermediary  bank or financial institution for the election deadline that applies.The 2024 interim dividend timetable is also available on www.shell.com/investors/dividend-information.EnquiriesMedia International: +44 207 934 5550Media Americas: +1 832 337 4355Cautionary NoteThe companies in which Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this announcement “Shell”  “Shell Group” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise  the words “we”  “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them. These terms are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular entity or entities. ‘‘Subsidiaries’’  “Shell subsidiaries” and “Shell companies” as used in this announcement refer to entities over which Shell plc either directly or indirectly has control. Entities and unincorporated arrangements over which Shell has joint control are generally referred to as “joint ventures” and “joint operations”  respectively. “Joint ventures” and “joint operations” are collectively referred to as “joint arrangements”. Entities over which Shell has significant influence but neither control nor joint control are referred to as “associates”. The term “Shell interest” is used for convenience to indicate the direct and/or indirect ownership interest held by Shell in an entity or unincorporated joint arrangement  after exclusion of all third-party interest.Forward-Looking StatementsThis announcement contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) concerning the financial condition  results of operations and businesses of Shell. All statements other than statements of historical fact are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Forward-looking statements include  among other things  statements concerning the potential exposure of Shell to market risks and statements expressing management’s expectations  beliefs  estimates  forecasts  projections and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  ‘‘anticipate’’  ‘‘believe’’  ‘‘could’’  ‘‘estimate’’  ‘‘expect’’  ‘‘goals’’  ‘‘intend’’  ‘‘may’’  “milestones”  ‘‘objectives’’  ‘‘outlook’’  ‘‘plan’’  ‘‘probably’’  ‘‘project’’  ‘‘risks’’  “schedule”  ‘‘seek’’  ‘‘should’’  ‘‘target’’  ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. There are a number of factors that could affect the future operations of Shell and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements included in this announcement  including (without limitation): (a) price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas; (b) changes in demand for Shell’s products; (c) currency fluctuations; (d) drilling and production results; (e) reserves estimates; (f) loss of market share and industry competition; (g) environmental and physical risks; (h) risks associated with the identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets  and successful negotiation and completion of such transactions; (i) the risk of doing business in developing countries and countries subject to international sanctions; (j) legislative  judicial  fiscal and regulatory developments including regulatory measures addressing climate change; (k) economic and financial market conditions in various countries and regions; (l) political risks  including the risks of expropriation and renegotiation of the terms of contracts with governmental entities  delays or advancements in the approval of projects and delays in the reimbursement for shared costs; (m) risks associated with the impact of pandemics  such as the COVID-19 (coronavirus) outbreak; and (n) changes in trading conditions. No assurance is provided that future dividend payments will match or exceed previous dividend payments. All forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Additional risk factors that may affect future results are contained in Shell plc’s Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 (available at www.shell.com/investor and www.sec.gov). These risk factors also expressly qualify all forward-looking statements contained in this announcement and should be considered by the reader. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this announcement  November 2  2023. Neither Shell plc nor any of its subsidiaries undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information  future events or other information. In light of these risks  results could differ materially from those stated  implied or inferred from the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement.Shell’s net carbon intensityAlso  in this announcement we may refer to Shell’s “Net Carbon Intensity”  which includes Shell’s carbon emissions from the production of our energy products  our suppliers’ carbon emissions in supplying energy for that production and our customers’ carbon emissions associated with their use of the energy products we sell. Shell only controls its own emissions. The use of the term Shell’s “Net Carbon Intensity” is for convenience only and not intended to suggest these emissions are those of Shell plc or its subsidiaries.Shell’s net-Zero Emissions TargetShell’s operating plan  outlook and budgets are forecasted for a ten-year period and are updated every year. They reflect the current economic environment and what we can reasonably expect to see over the next ten years. Accordingly  they reflect our Scope 1  Scope 2 and Net Carbon Intensity (NCI) targets over the next ten years. However  Shell’s operating plans cannot reflect our 2050 net-zero emissions target and 2035 NCI target  as these targets are currently outside our planning period. In the future  as society moves towards net-zero emissions  we expect Shell’s operating plans to reflect this movement. However  if society is not net zero in 2050  as of today  there would be significant risk that Shell may not meet this target.Forward Looking Non-GAAP measuresThis announcement may contain certain forward-looking non-GAAP measures such as cash capital expenditure and divestments. We are unable to provide a reconciliation of these forward-looking Non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures because certain information needed to reconcile those Non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is dependent on future events some of which are outside the control of Shell  such as oil and gas prices  interest rates and exchange rates. Moreover  estimating such GAAP measures with the required precision necessary to provide a meaningful reconciliation is extremely difficult and could not be accomplished without unreasonable effort. Non-GAAP measures in respect of future periods which cannot be reconciled to the most comparable GAAP financial measure are calculated in a manner which is consistent with the accounting policies applied in Shell plc’s consolidated financial statements.The contents of websites referred to in this announcement do not form part of this announcement.We may have used certain terms  such as resources  in this announcement that the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) strictly prohibits us from including in our filings with the SEC. Investors are urged to consider closely the disclosure in our Form 20-F  File No 1-32575  available on the SEC website www.sec.gov.LEI number of Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70Classification: Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a Member State,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.4,0.59,True,English,"['Interim Dividend Timetable', 'Shell plc', 'U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'corporate sponsored nominee arrangement', 'euro equivalents announcement date', 'different currency election date', '2024 quarterly interim dividends', '2024 Interim Dividend Timetable', 'Ex- Dividend Date', 'suitable potential acquisition', 'indirect ownership interest', 'Event 4th Quarter', 'unincorporated joint arrangement', 'Enquiries Media International', 'separate legal entities', 'securities account', 'intended timetable', 'election deadline', 'currency fluctuations', 'Record date', 'Payment date', 'Media Americas', 'unincorporated arrangements', 'potential exposure', 'international sanctions', 'third-party interest', '1st Quarter', '2nd Quarter', '3rd Quarter', 'joint ventures', 'joint arrangements', 'Pounds sterling', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'useful purpose', 'significant influence', 'historical fact', 'other things', 'price fluctuations', 'crude oil', 'natural gas', 'market share', 'industry competition', 'successful negotiation', 'regulatory developments', 'regulatory measures', 'climate change', 'joint operations', 'Shell interest', 'financial institution', 'financial intermediary', 'financial condition', 'future operations', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'joint control', 'unknown risks', 'market risks', 'physical risks', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'The Board', 'Shell plc', 'particular entity', 'actual results', 'production results', 'reserves estimates', 'developing countries', 'ordinary shares', 'other shareholders', 'Cautionary Note', 'similar terms', 'Shell Group', 'Shell companies', 'Shell subsidiaries', 'London', 'November', 'February', 'ADSs', 'August', 'Closing', 'March', 'June', 'December', 'bank', 'Register', 'Members', 'broker', 'investors', 'dividend-information', 'investments', 'convenience', 'references', 'words', 'associates', 'exclusion', 'meaning', 'businesses', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'beliefs', 'forecasts', 'projections', 'phrases', 'aim', 'ambition', 'goals', 'milestones', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'plan', 'target', 'number', 'factors', 'limitation', 'changes', 'demand', 'products', 'drilling', 'loss', 'environmental', 'identification', 'properties', 'completion', 'transactions', 'fiscal', 'economic']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32181,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BANK-OF-IRELAND-GROUP-PLC-1412362/news/Bank-of-Ireland-GovCo-Circular-and-Notice-of-Extraordinary-General-Court-45226683/,Bank of Ireland : GovCo Circular and Notice of Extraordinary General Court -November 02  2023 at 11:37 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)    THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the course of action to take  you should consult an appropriate independent professional adviser  who  if you are taking advice in Irela…,"THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the course of action to take  you should consult an appropriate independent professional adviser  who  if you are taking advice in Ireland  is authorised or exempted under the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) or the Investment Intermediaries Act 1995 (as amended)  or  if you are taking advice in the United Kingdom  is authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act  2000 (as amended)  or if you are resident in a territory outside Ireland or the United Kingdom  from another appropriately authorised independent financial adviser. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all your stock in The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland (the ""Company"" or the ""Bank"")  please forward this notice (and the accompanying documents) to the person through whom the sale or transfer was effected for transmission to the purchaser or transferee. If you have sold or otherwise transferred part of your holding of stock in the Company  you should retain this document and the Form of Proxy (""Form of Proxy"") and consult the stockbroker  bank or other agent through or by whom the transfer or sale was effected. This document does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to purchase  otherwise acquire  subscribe for  sell  otherwise dispose of or issue  or any solicitation of any offer to sell  otherwise dispose of  issue  purchase  otherwise acquire or subscribe for  any security  in any jurisdiction in which such an offer  an invitation or a solicitation is unlawful. THE GOVERNOR AND COMPANY OF THE BANK OF IRELAND NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL COURT Proposed conversion of the Sterling Preference Stock and the Euro Preference Stock into redeemable stock Proposed amendment of the Bye-Laws Your attention is drawn to the letter to Stockholders which is set out on pages 7-15 of this document  which contains the key information for Stockholders (""Stockholders"") in relation to the resolutions to be proposed at the Extraordinary General Court (""EGC"") referred to below (the ""Resolutions""). You should read this document in its entirety and consider whether or not to vote in favour of the Resolutions in light of the information contained in this document. Notice of the Extraordinary General Court of The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland to be held at Arthur Cox LLP  Ten Earlsfort Terrace  Dublin 2  D02 T380  Ireland on Friday  24 November 2023 at 10.00 a.m. is set out on pages 22-24 of this document. Please note that: holders of Preference Stock (defined below) ("" Preference Stockholders "") are entitled to attend and vote on Resolution 3 at the EGC in respect of their own holding(s) of such Preference Stock ("" Preference Stock ""); holders of Euro Preference Stock (as defined below) are also entitled to attend and vote on Resolution 1 at the EGC in respect of their own holding(s) of such Euro Preference Stock; and holders of Sterling Preference Stock (as defined below) are also entitled to attend and vote on Resolution 2 at the EGC in respect of their own holding(s) of such Sterling Preference Stock. 1A form of proxy for use by Preference Stockholders is enclosed with this Notice (""Preference Form of Proxy""). The holder of the Company's Ordinary Stock (""Ordinary Stock"") is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend  speak  ask questions and vote at the EGC. A form of proxy for use by the holder of the Company's Ordinary Stock (the ""Form of Proxy"") will be delivered to the holder of the Company's Ordinary Stock. Persons who hold their interests in Ordinary Stock and/or Preference Stock as Belgian law rights through the securities settlement system operated by Euroclear Bank SA/NV (""Euroclear Bank"") (the ""EB System"") or as CREST Depository Interests (""CDIs"") through the CREST system (""CREST"") should consult with their custodian  stockbroker or other intermediary at the earliest opportunity for further information on the processes and timelines for submitting proxy votes for the EGC  and objections to the Conversion (defined below)  through the respective systems. To be valid  all proxy instructions (whether submitted (a) directly by way of a completed Form of Proxy or Preference Form of Proxy or (b) electronically via www.eproxyappointment.com in the case of holders of Ordinary Stock and/or Preference Stock in certificated (i.e. paper) form  or (c) through the EB System (in the case of EB Participants) or (d) through CREST (in the case of holders of CDIs))  together with any power of attorney or other authority under which it is executed (or a duly certified copy of any such power or authority)  must be submitted as soon as possible  but in any event so as to be received by the Company's Registrar  Computershare Investor Services (Ireland) Limited (the ""Registrar"")  no later than 10.00 a.m. (Irish time) on Wednesday  22 November 2023  or 48 hours before any adjourned EGC or (in the case of a poll taken otherwise than at or on the same day as the EGC or adjourned EGC) at least 48 hours before the time appointed for the taking of a poll. SEE THE SECTION 'EXPECTED TIMETABLE OF PRINCIPAL EVENTS AND KEY VOTING DEADLINES' ON PAGES 5 TO 6 OF THIS DOCUMENT FOR MORE DETAILS ON VOTING AND OBJECTION DEADLINES. Persons holding interests in Ordinary Stock and/or Preference Stock through the EB System and/or CREST will also need to comply with any additional voting deadlines imposed by their respective service offerings  as well as any additional deadlines set by their custodians  stockbrokers or other intermediaries. All persons affected are recommended to consult with their custodian  stockbroker or other intermediary at the earliest opportunity. A list of deadlines is available on pages 5-6 of this document. Further information on the procedures to be followed in order to validly appoint a proxy are set out on pages 24-28 of this document. Class general meetings of the holders of the Euro Preference Stock and the Sterling Preference Stock will also be held on Friday  24 November 2023 following the conclusion of the EGC for the purposes of seeking the consent of those holders to the variation of the rights attaching to the Euro Preference Stock and the Sterling Preference Stock (""Class Meetings""). Details in relation to the Class Meetings will be posted separately to the Preference Stockholders  and separate voting arrangements will apply in respect of the Class Meetings. This documents contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Group's intent  beliefs or current expectations about the future and can be recognized by the use of words such as ""expects "" ""will ""  ""anticipate "" or words of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of any future performance and are necessarily estimates reflecting the best judgment of the directors of the Company and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. As a consequence  these forward- looking statements should be considered in light of various important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in the forward-looking statements  which include  without limitation  the risk factors set forth in this document. The Company cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realised  although they believe they have been 2prudent in their respective plans and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks  uncertainties and assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate  actual results could vary materially from those anticipated  estimated or projected. The Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events  except as required by applicable law. 3EXPECTED TIMETABLE OF PRINCIPAL EVENTS AND KEY VOTING DEADLINES EGC Timetable A timetable showing the key deadlines for (i) voting on the Resolutions  and (ii) submitting an objection to the conversion of the Preference Stock to redeemable stock is set out below. Detailed instructions on appointing a proxy and voting are set out on pages 24 to 28 of this document. The process to be followed will depend on the manner in which a Stockholder holds their Ordinary Stock and/or Preference Stock. Please note that it is recommended that you consult with your stockbroker or other custodian or intermediary at the earliest opportunity for further information on the processes and timelines for submitting proxy votes for the EGC  and objection notices  through the EB System or CREST. Event Time and/or Date Publication of this Document and Notice of EGC 1 November 2023 Period for Stockholders to object to the 1 November - 1.00 p.m. on Friday  8 December Conversion and the payment of the Redemption Price (the ""Objection Period"") Record Date for the purposes of determining 6.00 p.m. on Monday  20 November 2023 entitlements to vote at the EGC (the ""Record Date"") Latest expected time for return of voting Persons holding their interests through CDIs in instructions on the Resolutions by holders of CREST should consult with their custodian  CDIs stockbroker or other intermediary at the earliest opportunity for further information on the processes and timelines for submitting voting instructions for the EGC Latest expected time for return of voting Persons holding their interests through EB instructions on the Resolutions by EB Participants should consult with their custodian  Participants stockbroker or other intermediary at the earliest opportunity for further information on the processes and timelines for submitting voting instructions for the EGC Latest time for return of voting instructions on 10.00 a.m. on Wednesday  22 November 2023 Resolutions by holders of certificated Ordinary Stock and/or Preference Stock by post or electronically Extraordinary General Court 10.00 a.m. on Friday  24 November 2023 Class Meeting of the Euro Preference 11.00 a.m. on Friday  24 November 2023  or  if Stockholders earlier  immediately following the conclusion of the EGC 5Class Meeting of the Sterling Preference 12.00 p.m. (noon) on Friday  24 November Stockholders 2023  or  if earlier  immediately following the conclusion of the Class Meeting of the Euro Preference Stockholders Amended Bye-Laws become effective Immediately following the conclusion of the EGC  the Class Meeting of the Euro Preference Stockholders and the Class Meeting of the Sterling Preference Stockholders Redemption Notices to be issued to Preference Monday  27 November Stockholders Latest expected time for receipt of Objection Please refer to the EUI Corporate Actions Notice by holders of CDIs (""CREST Objection Bulletin for cut-off deadline Deadline"") Latest expected time for return of Objection 12.00 p.m. (noon) on Friday  8 December 2023 Notice by EB Participants (""EB Objection Deadline"") Latest time for return of Objection Notice by 1.00 p.m. on Friday  8 December 2023 holders of certificated Preference Stock by post or by hand Expiry of Objection Period (""Objection 1.00 p.m. on Friday  8 December 2023 Deadline"") Conversion becomes effective (""Conversion 7.00 p.m. on Friday  8 December 2023 Time"") Redemption and cancellation of Euro Preference 7.00 a.m. on Monday  11 December 2023 Stock and Sterling Preference Stock becomes effective (""Redemption Time"") Payment of the Redemption Price to be made by Monday  11 December 2023 the Company (or its nominee) for the Redemption Proposed delisting date for Preference Stock Prior to 31 December 2023  and such delisting arrangements will be more particularly described in a separate announcement issued by the Company Notes: These dates are given on the basis of the Company's current expectations and are subject to change. If any of the above times and/or dates change  the revised times and/or dates will be notified to Stockholders by announcement through a Regulatory Information Service. All references in this table to times are to Dublin  Ireland times. Forms of Proxy and Preference Forms of Proxy for the EGC must be lodged at least 48 hours prior to the EGC. Proxies for the EGC not submitted by this time will be invalid. Additional deadlines apply to persons holding interests in Ordinary Stock and/or Preference Stock through the EB System and/or CREST and such persons are encouraged to consult with their custodian  stockbroker or other intermediary at the earliest opportunity for further information on the processes and timelines for submitting proxy votes for the EGC  and objections to the Conversion  through the respective systems. 6PART 1 THE GOVERNOR AND COMPANY OF THE BANK OF IRELAND (Established in Ireland by Charter in 1783 and having limited liability with registered no. C-1)) DIRECTORS Patrick Kennedy (Non-Executive Director  Bank Governor) Richard Goulding (Non-Executive Director  Deputy-Governor) Myles O'Grady (Executive Director  Group Chief Executive Officer) Mark Spain (Executive Director  Group Chief Financial Officer) Giles Andrews (Non-Executive Director) Ian Buchanan (Non-Executive Director) Evelyn Bourke (Non-Executive Director) Steve Pateman (Non-Executive Director) Eileen Fitzpatrick (Non-Executive Director) Margaret Sweeney (Non-Executive Director) Michele Greene (Non-Executive Director) COMPANY SECRETARY Sarah McLaughlin REGISTERED OFFICE 40 Mespil Road  Dublin 4  Ireland Letter to Stockholders 1 November 2023 To the holders of Ordinary Stock and Preference Stock Conversion of Euro Preference Stock and Sterling Preference Stock into redeemable stock and the redemption of such stock Amendment of the Bye-Laws Notice of the Extraordinary General Court (""EGC"") of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland (the ""Company"" or the ""Bank"") to be held at Arthur Cox LLP  Ten Earlsfort Terrace  Dublin 2  D03 T380  Ireland on Friday  24 November 2023 at 10.00 a.m. 1. Introduction and Rationale The Company previously announced on 21 June 2023 that its Preference Stock (defined below) no longer qualified as regulatory capital  and that it would be taking steps to remove these instruments  and in doing so  provide liquidity to Preference Stockholders. Subsequent to that announcement  Bank of Ireland Nominee 3 Limited  a subsidiary of the Company's parent company  launched a tender offer to acquire both (i) the 12% Non-Cumulative Euro Preference Stock of €1.27 each in the Company (ISIN IE0000730790) (the ""Euro Preference Stock"")  and (ii) the 12.625% Non-Cumulative Sterling Preference Stock of £1.00 each in the Company (ISIN IE0000730808) (the ""Sterling Preference Stock""  and together with the Euro Preference Stock  the ""Preference Stock"") (the ""Tender Offers""). 7As a result of the Tender Offers  and the related exercise of company law compulsory acquisition rights in respect of the Sterling Preference Stock  Bank of Ireland Nominee 3 Limited acquired approximately 66% of the Euro Preference Stock and 100% of the Sterling Preference Stock. In order to provide additional liquidity in respect of the Euro Preference Stock  and to facilitate the retirement of capital instruments that no longer qualify as regulatory capital  the Company now proposes to convert the Euro Preference Stock into redeemable stock units  which will be redeemed by the Company at the same price as applied in the Tender Offer. The Company is taking a number of steps in this regard: Convening an EGC to approve the conversion of the Euro Preference Stock and Sterling Preference Stock into redeemable stock  and to amend the redemption mechanics in the Bye-Laws This document  including the Notice set out at pages 22-24  convenes an EGC of the Company to approve the conversion of the both the Euro Preference Stock and the Sterling Preference Stock to redeemable stock units  and related changes to the existing Bye-Laws of the Company (the ""Bye- Laws""). Convening separate Class Meetings of the holders of Euro Preference Stock and Sterling Preference Stock The proposed Resolutions also require the separate approval of the holders of the Euro Preference Stock and of the Sterling Preference Stock as separate classes  insofar as the proposed Resolutions vary the rights attaching to that class of stock. Class Meetings of the holders of the Euro Preference Stock and the Sterling Preference Stock will also be held on Friday  24 November 2023. The Company is sending a separate Notice of Class Meeting to the holders of the Preference Stock with details of the Class Meetings. Separate voting arrangements and proxy forms apply in respect of the Class Meetings  as set out in the Notices of Class Meeting. Redemption of the Preference Stock  subject to right of holders to Object If the Resolutions are approved at the EGC and the Class Meetings  the Company will proceed with the redemption of the Euro Preference Stock at the Euro Redemption Price (as defined below)  save for any Euro Preference Stock in respect of which an Objection Notice (as detailed below) has been received. The conversion of the Preference Stock into redeemable stock units is referred to in this document as the ""Conversion""  and the redemption of the Preference Stock held by Non-Objecting Stockholders (defined below) is referred to in this document as the ""Redemption"". Registered holders of Euro Preference Stock (""Euro Preference Stockholders"") who do not wish to have their Euro Preference Stock converted into redeemable stock will be entitled to object to their Euro Preference Stock units being converted into redeemable stock  and if such an objection is received by the Company's Registrar prior to the Objection Deadline  their Euro Preference Stock will not be converted to redeemable stock and will not be redeemed by the Company. Details of how to object to the Conversion are set out in section 2 of this letter. However  Euro Preference Stockholders intending to vote against the Resolutions or to object to the Conversion of their Euro Preference Stock into redeemable stock are advised of the following risks: Risk for Euro Preference Stockholders if the Resolutions are not approved: if the Resolutions are not approved by the requisite majority  the Euro Preference Stock will not be redeemed as envisaged at the Euro Redemption Price (as defined below). It will remain the Bank of Ireland Group's (the "" Group "") intention  however  to acquire all of the Euro 8Preference Stock by some other mechanism  including by way of open market purchases or launching another tender offer. Any subsequent acquisitions will be subject to their own terms and conditions  which may be on terms different from the Redemption  including at a price lower (or higher) than the Euro Redemption Price. Any remaining Euro Preference Stockholders after such a subsequent offer could  where under that subsequent offer the acceptance level for triggering compulsory acquisition rights under the Companies Act 2014 (the ""Companies Act"") is satisfied  therefore become subject to compulsory acquisition by the Group at a price which may be lower than the Redemption Price. Risk for an Objecting Stockholder (defined below) if the Resolutions are approved: if the Resolutions are approved at the EGC and Class Meetings  the Group currently intends to launch a tender offer in respect of the Euro Preference Stock remaining after the Redemption (i.e. the Euro Preference Stock held by stockholders that objected to the Conversion of their Euro Preference Stock into redeemable stock units prior to the Objection Deadline). There is no guarantee that the price in respect of such tender offer will be the same as the Euro Redemption Price and it may be lower (or higher) than the Euro Redemption Price. Bank of Ireland Nominee 3 Limited intends to vote in favour of the Resolutions at the EGC and the Class Meetings. However  in the event that any stockholder objects to the conversion of its Euro Preference Stock into redeemable stock units  Bank of Ireland Nominee 3 Limited intends to also object to its approximately 66% holding of Euro Preference Stock being converted into redeemable stock units so that it can tender its holding of Euro Preference Stock in a subsequent tender offer by a member of the Group. In the event that any holders of Euro Preference Stock objects to the Conversion  further tender offers may be made by a member of the Group. In the event of a subsequent tender offer made by a member of the Group  Bank of Ireland Nominee 3 Limited expects to accept the terms of such tender offer (which may be at a price lower (or higher) than the Euro Redemption Price). Depending on the number of other Objecting Stockholders other than Bank of Ireland Nominee 3 Limited  the 80% acceptance threshold required for triggering the compulsory acquisition procedure under the Companies Act may be satisfied in respect of the subsequent tender offer  and there is a significant risk that any remaining Objecting Stockholders could be subject to a compulsory acquisition  including at a price which may be lower than the Euro Redemption Price. Although it is the Group's current intention to acquire all of the Preference Stock pursuant to the Redemption  or otherwise in respect of Preference Stock held by Objecting Stockholders  please be aware that the Group is not obliged to make further tender offers or repurchases of the Preference Stock in the future  and that the Group's intentions may change from time to time depending on circumstances. The Company also intends to delist the Euro Preference Stock and the Sterling Preference Stock from the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Dublin prior to the end of 2023 (the ""Delisting"")  and a separate announcement will be made by the Company in relation to the cancellation of those listings. Further details of the risks which Preference Stockholders should consider are set out in Part 3 (Key Risks and Further Considerations) of this document. The Resolutions also propose the conversion of the Sterling Preference Stock into redeemable stock units  and their subsequent redemption  as provided for in the amendments to the Bye-Laws proposed in Resolution 3 (the ""Amended Bye-laws""). If the Resolutions are passed  it is the Group's intention that the Sterling Preference Stock will be redeemed at the Sterling Redemption Price (defined below) at the Redemption Time. Bank of Ireland Nominee 3 Limited  as holder of all of the Sterling Preference Stock  intends to vote in favour of the Resolutions at the EGC and the Class Meetings  and thereby 9",neutral,0.02,0.93,0.04,negative,0.02,0.31,0.67,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Court', 'GovCo Circular', 'Bank', 'Ireland', 'Notice', 'November', '11', 'appropriate independent professional adviser', 'independent financial adviser', 'EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL COURT', 'Arthur Cox LLP', 'Ten Earlsfort Terrace', 'Belgian law rights', 'Financial Instruments) Regulations', 'Investment Intermediaries Act', 'Computershare Investor Services', 'securities settlement system', 'Sterling Preference Stock', 'Euro Preference Stock', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'CREST Depository Interests', 'Financial Services', 'EB System', 'redeemable stock', 'Ordinary Stock', 'European Union', 'United Kingdom', 'Markets Act', 'accompanying documents', 'other agent', 'D02 T380', 'CREST system', 'other intermediary', 'earliest opportunity', 'respective systems', 'EB Participants', 'Irish time', 'same day', 'Preference Stockholders', 'holding(s', 'Preference Form', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'other authority', 'key information', 'paper) form', 'proxy votes', 'proxy instructions', 'The Governor', 'doubt', 'course', 'action', 'advice', 'Ireland', 'territory', 'notice', 'person', 'sale', 'transfer', 'transmission', 'purchaser', 'stockbroker', 'offer', 'invitation', 'issue', 'solicitation', 'security', 'jurisdiction', 'conversion', 'amendment', 'Bye-Laws', 'letter', 'pages', 'relation', 'resolutions', 'EGC', 'entirety', 'favour', 'light', 'Dublin', 'Friday', '24 November', '10.00 a', 'use', 'questions', 'CDIs', 'custodian', 'processes', 'timelines', 'objections', 'way', 'eproxyappointment', 'case', 'power', 'attorney', 'certified', 'copy', 'event', 'Registrar', 'Wednesday', 'poll', '48 hours']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32182,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INTERCONTINENTAL-EXCHANGE-14931198/news/Intercontinental-Exchange-Reports-Strong-Third-Quarter-2023-45222898/,Intercontinental Exchange Reports Strong Third Quarter 2023,(marketscreener.com) Intercontinental Exchange Record 3Q23 net revenues of $2.0 billion  +11% y/y3Q23 GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.963Q23 adj. diluted earnings per share of $1.463Q23 operating income of $845 million  % y/y; adj. op…,"Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE: ICE)Record 3Q23 net revenues of $2.0 billion  +11% y/y3Q23 GAAP diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $0.963Q23 adj. diluted earnings per share of $1.463Q23 operating income of $845 million  (7)% y/y; adj. operating income of $1.2 billion  +10% y/y3Q23 operating margin of 42%; adj. operating margin of 59%Completed the strategic acquisition of Black Knight on September 5  2023 Jeffrey C. Sprecher ICE Chair & Chief Executive Officer  said ""We are pleased to report our third quarter results  which extend our track record of revenue and earnings per share growth. Our customers continue to rely on our mission-critical data and technology to manage risk and capture workflow efficiencies through an array of macroeconomic environments  reflecting the all-weather nature of our business model. In addition  in early September  we completed our strategic acquisition of Black Knight  expanding our mortgage network while also enhancing the resiliency of our long-term growth profile. As we look to balance of the year and beyond  we remain focused on continuing to drive innovation  deliver workflow efficiencies  and deliver value to our stockholders.""Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE: ICE)  a leading global provider of data  technology and market infrastructure  today reported financial results for the third quarter of 2023. For the quarter ended September 30  2023  consolidated net income attributable to ICE was $541 million on $2.0 billion of consolidated revenues  less transaction-based expenses. Third quarter GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.96. Adjusted net income attributable to ICE was $824 million in the third quarter and adjusted diluted EPS was $1.46. Please refer to the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures included in this press release for more information on our adjusted operating expenses  adjusted operating income  adjusted operating margin  adjusted net income  adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted free cash flow.Warren Gardiner  ICE Chief Financial Officer  added: ""In the third quarter  we once again generated revenue and earnings per share growth  driven by a continuation of robust trading results across our commodity complex and compounding growth in our recurring revenues. Our strong results are a testament to the power of our diverse business model and  as we approach the end of 2023  we are focused on extending our track record of growth and creating value for our stockholders.""Third Quarter 2023 Business HighlightsThird quarter consolidated net revenues were $2.0 billion including exchange net revenues of $1.1 billion  fixed income and data services revenues of $559 million and mortgage technology revenues of $330 million. Consolidated operating expenses were $1.2 billion for the third quarter of 2023. On an adjusted basis  consolidated operating expenses were $812 million. Consolidated operating income for the third quarter was $845 million and the operating margin was 42%. On an adjusted basis  consolidated operating income for the third quarter was $1.2 billion and the adjusted operating margin was 59%.$ (in millions) NetRevenue OpMargin Adj OpMargin 3Q23 Exchanges $1 114 72% 73% Fixed Income and Data Services $559 36% 44% Mortgage Technology $330 (48)% 39% Consolidated $2 003 42% 59% 3Q23 3Q22 % Chg Recurring Revenue $1 031 $930 11% Transaction Revenue  net $972 $881 10%Exchanges Segment ResultsThird quarter exchange net revenues were $1.1 billion. Exchange operating expenses were $313 million and on an adjusted basis  were $297 million in the third quarter. Segment operating income for the third quarter was $801 million and the operating margin was 72%. On an adjusted basis  operating income was $817 million and the adjusted operating margin was 73%.$ (in millions) 3Q23 3Q22 % Chg ConstCurr(1) Revenue  net: Energy $384 $266 45% 42% Ags and Metals 61 57 7% 6% Financials(2) 112 122 (8)% (13)% Cash Equities and Equity Options 93 88 5% 5% OTC and Other(3) 104 121 (15)% (16)% Data and Connectivity Services 236 219 8% 8% Listings 124 128 (4)% (4)% Segment Revenue $1 114 $1 001 11% 10% Recurring Revenue $360 $347 4% 4% Transaction Revenue  net $754 $654 15% 13%(1) Net revenues in constant currency are calculated holding both the pound sterling and euro at the average exchange rate from 3Q22  1.1774 and 1.0071  respectively. (2) Financials include interest rates and other financial futures and options. (3) OTC & other includes physical energy  interest income on certain clearing margin deposits  regulatory penalties and fines  fees for use of our facilities  regulatory fees charged to member organizations of our U.S. securities exchanges  designated market maker service fees  technology development fees  exchange member fees  and agriculture grading and certification fees.Fixed Income and Data Services Segment ResultsThird quarter fixed income and data services revenues were $559 million. Fixed income and data services operating expenses were $358 million and adjusted operating expenses were $316 million in the third quarter. Segment operating income for the third quarter was $201 million and the operating margin was 36%. On an adjusted basis  operating income was $243 million and the adjusted operating margin was 44%.$ (in millions) 3Q23 3Q22 % Chg ConstCurr(1) Revenue: Fixed Income Execution $29 $26 10% 9% CDS Clearing 94 88 6% 5% Fixed Income Data and Analytics 279 273 2% 2% Other Data and Network Services 157 147 7% 6% Segment Revenue $559 $534 5% 4% Recurring Revenue $436 $420 4% 3% Transaction Revenue $123 $114 7% 6%(1) Net revenues in constant currency are calculated holding both the pound sterling and euro at the average exchange rate from 3Q22  1.1774 and 1.0071  respectively.Mortgage Technology Segment ResultsThird quarter mortgage technology revenues were $330 million. Mortgage technology operating expenses were $487 million and adjusted operating expenses were $199 million in the third quarter. Segment operating loss for the third quarter was $157 million and the operating margin was (48)%. On an adjusted basis  operating income was $131 million and the adjusted operating margin was 39%.$ (in millions) 3Q23 3Q22 % Chg Revenue: Origination Technology $172 $197 (13)% Closing Solutions 48 56 (14)% Servicing Software 69 — n/a Data and Analytics 41 23 76% Segment Revenue $330 $276 20% Recurring Revenue $235 $163 44% Transaction Revenue $95 $113 (16)%Other MattersOperating cash flow through the third quarter of 2023 was $2.6 billion and adjusted free cash flow was $2.5 billion.Unrestricted cash was $837 million and outstanding debt was $23.3 billion as of September 30  2023.Through the third quarter of 2023  ICE paid $713 million in dividends.Updated Financial GuidanceICE's fourth quarter 2023 GAAP operating expenses are expected to be in a range of $1.21 billion to $1.22 billion. Adjusted operating expenses (1) are expected to be in a range of $955 million to $965 million.to $1.22 billion. Adjusted operating expenses are expected to be in a range of $955 million to $965 million. ICE's fourth quarter 2023 GAAP non-operating expense (2) is expected to be in the range of $240 million to $245 million. Adjusted non-operating expense is expected to be in the range of $225 million to $230 million.is expected to be in the range of $240 million to $245 million. Adjusted non-operating expense is expected to be in the range of $225 million to $230 million. ICE's diluted share count for the fourth quarter is expected to be in the range of 572 million to 576 million weighted average shares outstanding.ICE's full year capital expenditures is now expected to be in the range of $500 million to $525 million; includes four months of Black Knight.(1) 4Q23 non-GAAP operating expenses exclude amortization of acquisition-related intangibles  and Black Knight integration costs. (2) Non-operating expense includes interest income  interest expense and net other income/expense. Non-GAAP non-operating expense excludes equity earnings/losses from unconsolidated investees.Earnings Conference Call InformationICE will hold a conference call today  November 2  2023  at 8:30 a.m. ET to review its third quarter 2023 financial results. A live audio webcast of the earnings call will be available on the company's website at www.theice.com in the investor relations section. Participants may also listen via telephone by dialing 833-470-1428 from the United States or 929-526-1599 from outside of the United States. Telephone participants are required to provide the participant entry number 746760 and are recommended to call 10 minutes prior to the start of the call. The call will be archived on the company's website for replay.The conference call for the fourth quarter 2023 earnings has been scheduled for February 8th  2024 at 8:30 a.m. ET. Please refer to the Investor Relations website at www.ir.theice.com for additional information.Historical futures  options and cash ADV  rate per contract  open interest data and CDS cleared information can be found at: https://ir.theice.com/investor-resources/supplemental-information/default.aspxConsolidated Statements of Income (In millions  except per share amounts) (Unaudited) Nine Months EndedSeptember 30  Three Months EndedSeptember 30  Revenues: 2023 2022 2023 2022 Exchanges $ 4 754 $ 4 824 $ 1 540 $ 1 577 Fixed income and data services 1 668 1 555 559 534 Mortgage technology 815 880 330 276 Total revenues 7 237 7 259 2 429 2 387 Transaction-based expenses: Section 31 fees 231 332 56 158 Cash liquidity payments  routing and clearing 1 219 1 403 370 418 Total revenues  less transaction-based expenses 5 787 5 524 2 003 1 811 Operating expenses: Compensation and benefits 1 103 1 058 400 344 Professional services 88 101 31 32 Acquisition-related transaction and integration costs 201 81 155 19 Technology and communication 529 513 184 169 Rent and occupancy 65 63 20 22 Selling  general and administrative 196 166 59 54 Depreciation and amortization 836 768 309 258 Total operating expenses 3 018 2 750 1 158 898 Operating income 2 769 2 774 845 913 Other income/(expense): Interest income 287 42 94 33 Interest expense (557 ) (440 ) (206 ) (176 ) Other expense  net (121 ) (1 132 ) (51 ) (1 097 ) Total other income/(expense)  net (391 ) (1 530 ) (163 ) (1 240 ) Income/(loss) before income tax expense 2 378 1 244 682 (327 ) Income tax expense/(benefit) 330 186 123 (152 ) Net income/(loss) $ 2 048 $ 1 058 $ 559 $ (175 ) Net income attributable to non-controlling interest (53 ) (37 ) (18 ) (16 ) Net income/(loss) attributable to Intercontinental Exchange  Inc. $ 1 995 $ 1 021 $ 541 $ (191 ) Earnings/(loss) per share attributable to Intercontinental Exchange  Inc. common stockholders: Basic $ 3.56 $ 1.83 $ 0.96 $ (0.34 ) Diluted $ 3.55 $ 1.82 $ 0.96 $ (0.34 ) Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 561 559 563 558 Diluted 562 561 565 560Consolidated Balance Sheets (In millions) As of September 30  2023 As of (Unaudited) December 31  2022 Assets: Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 837 $ 1 799 Short-term restricted cash and cash equivalents 471 6 149 Restricted short-term investments 730 — Cash and cash equivalent margin deposits and guaranty funds 79 297 141 990 Invested deposits  delivery contracts receivable and unsettled variation margin 1 899 5 382 Customer accounts receivable  net 1 422 1 169 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 741 458 Total current assets 85 397 156 947 Property and equipment  net 1 918 1 767 Other non-current assets: Goodwill 30 463 21 111 Other intangible assets  net 17 595 13 090 Long-term restricted cash and cash equivalents 190 405 Long-term restricted investments 199 — Other non-current assets 1 260 1 018 Total other non-current assets 49 707 35 624 Total assets $ 137 022 $ 194 338 Liabilities and Equity: Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ 964 $ 866 Section 31 fees payable 18 223 Accrued salaries and benefits 377 352 Deferred revenue 334 170 Short-term debt 2 257 4 Margin deposits and guaranty funds 79 297 141 990 Invested deposits  delivery contracts payable and unsettled variation margin 1 899 5 382 Other current liabilities 136 184 Total current liabilities 85 282 149 171 Non-current liabilities: Non-current deferred tax liability  net 4 210 3 493 Long-term debt 21 042 18 118 Accrued employee benefits 177 160 Non-current operating lease liability 306 254 Other non-current liabilities 493 381 Total non-current liabilities 26 228 22 406 Total liabilities 111 510 171 577 Equity: Intercontinental Exchange  Inc. stockholders’ equity: Common stock 6 6 Treasury stock  at cost (6 278 ) (6 225 ) Additional paid-in capital 15 837 14 313 Retained earnings 16 225 14 943 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (331 ) (331 ) Total Intercontinental Exchange  Inc. stockholders’ equity 25 459 22 706 Non-controlling interest in consolidated subsidiaries 53 55 Total equity 25 512 22 761 Total liabilities and equity $ 137 022 $ 194 338Non-GAAP Financial Measures and ReconciliationWe use non-GAAP measures internally to evaluate our performance and in making financial and operational decisions. When viewed in conjunction with our GAAP results and the accompanying reconciliation  we believe that our presentation of these measures provides investors with greater transparency and a greater understanding of factors affecting our financial condition and results of operations than GAAP measures alone. In addition  we believe the presentation of these measures is useful to investors for period-to-period comparison of results because the items described below as adjustments to GAAP are not reflective of our core business performance. These financial measures are not in accordance with  or an alternative to  GAAP financial measures and may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. We use these adjusted results because we believe they more clearly highlight trends in our business that may not otherwise be apparent when relying solely on GAAP financial measures  since these measures eliminate from our results specific financial items that have less bearing on our core operating performance. We strongly recommend that investors review the GAAP financial measures and additional non-GAAP information included in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  including our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto.Adjusted operating expenses  adjusted operating income  adjusted operating margin  adjusted net income attributable to ICE common stockholders  adjusted diluted earnings per share and adjusted free cash flow for the periods presented below are calculated by adding or subtracting the adjustments described below  which are not reflective of our cash operations and core business performance  and their related income tax effect and other tax adjustments (in millions  except for per share amounts):Adjusted Operating Income  Operating Margin and Operating Expense Reconciliation (In millions) (Unaudited) ExchangesSegment Fixed Incomeand DataServicesSegment MortgageTechnologySegment Consolidated Nine MonthsEndedSeptember 30  Nine MonthsEndedSeptember 30  Nine MonthsEndedSeptember 30  Nine MonthsEndedSeptember 30  2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 Total revenues  less transaction-based expenses $ 3 304 $ 3 089 $ 1 668 $ 1 555 $ 815 $ 880 $ 5 787 $ 5 524 Operating expenses 944 904 1 057 1 029 1 017 817 3 018 2 750 Less: Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles 49 50 127 137 316 271 492 458 Less: Transaction and integration costs — — — — 201 79 201 79 Less: Other 17 — — — — — 17 — Adjusted operating expenses $ 878 $ 854 $ 930 $ 892 $ 500 $ 467 $ 2 308 $ 2 213 Operating income/(loss) $ 2 360 $ 2 185 $ 611 $ 526 $ (202 ) $ 63 $ 2 769 $ 2 774 Adjusted operating income $ 2 426 $ 2 235 $ 738 $ 663 $ 315 $ 413 $ 3 479 $ 3 311 Operating margin 71 % 71 % 37 % 34 % (25 )% 7 % 48 % 50 % Adjusted operating margin 73 % 72 % 44 % 43 % 39 % 47 % 60 % 60 %Adjusted Operating Income  Operating Margin and Operating Expense Reconciliation (In millions) (Unaudited) ExchangesSegment Fixed Incomeand DataServicesSegment MortgageTechnologySegment Consolidated Three MonthsEndedSeptember 30  Three MonthsEndedSeptember 30  Three MonthsEndedSeptember 30  Three MonthsEndedSeptember 30  2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 Total revenues  less transaction-based expenses $ 1 114 $ 1 001 $ 559 $ 534 $ 330 $ 276 $ 2 003 $ 1 811 Operating expenses 313 301 358 337 487 260 1 158 898 Less: Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles 16 17 42 44 133 91 191 152 Less: Transaction and integration costs — — — — 155 19 155 19 Adjusted operating expenses $ 297 $ 284 $ 316 $ 293 $ 199 $ 150 $ 812 $ 727 Operating income/(loss) $ 801 $ 700 $ 201 $ 197 $ (157 ) $ 16 $ 845 $ 913 Adjusted operating income $ 817 $ 717 $ 243 $ 241 $ 131 $ 126 $ 1 191 $ 1 084 Operating margin 72 % 70 % 36 % 37 % (48 )% 6 % 42 % 50 % Adjusted operating margin 73 % 72 % 44 % 45 % 39 % 46 % 59 % 60 %Adjusted Net Income Attributable to ICE and Diluted EPS (In millions) (Unaudited) Nine MonthsEndedSeptember 30 2023 Nine MonthsEndedSeptember 30 2022 Net income attributable to ICE $ 1 995 $ 1 021 Add: Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles 492 458 Add: Transaction and integration costs 201 79 Add/(Less): Net interest (income)/expense on pre-acquisition-related debt and debt extinguishment (12 ) 79 Less: Gain on sale of Euroclear equity investment and dividends received — (41 ) Add: Net losses from and impairment of unconsolidated investees 91 1 152 Add: Other 40 9 Less: Income tax effect for the above items (178 ) (478 ) Less: Deferred tax adjustments on acquisition-related intangibles (131 ) (3 ) Less: Other tax adjustments (81 ) — Adjusted net income attributable to ICE $ 2 417 $ 2 276 Diluted earnings per share $ 3.55 $ 1.82 Adjusted diluted earnings per share $ 4.30 $ 4.06 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 562 561Adjusted Net Income Attributable to ICE and Diluted EPS (In millions) (Unaudited) Three MonthsEndedSeptember 30 2023 Three MonthsEndedSeptember 30 2022 Net income/(Loss) attributable to ICE $ 541 $ (191 ) Add: Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles 191 152 Add: Transaction and integration costs 155 19 Add: Net interest expense on pre-acquisition-related debt and debt extinguishment — 31 Add: Net losses from and impairment of unconsolidated investees 26 1 095 Add: Other 23 — Less: Income tax effect for the above items (66 ) (355 ) Less: Deferred tax adjustments on acquisition-related intangibles (46 ) (18 ) Adjusted net income attributable to ICE $ 824 $ 733 Diluted earnings/(loss) per share $ 0.96 $ (0.34 ) Adjusted diluted earnings per share $ 1.46 $ 1.31 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 565 560Adjusted Free Cash Flow Calculation (In millions) (Unaudited) Nine Months EndedSeptember 30  2023 Nine Months EndedSeptember 30  2022 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 2 573 $ 2 462 Less: Capital expenditures (104 ) (125 ) Less: Capitalized software development costs (222 ) (200 ) Free cash flow 2 247 2 137 Add/(Less): Section 31 fees  net 205 (1 ) Adjusted free cash flow $ 2 452 $ 2 136About Intercontinental ExchangeIntercontinental Exchange  Inc. (NYSE: ICE) is a Fortune 500 company that designs  builds and operates digital networks to connect people to opportunity. We provide financial technology and data services across major asset classes that offer our customers access to mission-critical workflow tools that increase transparency and operational efficiencies. We operate exchanges  including the New York Stock Exchange  and clearing houses that help people invest  raise capital and manage risk across multiple asset classes. Our comprehensive fixed income data services and execution capabilities provide information  analytics and platforms that help our customers capitalize on opportunities and operate more efficiently. At ICE Mortgage Technology  we are transforming and digitizing the U.S. residential mortgage process  from consumer engagement through loan registration. Together  we transform  streamline and automate industries to connect our customers to opportunity.Trademarks of ICE and/or its affiliates include Intercontinental Exchange  ICE  ICE block design  NYSE and New York Stock Exchange. Information regarding additional trademarks and intellectual property rights of Intercontinental Exchange  Inc. and/or its affiliates is located at http://www.intercontinentalexchange.com/terms-of-use. Key Information Documents for certain products covered by the EU Packaged Retail and Insurance-based Investment Products Regulation can be accessed on the relevant exchange website under the heading “Key Information Documents (KIDS).”Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 - Statements in this press release regarding ICE's business that are not historical facts are ""forward-looking statements"" that involve risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  see ICE's Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings  including  but not limited to  the risk factors in Intercontinental Exchange  Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2022  as filed with the SEC on February 2  2023. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made  and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of an unanticipated event. New factors emerge from time to time  and it is not possible for management to predict all factors that may affect our business and prospects. Further  management cannot assess the impact of each factor on the business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.Category: CorporateSOURCE: Intercontinental ExchangeICE-CORPView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231102440277/en/",neutral,0.12,0.86,0.01,positive,0.82,0.16,0.02,True,English,"['Strong Third Quarter', 'Intercontinental Exchange', 'Revenue Op Margin Adj Op Margin', 'U.S. securities exchanges', 'Third quarter consolidated net revenues', 'Third quarter exchange net revenues', 'market maker service fees', 'Third Quarter 2023 Business Highlights', 'ICE Chief Financial Officer', 'Record 3Q23 net revenues', 'data services operating expenses', 'Data Services Segment Results', 'Third quarter fixed income', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'adj. operating margin', 'clearing margin deposits', 'Jeffrey C. Sprecher', 'leading global provider', 'less transaction-based expenses', 'average exchange rate', 'robust trading results', 'Consolidated operating expenses', 'data services revenues', 'GAAP financial measures', 'adj. operating income', 'adjusted operating expenses', 'Exchange operating expenses', 'consolidated net income', 'free cash flow', 'diverse business model', 'Exchanges Segment Results', '3Q23 operating margin', 'third quarter results', 'Consolidated operating income', 'Third quarter GAAP', 'long-term growth profile', 'exchange member fees', '3Q23 operating income', 'Segment operating income', 'other financial futures', 'mortgage technology revenues', 'technology development fees', 'Chg Recurring Revenue', 'consolidated revenues', '3Q23 adj', 'financial results', '3Q23 Exchanges', 'recurring revenues', '3Q23 GAAP', 'Intercontinental Exchange', 'market infrastructure', 'Connectivity Services', 'strong results', 'Segment Revenue', 'track record', 'mission-critical data', 'Chg Const', 'Cash Equities', 'interest income', 'regulatory fees', 'member organizations', 'certification fees', 'mortgage network', 'Transaction Revenue', 'strategic acquisition', 'Black Knight', 'workflow efficiencies', 'macroeconomic environments', 'weather nature', 'press release', 'Warren Gardiner', 'commodity complex', 'compounding growth', 'constant currency', 'pound sterling', 'interest rates', 'regulatory penalties', 'agriculture grading', 'ICE Chair', 'early September', 'physical energy', 'share growth', 'diluted EPS', 'NYSE', 'earnings', 'customers', 'risk', 'array', 'addition', 'resiliency', 'balance', 'year', 'innovation', 'value', 'stockholders', 'reconciliation', 'information', 'continuation', 'testament', 'power', 'end', 'basis', 'millions', 'Ags', 'Metals', 'Financials', 'Equity', 'Options', 'OTC', 'Listings', 'euro', '3Q22', 'fines', 'use', 'facilities']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32183,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TITAN-CEMENT-INTERNATIONA-62465406/news/Titan-Cement-International-Financial-Calendar-2024-45223238/,Titan Cement International : Financial Calendar 2024 -November 02  2023 at 07:50 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)    Media Release     Announcement of the financial calendar 2024   Brussels  2 November 2023  12:00 CET - Titan Cement International S.A. announces its financial calendar for 2024.      13...https://www.marketscreener.com…,Announcement of the financial calendar 2024Brussels  2 November 2023  12:00 CET - Titan Cement International S.A. (Euronext Brussels  ATHEX and Euronext Paris  TITC) announces its financial calendar for 2024.13 March 2024 Publication of the fourth quarter and full year 2023 results 28 March 2024 Publication of the Integrated Annual Report 2023 9 May 2024 Publication of the first quarter 2024 results 9 May 2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders 31 July 2024 Publication of the second quarter and half year 2024 results 7 November 2024 Publication of the third quarter and nine months 2024 results- This press release may be consulted on the website of Titan Cement International SA via this link: https://ir.titan- cement.com/en/regulatory-stock-exchange-announcementsFor further information  please contact Investor Relations at +30 210 2591 257About Titan Cement International SATITAN Group is a leading international business in the building and infrastructure materials industry  with passionate teams committed to providing innovative solutions for a better world. With most of its activity in the USA  the Group employs over 5 000 people and operates in more than 25 countries  holding prominent positions in the USA  Greece  the Balkans  and the Eastern Mediterranean. The Group also has a joint venture in Brazil. With a 120-year history  TITAN has always fostered a family- and entrepreneurial-oriented culture for its employees and works tirelessly with its customers to meet the modern needs of society while promoting sustainable growth with responsibility and integrity. TITAN has set a net-zero goal for 2050 and has its CO₂ reduction targets validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). The company is listed on Euronext and the Athens Exchange. For more information  visit our website at www.titan-cement.com.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Titan Cement International', 'Financial Calendar', 'November', 'Titan Cement International S.A.', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'Titan Cement International SA', 'leading international business', 'CO₂ reduction targets', 'Integrated Annual Report', 'Annual General Meeting', 'infrastructure materials industry', 'first quarter 2024 results', 'titan- cement', 'TITAN Group', 'fourth quarter', 'second quarter', 'third quarter', 'financial calendar', 'full year', 'half year', 'nine months', 'press release', 'Investor Relations', 'passionate teams', 'innovative solutions', 'prominent positions', 'Eastern Mediterranean', 'joint venture', '120-year history', 'entrepreneurial-oriented culture', 'modern needs', 'sustainable growth', 'net-zero goal', 'Athens Exchange', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Group', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Announcement', '2 November', '12:00 CET', 'ATHEX', 'TITC', 'March', 'Publication', 'May', 'Shareholders', 'website', 'link', 'information', 'building', 'world', 'activity', 'USA', '5,000 people', '25 countries', 'Greece', 'Balkans', 'Brazil', 'employees', 'customers', 'society', 'responsibility', 'integrity', 'SBTi', 'company', 'titan-cement', '30', '2050']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32184,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-DE-VELDE-NV-6022/news/Van-de-Velde-Acquisition-of-treasury-shares-45227670/,Van de Velde : Acquisition of treasury shares -November 02  2023 at 01:07 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)   02.11.2023 - 18h00 Regulated information   Acquisition of treasury shares   In order to reduce the excess cash of the company the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV proceeded with the purchase of shares on the market of Euron…,02.11.2023 - 18h00 Regulated informationAcquisition of treasury sharesIn order to reduce the excess cash of the company the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV proceeded with the purchase of shares on the market of Euronext Brussels. The following treasury shares have been acquired during the period of 24 October 2023 until and including 31 October 2023:Transaction Date Number of shares Average price Minimum price Maximum price (€/share) (€/share) (€/share) 24/10/2023 408 32 15 32 15 32 15 25/10/2023 404 32 25 32 10 32 30 26/10/2023 434 32 05 32 05 32 05 27/10/2023 300 31 87 31 85 31 90 30/10/2023 420 31 87 31 80 31 90 31/10/2023 117 31 65 31 55 31 80Total number of shares = 2.083. Average price = 32 02 €/share. Total amount = 66.706 19 €.The authorization to acquire own shares was granted to the Board of Directors on 27 April 2022 during the extraordinary meeting of shareholders.On 31 October 2023  230.914 own shares are held by Van de Velde NV  including the 11.000 shares that were already purchased in the context of a stock option plan. This represents 1 8 per cent of the total number of shares of Van de Velde NV.Van de Velde creates fashionable lingerie of superior quality with its premium  complementary brands PrimaDonna  Marie Jo and Andres Sarda. 'We ignite the power in women': Van de Velde believes in the power of people  and the power 'in' women in particular. Our purpose is to enhance the self-confidence of women through fashionable lingerie and in-store service.We work in close partnership with 3.600 independent lingerie boutiques worldwide. In addition  we have our own retail network with retail brands Rigby & Peller and Lincherie. Our geographical center of gravity is Europe and North America. Van de Velde employs almost 1.500 employees and is listed on Euronext Brussels.CONTACTSFor more information  contact:Van de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - +32 (0)9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.euKarel Verlinde CommV always represented by Karel VerlindeChief Executive OfficerVan de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - Belgium - T. +32 9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.eu - info@vandevelde.eu,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Van de Velde', 'treasury shares', 'Acquisition', 'November', '01:07', 'Karel Verlinde Chief Executive Officer Van de Velde NV', 'Karel Verlinde CommV', 'Average price Minimum price', 'stock option plan', 'premium, complementary brands', 'Transaction Date Number', '3.600 independent lingerie boutiques', 'following treasury shares', 'Maximum price', 'retail brands', 'Total number', 'fashionable lingerie', 'excess cash', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Total amount', 'extraordinary meeting', '1,8 per cent', 'superior quality', 'Marie Jo', 'Andres Sarda', 'store service', 'close partnership', 'retail network', 'geographical center', 'North America', 'Regulated information', '11.000 shares', 'Acquisition', 'order', 'company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'purchase', 'market', 'period', '24 October', '31 October', 'authorization', '27 April', 'shareholders', 'context', 'PrimaDonna', 'power', 'women', 'people', 'purpose', 'self-confidence', 'addition', 'Rigby', 'Peller', 'Lincherie', 'gravity', 'Europe', '1.500 employees', 'CONTACTS', 'Lageweg', '9260 Schellebelle', 'vandevelde', 'Belgium', 'T.', '230.914', '32']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32185,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RACING-FORCE-S-P-A-129457864/news/Racing-Force-S-p-a-Racing-Force-Group-2024-Financial-Calendar-45227430/,Racing Force S.p.a. : Racing Force Group -November 02  2023 at 12:50 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)  Racing Force S.p.A.  the parent company of Racing Force Group  which is specialized in the development  production  and marketing of safety components for motorsports worldwide  listed on the Euronext Growth segment in Milan and Paris …,"Racing Force S.p.A.  the parent company of Racing Force Group  which is specialized in the development  production  and marketing of safety components for motorsports worldwide  listed on the Euronext Growth segment in Milan (RFG) and Paris (ALRFG)  announces the 2024 financial calendar:6th February 2024 Communication of consolidated sales figures for Q4 and Full Year 202327th March 2024 Board of Directors to approve the company's draft financial statements and the Group's consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 31  202328th March 2024 Management Call: Comments on 2023 results23rd April 2024 Communication of consolidated sales figures for Q1 202430th April 2024 Shareholders' meeting for the approval of the Company's financial statements and presentation of the Group's consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 31  202324th July 2024 Communication of consolidated sales figures for Q2 and Half Year 202424th September 2024 Board of Directors meeting to approve the Group's consolidated half-yearly report as at 30 June  202425th September 2024 Management Call: Comments on half-year results22nd October 2024 Communication of consolidated sales figures for Q3 and first nine months of 2024Any changes to the calendar during the year will be promptly communicated to the market in the same mode.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nZpvZ8pqZGmXym6eYZ1mmpNsmWhlmJKYmZXJxWOeYsidmG1hxpeXbJrLZnFjnGVn- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82701-rfg-pr-financial-calendar-eng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Racing Force S', 'Racing Force Group', 'November', '12:50', 'Racing Force S.p.A.', '28th March 2024 Management Call', 'Racing Force Group', '27th March 2024 Board', 'Euronext Growth segment', 'consolidated sales figures', 'first nine months', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'draft financial statements', 'consolidated financial statements', '24th September 2024 Board', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', '24th July', '25th September', 'other releases', '2024 financial calendar', 'safety components', '6th February', '23rd April', '30th April 2024', ""Shareholders' meeting"", 'half-yearly report', '22nd October', 'same mode', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'Half Year', 'half-year results', 'parent company', 'Full Year', '2023 results', 'development', 'production', 'marketing', 'motorsports', 'Milan', 'RFG', 'Paris', 'Communication', 'Q4', 'Directors', '31 December', 'Comments', 'Q1', 'approval', 'presentation', 'Q2', '30 June', 'Q3', 'changes', 'publication', 'nZpvZ8pqZGmXym6eYZ1mmpNsmWhlmJKYmZXJxWOeYsidmG1hxpeXbJrLZnFjnGVn', 'PDF', 'email']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32186,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/02/2772680/0/en/COFACE-SA-Disclosure-of-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-number-of-shares-in-the-capital-as-at-31-October-2023.html,COFACE SA: Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares in the capital as at 31 October 2023,COFACE SA: Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares in the capital as at 31 October 2023  Paris  2nd November 2023 – 17.45...,About CofaceCOFACE SA is a société anonyme (joint-stock corporation)  with a Board of Directors (Conseil d’Administration) incorporated under the laws of France  and is governed by the provisions of the French Commercial Code. The Company is registered with the Nanterre Trade and Companies Register (Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés) under the number 432 413 599. The Company’s registered office is at 1 Place Costes et Bellonte  92270 Bois Colombes  France.At the date of 31 October 2023  the Company’s share capital amounts to €300 359 584  divided into 150 179 792 shares  all of the same class  and all of which are fully paid up and subscribed.All regulated information is available on the company’s website (http://www.coface.com/Investors).Coface SA. is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment AISIN: FR0010667147 / Ticker: COFA,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['COFACE SA', 'voting rights', 'total number', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', '31\xa0October', 'société anonyme', 'French Commercial Code', 'Sociétés', 'joint-stock corporation', 'Nanterre Trade', 'Companies Register', 'Registre du', 'registered office', '1 Place Costes', '92270 Bois Colombes', 'share capital', 'same class', 'regulated information', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment A', 'COFACE SA', 'The Company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Conseil', 'laws', 'France', 'provisions', 'Commerce', 'number', 'Bellonte', 'date', '31 October', '150,179,792 shares', 'website', 'Investors', 'ISIN', 'Ticker']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,globenewswire.com
32187,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/02/2772685/0/en/HOPSCOTCH-GROUPE-Turnover-Gross-Margin-of-3rd-Quarter-2023.html,HOPSCOTCH GROUPE : Turnover & Gross Margin of 3rd Quarter 2023,Press Release Paris  November 2  2023  5:30 p.m.Quarterly Results Section    HOPSCOTCH GROUPETurnover & Gross Margin of 3rd Quarter...,Press ReleaseParis  November 2  2023  5:30 p.m.Quarterly Results SectionHOPSCOTCH GROUPETurnover & Gross Margin of3rd Quarter 2023Continued Steady GrowthGross Margin + 9.1%HOPSCOTCH Groupe (Euronext FR0000065278)  a communications consultancy group and major player in Digital  Public Relations  Influence  and Events  presents today its third quarter results for 2023.M€ (*) Q1 Q2 Q3 (*)TOTAL Consolidated Turnover 2023Consolidated Gross Margin 2023 51 018 3 72 023 7 57 321 4 180 263 4 Consolidated Turnover 2022Consolidated Gross Margin 2022 45 316 7 63 521 5 52 619 9 161 458 1 Turnover VariationGross Margin Variation +12.5%+9.3% +13.4%+10.2% +8.9%+7.5% +11.7%+9.1%(*) Unaudited dataHopscotch Groupe's consolidated turnover to September 30  2023  amounted to 180.2 million euros (+11.7%)  with a gross margin of 63.4 million euros (+9.1%). The third quarter continued the trend  but without benefiting from the scope effect generated by the consolidation of the Sport division from the third quarter of 2022. Good performances in the events sector account for a large part of the growth recorded.Hopscotch Groupe expects to benefit from the same momentum over the full year. The group's participation in the sporting events during the summer of 2024 will begin contributing to this momentum in the second half of 2023  but the main focus will remain on the fiscal year of 2024.Hopscotch Groupe will publish its Q4 2023 sales on February 6  after stock market trading hours come to a close.________Shareholder ContactPierre-Franck MOLEY - Chief Executive Officer - Tel. 01 41 34 20 56 - pfmoley@hopscotchgroupe.comPress ContactJodie KNOEPFLER CONSCIENCE – Assistant to the Management Board - Tel. 01 41 34 20 51 - jodiekc@hopscotchgroupe.com________About HOPSCOTCHHOPSCOTCH is an international communications group founded in France  directed by its founders and its managers  all guided by a business vision carried forward by the complementarity of expertise. HOPSCOTCH’s founding belief? “Global PR”  created around a unique mix of digital  event management  influence  public relations  and marketing services  for both Art de Vivre and corporate challenges.HOPSCOTCH brings together in France (Paris  Lyon  Lille  Marseille) and internationally (4 continental hubs in Asia  America  Europe  & Middle East) more than 800 expert collaborators in all communication skills: influence  events  activation  digitalization  internal communications  public affairs  marketing services…Convinced that the value of an enterprise or organization resides in the care given to its capital of human relations  HOPSCOTCH structures its expertise around its own brand “Hopscotch” (Events / PR / Travel / Décideurs / Congrès / Luxe / Sport)  and specialized agencies: AD crew  Alizeum  heaven  Hopscotch Interface Tourism  Human to Human  Le Public Système Cinéma  Le Public Système PR  Sagarmatha  Sopexa  Sport&Co and Uniteam.HOPSCOTCH now has an integrated international network of 40 offices in 5 continents and operations in over 60 countries.Listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: ALHOP FR 00000 6527 8)  the group represents a turnover of246.9 million and a gross margin of €86.1 million in 2022.Follow us: www.hopscotchgroupe.com et sur LinkedIn / Twitter / Instagram @HOPSCOTCHgroupeAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.44,0.19,0.37,True,English,"['HOPSCOTCH GROUPE', 'Gross Margin', '3rd Quarter', 'Turnover', 'Le Public Système Cinéma', 'Le Public Système PR', 'stock market trading hours', 'Quarterly Results Section', 'Q1 Q2 Q3', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Jodie KNOEPFLER CONSCIENCE', 'Art de Vivre', 'integrated international network', 'communications consultancy group', 'international communications group', 'Consolidated Gross Margin', 'third quarter results', 'Hopscotch Interface Tourism', 'TOTAL Consolidated Turnover', 'Gross Margin Variation', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Public Relations', 'public affairs', 'Global PR', 'internal communications', '63,4 Consolidated Turnover', '3rd Quarter', '58,1 Turnover Variation', 'Press Release', 'Steady Growth', 'major player', 'Unaudited data', '180.2 million euros', '63.4 million euros', 'scope effect', 'Good performances', 'large part', 'full year', 'second half', 'main focus', 'fiscal year', 'Q4 2023 sales', 'Shareholder Contact', 'Pierre-Franck MOLEY', 'Press Contact', 'Management Board', 'business vision', 'founding belief', 'unique mix', 'event management', 'marketing services', 'corporate challenges', 'continental hubs', 'Middle East', '800 expert collaborators', 'communication skills', 'Décideurs', 'Congrès', 'specialized agencies', 'AD crew', 'ISIN code', 'ALHOP FR', 'Sport division', 'Sport&Co', 'HOPSCOTCH GROUPE', 'same momentum', 'human relations', 'events sector', 'sporting events', 'HOPSCOTCHgroupe Attachments', 'November', 'Digital', 'Influence', 'September', 'trend', 'consolidation', 'participation', 'summer', 'February', 'close', 'Tel.', 'pfmoley', 'Assistant', 'jodiekc', 'France', 'founders', 'managers', 'complementarity', 'expertise', 'Lyon', 'Lille', 'Marseille', 'Asia', 'America', 'Europe', 'activation', 'value', 'enterprise', 'organization', 'care', 'capital', 'brand', 'Travel', 'Luxe', 'Alizeum', 'heaven', 'Sagarmatha', 'Sopexa', 'Uniteam', '40 offices', '5 continents', 'operations', '60 countries', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', '5:30', '9.']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,globenewswire.com
32188,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HOPSCOTCH-GROUPE-5080/news/HOPSCOTCH-GROUPE-Turnover-Gross-Margin-of-3rd-Quarter-2023-45227531/,HOPSCOTCH GROUPE : Turnover & Gross Margin of 3rd Quarter 2023 -November 02  2023 at 12:57 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Paris  November 2  2023  5:30 p.m.Quarterly Results Section HOPSCOTCH GROUPETurnover & Gross Margin of 3rd Quarter 2023Continued Steady GrowthGross Margin + 9.1% HOPSCOTCH Groupe   a communications consultancy group and majo…,Press ReleaseParis  November 2  2023  5:30 p.m.Quarterly Results SectionHOPSCOTCH GROUPETurnover & Gross Margin of3rd Quarter 2023Continued Steady GrowthGross Margin + 9.1%HOPSCOTCH Groupe (Euronext FR0000065278)  a communications consultancy group and major player in Digital  Public Relations  Influence  and Events  presents today its third quarter results for 2023.M€ (*) Q1 Q2 Q3 (*)TOTAL Consolidated Turnover 2023Consolidated Gross Margin 2023 51 018 3 72 023 7 57 321 4 180 263 4 Consolidated Turnover 2022Consolidated Gross Margin 2022 45 316 7 63 521 5 52 619 9 161 458 1 Turnover VariationGross Margin Variation +12.5%+9.3% +13.4%+10.2% +8.9%+7.5% +11.7%+9.1%(*) Unaudited dataHopscotch Groupe's consolidated turnover to September 30  2023  amounted to 180.2 million euros (+11.7%)  with a gross margin of 63.4 million euros (+9.1%). The third quarter continued the trend  but without benefiting from the scope effect generated by the consolidation of the Sport division from the third quarter of 2022. Good performances in the events sector account for a large part of the growth recorded.Hopscotch Groupe expects to benefit from the same momentum over the full year. The group's participation in the sporting events during the summer of 2024 will begin contributing to this momentum in the second half of 2023  but the main focus will remain on the fiscal year of 2024.Hopscotch Groupe will publish its Q4 2023 sales on February 6  after stock market trading hours come to a close.________Shareholder ContactPierre-Franck MOLEY - Chief Executive Officer - Tel. 01 41 34 20 56 - pfmoley@hopscotchgroupe.comPress ContactJodie KNOEPFLER CONSCIENCE – Assistant to the Management Board - Tel. 01 41 34 20 51 - jodiekc@hopscotchgroupe.com________About HOPSCOTCHHOPSCOTCH is an international communications group founded in France  directed by its founders and its managers  all guided by a business vision carried forward by the complementarity of expertise. HOPSCOTCH’s founding belief? “Global PR”  created around a unique mix of digital  event management  influence  public relations  and marketing services  for both Art de Vivre and corporate challenges.HOPSCOTCH brings together in France (Paris  Lyon  Lille  Marseille) and internationally (4 continental hubs in Asia  America  Europe  & Middle East) more than 800 expert collaborators in all communication skills: influence  events  activation  digitalization  internal communications  public affairs  marketing services…Convinced that the value of an enterprise or organization resides in the care given to its capital of human relations  HOPSCOTCH structures its expertise around its own brand “Hopscotch” (Events / PR / Travel / Décideurs / Congrès / Luxe / Sport)  and specialized agencies: AD crew  Alizeum  heaven  Hopscotch Interface Tourism  Human to Human  Le Public Système Cinéma  Le Public Système PR  Sagarmatha  Sopexa  Sport&Co and Uniteam.HOPSCOTCH now has an integrated international network of 40 offices in 5 continents and operations in over 60 countries.Listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: ALHOP FR 00000 6527 8)  the group represents a turnover of246.9 million and a gross margin of €86.1 million in 2022.Follow us: www.hopscotchgroupe.com et sur LinkedIn / Twitter / Instagram @HOPSCOTCHgroupeAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.44,0.19,0.37,True,English,"['HOPSCOTCH GROUPE', 'Gross Margin', '3rd Quarter', 'Turnover', 'November', '12:57', 'Le Public Système Cinéma', 'Le Public Système PR', 'stock market trading hours', 'Quarterly Results Section', 'Q1 Q2 Q3', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Jodie KNOEPFLER CONSCIENCE', 'Art de Vivre', 'integrated international network', 'communications consultancy group', 'international communications group', 'Consolidated Gross Margin', 'third quarter results', 'Hopscotch Interface Tourism', 'TOTAL Consolidated Turnover', 'Gross Margin Variation', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Public Relations', 'public affairs', 'Global PR', 'internal communications', '63,4 Consolidated Turnover', '3rd Quarter', '58,1 Turnover Variation', 'Press Release', 'Steady Growth', 'major player', 'Unaudited data', '180.2 million euros', '63.4 million euros', 'scope effect', 'Good performances', 'large part', 'full year', 'second half', 'main focus', 'fiscal year', 'Q4 2023 sales', 'Shareholder Contact', 'Pierre-Franck MOLEY', 'Press Contact', 'Management Board', 'business vision', 'founding belief', 'unique mix', 'event management', 'marketing services', 'corporate challenges', 'continental hubs', 'Middle East', '800 expert collaborators', 'communication skills', 'Décideurs', 'Congrès', 'specialized agencies', 'AD crew', 'ISIN code', 'ALHOP FR', 'Sport division', 'Sport&Co', 'HOPSCOTCH GROUPE', 'same momentum', 'human relations', 'events sector', 'sporting events', 'HOPSCOTCHgroupe Attachments', 'November', 'Digital', 'Influence', 'September', 'trend', 'consolidation', 'participation', 'summer', 'February', 'close', 'Tel.', 'pfmoley', 'Assistant', 'jodiekc', 'France', 'founders', 'managers', 'complementarity', 'expertise', 'Lyon', 'Lille', 'Marseille', 'Asia', 'America', 'Europe', 'activation', 'value', 'enterprise', 'organization', 'care', 'capital', 'brand', 'Travel', 'Luxe', 'Alizeum', 'heaven', 'Sagarmatha', 'Sopexa', 'Uniteam', '40 offices', '5 continents', 'operations', '60 countries', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', '5:30', '9.']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32189,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/02/2772565/0/en/NANOBIOTIX-Announces-Pricing-of-a-Capital-Increase-Raising-Total-Gross-Proceeds-of-55M.html,NANOBIOTIX Announces Pricing of a Capital Increase Raising Total Gross Proceeds of $55M,PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  Nov. 02  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO – NASDAQ: NBTX – “Nanobiotix” or the “Company”)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for pat…,"PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  Nov. 02  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO – NASDAQ: NBTX – “Nanobiotix” or the “Company”)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  announces the pricing of its previously announced global follow-on offering reserved to specified categories of investors  consisting of (i) an offering of 3 106 907 American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”)  each representing one ordinary share  €0.03 nominal value per share (each an “Ordinary Share”)  of the Company  in the United States (the “U.S. Offering”) at an offering price of $5.36 per ADS  and (ii) an offering of 2 492 223 Ordinary Shares  exclusively to “qualified investors” in Europe (including France) within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and certain other countries (excluding the United States and Canada) (the “European Offering”) at an offering price of €5.07 per Ordinary Share. The U.S. Offering and the European Offering are referred to  together  as the “Global Offering.”The offering price of €5.07 per Ordinary Share  corresponding to the offering price of $5.36 per ADS based on an exchange rate of €1.00 = $1.0568  is equal to the volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (""Euronext"") over the last three trading sessions preceding the pricing of the Global Offering (i.e. October 30  31 and November 1  2023)  less a discount of 15% and has been determined by the Company pursuant to the 24th and 25th resolutions of the Company’s combined shareholders’ meeting held on June 27  2023.Pursuant to an existing securities purchase agreement  Johnson & Johnson Innovation – JJDC  Inc. (“JJDC”) is obligated to subscribe  subject to any required regulatory approvals  for $25.0 million of Ordinary Shares in the form of restricted ADSs (the “Placement Amount”)  at a price per ADS equal to the offering price in the U.S. Offering in a concurrent private placement (the “Concurrent Private Placement”)  exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”). Pursuant to French foreign investment control rules  the Placement Amount is required to be reduced  such that JJDC will initially subscribe for 3 670 294 restricted ADSs (representing 9.99% of the outstanding voting rights of the Company’s capital stock (the “Regulatory Cap”)) for $19.7 million. Upon  and subject to  the approval of the French Ministry of Economy  JJDC will subscribe for additional restricted ADSs (corresponding to the portion of the Placement Amount in excess of the Regulatory Cap) for $5.3 million. The closing of the Global Offering is not conditioned on the closing of the Concurrent Private Placement.The aggregate gross proceeds of the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement are expected to be approximately $55 million  equivalent to approximately €51.5 million  before deduction of underwriting commissions in respect of the Global Offering and estimated expenses payable by the Company  assuming no exercise of the Over-Allotment Option (as defined below) in respect of the Global Offering.Jefferies LLC  Leerink Partners and Guggenheim are acting as global coordinators and joint bookrunners for the Global Offering.The Global Offering is subject to an underwriting agreement  which was entered into on November 2  2023. The underwriting agreement does not constitute a performance guarantee (garantie de bonne fin) within the meaning of Article L. 225-145 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce).Type of OfferingThe 9 269 424 Ordinary Shares issued in the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement (including in the form of ADSs and in the case of JJDC  restricted ADSs) are issued without preferential subscription rights for existing shareholders by way of:a first capital increase of 5 599 130 Ordinary Shares subscribed in the Global Offering  decided on the date hereof by the Company’s Executive Board pursuant to the delegation granted to it by the Company’s combined shareholders’ meeting held on June 27  2023 in its 24th resolution in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) reserved to specific investors meeting the criteria defined by the shareholders’ meeting in the 24th resolution – i.e.  natural or legal entities (including companies)  trusts and investment funds or other investment vehicles that invest on a regular basis  or have invested at least €1 million within the last 36 months  in the healthcare or biotechnology sectors; anda second capital increase of 3 670 294 Ordinary Shares (in the form of restricted ADSs) subscribed by JJDC in the Concurrent Private Placement  decided on the date hereof by the Company’s Executive Board pursuant to the delegation granted to it by the Company’s combined shareholders’ meeting held on June 27  2023 in its 25th resolution in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) reserved to a specific investor meeting the criteria defined by the shareholders’ meeting in the 25th resolution – i.e.  an industrial company  institution or entity operating in the healthcare or biotechnology sector  either directly or through a controlled company or a company by which they are controlled  where applicable when entering into a commercial agreement  financing contract or partnership with the Company.Expected ClosingThe Global Offering and Concurrent Private Placement are expected to close on November 6  and November 9  2023  respectively  subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.Option to Purchase Additional SharesIn connection with the Global Offering  the Company has granted the underwriters for the Global Offering a 30-day option to purchase additional ADSs on the same terms and conditions as in the Global Offering  in accordance with delegation granted by the Company’s combined shareholders’ meeting held on June 27  2023 in its 26th resolution (the “Over-Allotment Option”). The Company will announce the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option and the number ADSs to be issued in connection therewith  if any  as soon as practicable thereafter in a subsequent press release.StabilizationIn connection with the Global Offering  Jefferies LLC  acting as stabilization agent  may effect transactions with a view to supporting  stabilizing  or maintaining the market price of such securities at a level higher than which might otherwise prevail in the Company’s ADS market. However  there is no assurance that the stabilization agent will take any stabilization action and  if begun  such stabilization action may be ended at any time without prior notice. Any stabilization action or over-allotment shall be carried out in accordance with all applicable rules and regulations and may be undertaken on the Nasdaq Global Select Market.Estimated Proceeds from the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private PlacementThe aggregate gross proceeds from the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement are expected to be approximately $55 million  equivalent to approximately €51.5 million  before deducting underwriting commissions in respect of the Global Offering and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company  assuming no exercise of the Over-Allotment Option in connection with the Global Offering. If the Company issues additional ADSs pursuant to the exercise in full of the Over-Allotment Option in connection with the Global Offering  the estimated gross proceeds received by the Company from the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement would be expected to be approximately $59.5 million  equivalent to approximately €56.3 million  before deducting underwriting commissions in respect of the Global Offering and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company.The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Global Offering  together with the proceeds from the Concurrent Private Placement  as follows:approximately 32% of the net proceeds to advance the Company’s NANORAY-312 global randomized Phase 3 clinical trial in the United States and the EU for the treatment of locally advanced head and neck cancers  and approximately 17% of the proceeds for the related increase of production capacity and supply of NBTXR3 required for this study;approximately 27% to advance the research and development of the Company’s other preclinical and clinical programs and related regulatory and medical activities; andapproximately 24% to other operating expenses funding and other general corporate purposes  including financing expenses (including a payment to the EIB).The expected use of proceeds represents the Company’s intentions based upon its current plans and business conditions. The Company cannot predict with certainty all of the particular uses for the net proceeds to be received upon the completion of Global Offering and Concurrent Private Placement or the amounts that the Company will actually spend on the uses set forth above. The amounts and timing of the Company’s actual expenditures and the extent of clinical development may vary significantly depending on numerous factors  including the progress of the development efforts  the status of and results from preclinical studies and any ongoing clinical trials or clinical trials the Company may commence in the future  as well as any collaborations that the Company may enter into with third parties for its product candidates and any unforeseen cash needs. As a result  the Company’s management will retain broad discretion over the allocation of the net proceeds.As of September 30  2023  the Company had cash and cash equivalents of €38.7 million (unaudited). The Company believes that the net proceeds from the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement  together with its cash and cash equivalents  will be sufficient to meet its working capital requirements for operations until the end of the first quarter 2025  and  assuming the receipt from Janssen Pharmaceutica NV (‘‘Janssen’’) of the first milestone payment under the Company’s License Agreement with Janssen dated July 7  2023  until the end of the second quarter 2025.The Company’s estimates of the period of time through which its financial resources are expected to be adequate to meet its working capital requirements are forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties  and actual results could vary materially and negatively as a result of a number of factors  as described under “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.”Lock-upIn connection with the Global Offering  the Company’s executive board members and supervisory board members are subject to a contractual lock-up for a period of 90 days after the date hereof  subject to customary exceptions  including an exception for the purpose of financing the exercise price of stock options and/or satisfying any applicable taxes due in connection with such exercise. The Company has also agreed to be bound by a contractual lock-up for a period of 90 days after the date hereof  subject to customary exceptions.DilutionThe 9 269 424Ordinary Shares (including in the form of ADSs) issued in the Global Offering  to be mainly subscribed by existing investors  and in the Concurrent Private Placement will represent dilution of approximately 20.4% of the share capital of the Company (on a non-diluted basis) (21.8%  if the Over-Allotment is exercised in full). On an illustrative basis  a shareholder holding 1% of Nanobiotix’ share capital before the Global Offering and Concurrent Private Placement would hold a stake of 0.83% after completion of the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement (0.82%% if the Over-Allotment is exercised in full).Certain entities affiliated with Invus Public Equities Advisors  LLC  Baillie Gifford & Co and Qatar Holding LLC  existing shareholders of the Company not represented at its supervisory board  have agreed to purchase an aggregate of approximately 94% of the total number of Ordinary Shares (including in the form of ADSs) to be sold in the Global Offering.Risk FactorsPotential investors should carefully consider the risks described under “Risk Factors” in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement  including the following risks:shareholders not participating in the Global Offering and Concurrent Private Placement may see their participation in the Company's share capital diluted due to the issuance of new securities;the volatility and liquidity of the Company's Ordinary Shares and ADSs may experience significant fluctuation (mainly downwards)  and there may be differences on Nasdaq and Euronext; andsales of the Company's Ordinary Shares and ADSs  in particular by its significant shareholders  could occur on the market and have an adverse impact on the Company's trading prices.Settlement and Delivery – DocumentationThe Company’s ADSs are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol “NBTX”. The Company’s Ordinary Shares are listed on Euronext under the symbol “NANO.”The Ordinary Share are expected to be admitted to trading on Euronext on November 6  2023 with respect to the Global Offering and on November 9  2023 with respect to the Concurrent Private Placement.Ordinary Shares (including those underlying ADS) issued in the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement will be subject to an application for admission to trading on Euronext on the same trading line as the existing Ordinary Shares of the Company currently listed on Euronext  under the same ISIN code FR0011341205. The trading of Nanobiotix’s Ordinary Shares on Euronext is suspended today until the opening of trading of Nanobiotix’s ADSs on the Nasdaq Global Select Market at approximately 2:30 pm (Paris time) / 9:30 a.m. (New York time) today.The ADSs and Ordinary Shares being offered in the Global Offering are being offered pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form F-3 (Registration No. 333-262545)  which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 4  2022 and subsequently declared effective on February 16  2022. The Global Offering is being made only by means of a prospectus and prospectus supplement that form a part of the registration statement. A preliminary prospectus supplement relating to and describing the terms of the Global Offering has been filed with the SEC on November 1  2023 and is available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The final prospectus supplement relating to the Global Offering will be filed with the SEC. When available  copies of the final prospectus supplement (and accompanying prospectus) relating to the Global Offering may be obtained from Jefferies LLC  Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department  520 Madison Avenue  New York  NY 10022  or by telephone at (877) 821-7388 or by email at Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com; from Leerink Partners LLC  Attention: Syndicate Department  53 State Street  40th Floor  Boston  MA 02109  or by telephone at (800) 808-7525 ext. 6105  or by email at syndicate@leerink.com; or from Guggenheim Securities  Attention: Equity Syndicate Department  330 Madison Avenue  8th Floor  New York  NY 10017  by telephone at (212) 518-9544  or by email at GSEquityProspectusDelivery@guggenheimpartners.com.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France and is listed on Euronext since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020. The Company has subsidiaries in  among other  Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States).Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 20 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The Company’s resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate–NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has been granted with a CE marking in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.ContactsNanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia Relations France – Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0)6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communication.comGlobal – LifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310Lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.comSpecial Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including  but not limited to  statements regarding the expected closing of the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement  the use of proceed therefrom  and the period of time through which the Company’s anticipates its financial resources will be adequate to support operations. Words such as “expects ” “intends ” “can ” “could ”  “may ” “might ” “plan ” “potential ” “should ” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements  including such as market conditions  risks related to the satisfaction of closing conditions in the underwriting agreement related to the Global Offering  and risks related to Nanobiotix’s business and financial performance  which include the risk that assumptions underlying the Company’s cash runway projections are not realized. Further information on the risk factors that may affect company business and financial performance is included in Nanobiotix’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 24  2023 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors”  in Nanobiotix’s half-year report  which was filed with the SEC on Form 6-K and with the AMF on September 26  2023  and subsequent filings Nanobiotix makes with the SEC from time to time which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release  and except as required by law  Nanobiotix assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly.DisclaimersThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of the Company  nor shall there be any sale of such securities  in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.The distribution of this press release may be subject to legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. Any person who comes into possession of this press release must inform him or herself of and comply with any such restrictions.This document does not constitute an offer to the public in France and the securities referred to in this document can only be offered or sold in France pursuant to article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) acting for their own account as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.This announcement is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.In France  the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement described above will take place solely in the context of two capital increases to the benefit of categories of institutional investors  in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and applicable regulations. The European Offering is reserved  in Europe (including in France)  to “qualified investors”  as that term is defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area other than France (each  a “Relevant Member State”)  an offer of the securities referred to herein is not being made and will not be made to the public in that Relevant Member State  other than (i) to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation  (ii) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Relevant Member State  or (iii) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; provided that no such offer of the securities referred to herein shall require the Company to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of the above  the expression an “offer to the public” in any Relevant Member State shall have the meaning ascribed to it in article 2(d) of the Prospectus Regulation.This communication is being distributed only to  and is directed only at (a) persons outside the United Kingdom  (b) persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”)  and (c) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (« high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc. ») of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). Any investment or investment activity to which this communication relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this communication or any of its contents.This press release has been prepared in both French and English. In the event of any discrepancies between the two versions of the press release  the French language version shall prevail.",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,negative,0.03,0.4,0.57,True,English,"['Total Gross Proceeds', 'Capital Increase', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Pricing', 'French foreign investment control rules', 'last three trading sessions', 'volume weighted average price', 'existing securities purchase agreement', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'The U.S. Offering', 'outstanding voting rights', 'aggregate gross proceeds', 'Code de commerce', 'preferential subscription rights', 'other investment vehicles', 'concurrent private placement', 'French Commercial Code', 'first capital increase', 'second capital increase', '3,106,907 American Depositary Shares', 'The Global Offering', 'combined shareholders’ meeting', 'one ordinary share', 'additional restricted ADSs', 'investment funds', 'existing shareholders', 'French Ministry', 'last 36 months', 'biotechnology sectors', 'Placement Amount', 'Securities Act', 'capital stock', 'underwriting agreement', 'other countries', '2,492,223 Ordinary Shares', '9,269,424 Ordinary Shares', '5,599,130 Ordinary Shares', '3,670,294 Ordinary Shares', 'global coordinators', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'physics-based approaches', 'treatment possibilities', '3 nominal value', 'United States', 'exchange rate', 'regulated market', '25th resolutions', 'regulatory approvals', 'registration requirements', 'Regulatory Cap', 'underwriting commissions', 'Allotment Option', 'Jefferies LLC', 'Leerink Partners', 'joint bookrunners', 'performance guarantee', 'bonne fin', 'Executive Board', 'legal entities', 'regular basis', '3,670,294 restricted ADSs', 'European Offering', 'offering price', 'Article L.', 'qualified investors', '24th resolution', 'specific investors', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'Johnson Innovation', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'NBTX', 'patients', 'cancer', 'pricing', 'categories', 'France', 'meaning', 'Canada', 'October', 'November', 'less', 'discount', 'June', 'JJDC', 'Economy', 'portion', 'excess', 'closing', 'deduction', 'respect', 'expenses', 'exercise', 'Over', 'Guggenheim', 'garantie', 'Type', 'case', 'way', 'date', 'delegation', 'accordance', 'criteria', 'natural', 'companies', 'trusts', 'healthcare']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,globenewswire.com
32190,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NANOBIOTIX-11719039/news/NANOBIOTIX-Announces-Pricing-of-a-Capital-Increase-Raising-Total-Gross-Proceeds-of-55M-45226171/,NANOBIOTIX Announces Pricing of a Capital Increase Raising Total Gross Proceeds of $55M,(marketscreener.com) PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  Nov. 02  2023 -- NANOBIOTIX   a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  announces the pricing of its previously …,"PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  Nov. 02  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO – NASDAQ: NBTX – “Nanobiotix” or the “Company”)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  announces the pricing of its previously announced global follow-on offering reserved to specified categories of investors  consisting of (i) an offering of 3 106 907 American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”)  each representing one ordinary share  €0.03 nominal value per share (each an “Ordinary Share”)  of the Company  in the United States (the “U.S. Offering”) at an offering price of $5.36 per ADS  and (ii) an offering of 2 492 223 Ordinary Shares  exclusively to “qualified investors” in Europe (including France) within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and certain other countries (excluding the United States and Canada) (the “European Offering”) at an offering price of €5.07 per Ordinary Share. The U.S. Offering and the European Offering are referred to  together  as the “Global Offering.”The offering price of €5.07 per Ordinary Share  corresponding to the offering price of $5.36 per ADS based on an exchange rate of €1.00 = $1.0568  is equal to the volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (""Euronext"") over the last three trading sessions preceding the pricing of the Global Offering (i.e. October 30  31 and November 1  2023)  less a discount of 15% and has been determined by the Company pursuant to the 24th and 25th resolutions of the Company’s combined shareholders’ meeting held on June 27  2023.Pursuant to an existing securities purchase agreement  Johnson & Johnson Innovation – JJDC  Inc. (“JJDC”) is obligated to subscribe  subject to any required regulatory approvals  for $25.0 million of Ordinary Shares in the form of restricted ADSs (the “Placement Amount”)  at a price per ADS equal to the offering price in the U.S. Offering in a concurrent private placement (the “Concurrent Private Placement”)  exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”). Pursuant to French foreign investment control rules  the Placement Amount is required to be reduced  such that JJDC will initially subscribe for 3 670 294 restricted ADSs (representing 9.99% of the outstanding voting rights of the Company’s capital stock (the “Regulatory Cap”)) for $19.7 million. Upon  and subject to  the approval of the French Ministry of Economy  JJDC will subscribe for additional restricted ADSs (corresponding to the portion of the Placement Amount in excess of the Regulatory Cap) for $5.3 million. The closing of the Global Offering is not conditioned on the closing of the Concurrent Private Placement.The aggregate gross proceeds of the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement are expected to be approximately $55 million  equivalent to approximately €51.5 million  before deduction of underwriting commissions in respect of the Global Offering and estimated expenses payable by the Company  assuming no exercise of the Over-Allotment Option (as defined below) in respect of the Global Offering.Jefferies LLC  Leerink Partners and Guggenheim are acting as global coordinators and joint bookrunners for the Global Offering.The Global Offering is subject to an underwriting agreement  which was entered into on November 2  2023. The underwriting agreement does not constitute a performance guarantee (garantie de bonne fin) within the meaning of Article L. 225-145 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce).Type of OfferingThe 9 269 424 Ordinary Shares issued in the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement (including in the form of ADSs and in the case of JJDC  restricted ADSs) are issued without preferential subscription rights for existing shareholders by way of:a first capital increase of 5 599 130 Ordinary Shares subscribed in the Global Offering  decided on the date hereof by the Company’s Executive Board pursuant to the delegation granted to it by the Company’s combined shareholders’ meeting held on June 27  2023 in its 24th resolution in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) reserved to specific investors meeting the criteria defined by the shareholders’ meeting in the 24th resolution – i.e.  natural or legal entities (including companies)  trusts and investment funds or other investment vehicles that invest on a regular basis  or have invested at least €1 million within the last 36 months  in the healthcare or biotechnology sectors; anda second capital increase of 3 670 294 Ordinary Shares (in the form of restricted ADSs) subscribed by JJDC in the Concurrent Private Placement  decided on the date hereof by the Company’s Executive Board pursuant to the delegation granted to it by the Company’s combined shareholders’ meeting held on June 27  2023 in its 25th resolution in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) reserved to a specific investor meeting the criteria defined by the shareholders’ meeting in the 25th resolution – i.e.  an industrial company  institution or entity operating in the healthcare or biotechnology sector  either directly or through a controlled company or a company by which they are controlled  where applicable when entering into a commercial agreement  financing contract or partnership with the Company.Expected ClosingThe Global Offering and Concurrent Private Placement are expected to close on November 6  and November 9  2023  respectively  subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.Option to Purchase Additional SharesIn connection with the Global Offering  the Company has granted the underwriters for the Global Offering a 30-day option to purchase additional ADSs on the same terms and conditions as in the Global Offering  in accordance with delegation granted by the Company’s combined shareholders’ meeting held on June 27  2023 in its 26th resolution (the “Over-Allotment Option”). The Company will announce the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option and the number ADSs to be issued in connection therewith  if any  as soon as practicable thereafter in a subsequent press release.StabilizationIn connection with the Global Offering  Jefferies LLC  acting as stabilization agent  may effect transactions with a view to supporting  stabilizing  or maintaining the market price of such securities at a level higher than which might otherwise prevail in the Company’s ADS market. However  there is no assurance that the stabilization agent will take any stabilization action and  if begun  such stabilization action may be ended at any time without prior notice. Any stabilization action or over-allotment shall be carried out in accordance with all applicable rules and regulations and may be undertaken on the Nasdaq Global Select Market.Estimated Proceeds from the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private PlacementThe aggregate gross proceeds from the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement are expected to be approximately $55 million  equivalent to approximately €51.5 million  before deducting underwriting commissions in respect of the Global Offering and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company  assuming no exercise of the Over-Allotment Option in connection with the Global Offering. If the Company issues additional ADSs pursuant to the exercise in full of the Over-Allotment Option in connection with the Global Offering  the estimated gross proceeds received by the Company from the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement would be expected to be approximately $59.5 million  equivalent to approximately €56.3 million  before deducting underwriting commissions in respect of the Global Offering and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company.The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Global Offering  together with the proceeds from the Concurrent Private Placement  as follows:approximately 32% of the net proceeds to advance the Company’s NANORAY-312 global randomized Phase 3 clinical trial in the United States and the EU for the treatment of locally advanced head and neck cancers  and approximately 17% of the proceeds for the related increase of production capacity and supply of NBTXR3 required for this study;approximately 27% to advance the research and development of the Company’s other preclinical and clinical programs and related regulatory and medical activities; andapproximately 24% to other operating expenses funding and other general corporate purposes  including financing expenses (including a payment to the EIB).The expected use of proceeds represents the Company’s intentions based upon its current plans and business conditions. The Company cannot predict with certainty all of the particular uses for the net proceeds to be received upon the completion of Global Offering and Concurrent Private Placement or the amounts that the Company will actually spend on the uses set forth above. The amounts and timing of the Company’s actual expenditures and the extent of clinical development may vary significantly depending on numerous factors  including the progress of the development efforts  the status of and results from preclinical studies and any ongoing clinical trials or clinical trials the Company may commence in the future  as well as any collaborations that the Company may enter into with third parties for its product candidates and any unforeseen cash needs. As a result  the Company’s management will retain broad discretion over the allocation of the net proceeds.As of September 30  2023  the Company had cash and cash equivalents of €38.7 million (unaudited). The Company believes that the net proceeds from the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement  together with its cash and cash equivalents  will be sufficient to meet its working capital requirements for operations until the end of the first quarter 2025  and  assuming the receipt from Janssen Pharmaceutica NV (‘‘Janssen’’) of the first milestone payment under the Company’s License Agreement with Janssen dated July 7  2023  until the end of the second quarter 2025.The Company’s estimates of the period of time through which its financial resources are expected to be adequate to meet its working capital requirements are forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties  and actual results could vary materially and negatively as a result of a number of factors  as described under “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.”Lock-upIn connection with the Global Offering  the Company’s executive board members and supervisory board members are subject to a contractual lock-up for a period of 90 days after the date hereof  subject to customary exceptions  including an exception for the purpose of financing the exercise price of stock options and/or satisfying any applicable taxes due in connection with such exercise. The Company has also agreed to be bound by a contractual lock-up for a period of 90 days after the date hereof  subject to customary exceptions.DilutionThe 9 269 424 Ordinary Shares (including in the form of ADSs) issued in the Global Offering  to be mainly subscribed by existing investors  and in the Concurrent Private Placement will represent dilution of approximately 20.4% of the share capital of the Company (on a non-diluted basis) (21.8%  if the Over-Allotment is exercise in full). On an illustrative basis  a shareholder holding 1% of Nanobiotix’ share capital before the Global Offering and Concurrent Private Placement would hold a stake of 0.83% after completion of the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement (0.82%% if the Over-Allotment is exercised in full).Certain entities affiliated with Invus Public Equities Advisors  LLC  Baillie Gifford & Co and Qatar Holding LLC  existing shareholders of the Company not represented at its supervisory board  have agreed to purchase an aggregate of approximately 94% of the total number of Ordinary Shares (including in the form of ADSs) to be sold in the Global Offering.Risk FactorsPotential investors should carefully consider the risks described under “Risk Factors” in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement  including the following risks:shareholders not participating in the Global Offering and Concurrent Private Placement may see their participation in the Company's share capital diluted due to the issuance of new securities;the volatility and liquidity of the Company's Ordinary Shares and ADSs may experience significant fluctuation (mainly downwards)  and there may be differences on Nasdaq and Euronext; andsales of the Company's Ordinary Shares and ADSs  in particular by its significant shareholders  could occur on the market and have an adverse impact on the Company's trading prices.In addition  the Company draws attention to the risk factors related to the Company and its activities presented in section 1.5 of the 2022 universal registration document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – the “AMF”) under number D.23-0332 on April 24  2023  as updated in section 2.4 of the first amendment to the Company’s 2022 universal registration document filed with the AMF under number D.23-0332-A01 on November 1st  2023 which are available free of charge on the Company’s website at https://ir.nanobiotix.com/   as well as on the AMF’s website at www.amf-france.org.Settlement and Delivery – DocumentationThe Company’s ADSs are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol “NBTX”. The Company’s Ordinary Shares are listed on Euronext under the symbol “NANO.”The Ordinary Share are expected to be admitted to trading on Euronext on November 6  2023 with respect to the Global Offering and on November 9  2023 with respect to the Concurrent Private Placement.Ordinary Shares (including those underlying ADS) issued in the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement will be subject to an application for admission to trading on Euronext on the same trading line as the existing Ordinary Shares of the Company currently listed on Euronext  under the same ISIN code FR0011341205 as well as to a listing prospectus subject to the approval of the AMF and comprising (i) the 2022 universal registration document filed with the AMF under number D.23-0332 on April 24  2023  as updated by a first amendment to the Company’s 2022 universal registration document filed with the AMF under number D.23-0332-A01 on November 1st  2023 and  as completed by a second amendment to the Company’s 2022 universal registration document  which will be filed with the AMF  and (ii) a securities note (Note d’opération) including a summary of the listing prospectus  copies of which will be available free of charge on the Company’s website at https://ir.nanobiotix.com/  as well as on the AMF’s website at www.amf-france.org. The trading of Nanobiotix’s Ordinary Shares on Euronext is suspended today until the opening of trading of Nanobiotix’s ADSs on the Nasdaq Global Select Market at approximately 2:30 pm (Paris time) / 9:30 a.m. (New York time) today.The ADSs and Ordinary Shares being offered in the Global Offering are being offered pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form F-3 (Registration No. 333-262545)  which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 4  2022 and subsequently declared effective on February 16  2022. The Global Offering is being made only by means of a prospectus and prospectus supplement that form a part of the registration statement. A preliminary prospectus supplement relating to and describing the terms of the Global Offering has been filed with the SEC on November 2  2023 and is available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The final prospectus supplement relating to the Global Offering will be filed with the SEC. When available  copies of the final prospectus supplement (and accompanying prospectus) relating to the Global Offering may be obtained from Jefferies LLC  Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department  520 Madison Avenue  New York  NY 10022  or by telephone at (877) 821-7388 or by email at Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com; from Leerink Partners LLC  Attention: Syndicate Department  53 State Street  40th Floor  Boston  MA 02109  or by telephone at (800) 808-7525 ext. 6105  or by email at syndicate@leerink.com; or from Guggenheim Securities  Attention: Equity Syndicate Department  330 Madison Avenue  8th Floor  New York  NY 10017  by telephone at (212) 518-9544  or by email at GSEquityProspectusDelivery@guggenheimpartners.com.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France and is listed on Euronext since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020. The Company has subsidiaries in  among other  Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States).Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 20 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The Company’s resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate–NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has been granted with a CE marking in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.ContactsNanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia Relations France – Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0)6 64 79 97 51 plgermain@ulysse-communication.comGlobal – LifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310Lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.comSpecial Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including  but not limited to  statements regarding the expected closing of the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement  the use of proceed therefrom  and the period of time through which the Company’s anticipates its financial resources will be adequate to support operations. Words such as “expects ” “intends ” “can ” “could ”  “may ” “might ” “plan ” “potential ” “should ” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements  including such as market conditions  risks related to the satisfaction of closing conditions in the underwriting agreement related to the Global Offering  and risks related to Nanobiotix’s business and financial performance  which include the risk that assumptions underlying the Company’s cash runway projections are not realized. Further information on the risk factors that may affect company business and financial performance is included in Nanobiotix’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 24  2023 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors”  in Nanobiotix’s 2022 universal registration document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers – the AMF) on April 24  2023 as updated by its first amendment filed with the AMF on November 1st  2023  in Nanobiotix’s half-year report  which was filed with the SEC on Form 6-K and with the AMF on September 26  2023  and subsequent filings Nanobiotix makes with the SEC from time to time which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release  and except as required by law  Nanobiotix assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly.DisclaimersThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of the Company  nor shall there be any sale of such securities  in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.The distribution of this press release may be subject to legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. Any person who comes into possession of this press release must inform him or herself of and comply with any such restrictions.This document does not constitute an offer to the public in France and the securities referred to in this document can only be offered or sold in France pursuant to article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) acting for their own account as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.This announcement is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.In France  the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement described above will take place solely in the context of two capital increases to the benefit of categories of institutional investors  in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and applicable regulations. The European Offering is reserved  in Europe (including in France)  to “qualified investors”  as that term is defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area other than France (each  a “Relevant Member State”)  an offer of the securities referred to herein is not being made and will not be made to the public in that Relevant Member State  other than (i) to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation  (ii) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Relevant Member State  or (iii) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; provided that no such offer of the securities referred to herein shall require the Company to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of the above  the expression an “offer to the public” in any Relevant Member State shall have the meaning ascribed to it in article 2(d) of the Prospectus Regulation.This communication is being distributed only to  and is directed only at (a) persons outside the United Kingdom  (b) persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”)  and (c) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (« high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc. ») of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). Any investment or investment activity to which this communication relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this communication or any of its contents.This press release has been prepared in both French and English. In the event of any discrepancies between the two versions of the press release  the French language version shall prevail.",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,negative,0.03,0.4,0.57,True,English,"['Total Gross Proceeds', 'Capital Increase', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Pricing', 'French foreign investment control rules', 'last three trading sessions', 'volume weighted average price', 'existing securities purchase agreement', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'The U.S. Offering', 'outstanding voting rights', 'aggregate gross proceeds', 'Code de commerce', 'preferential subscription rights', 'other investment vehicles', 'concurrent private placement', 'French Commercial Code', 'first capital increase', 'second capital increase', '3,106,907 American Depositary Shares', 'The Global Offering', 'combined shareholders’ meeting', 'one ordinary share', 'additional restricted ADSs', 'investment funds', 'existing shareholders', 'French Ministry', 'last 36 months', 'biotechnology sectors', 'Placement Amount', 'Securities Act', 'capital stock', 'underwriting agreement', 'other countries', '2,492,223 Ordinary Shares', '9,269,424 Ordinary Shares', '5,599,130 Ordinary Shares', '3,670,294 Ordinary Shares', 'global coordinators', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'physics-based approaches', 'treatment possibilities', '3 nominal value', 'United States', 'exchange rate', 'regulated market', '25th resolutions', 'regulatory approvals', 'registration requirements', 'Regulatory Cap', 'underwriting commissions', 'Allotment Option', 'Jefferies LLC', 'Leerink Partners', 'joint bookrunners', 'performance guarantee', 'bonne fin', 'Executive Board', 'legal entities', 'regular basis', '3,670,294 restricted ADSs', 'European Offering', 'offering price', 'Article L.', 'qualified investors', '24th resolution', 'specific investors', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'Johnson Innovation', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'NBTX', 'patients', 'cancer', 'pricing', 'categories', 'France', 'meaning', 'Canada', 'October', 'November', 'less', 'discount', 'June', 'JJDC', 'Economy', 'portion', 'excess', 'closing', 'deduction', 'respect', 'expenses', 'exercise', 'Over', 'Guggenheim', 'garantie', 'Type', 'case', 'way', 'date', 'delegation', 'accordance', 'criteria', 'natural', 'companies', 'trusts', 'healthcare']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32191,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/02/2772462/0/en/Information-on-share-capital-and-voting-rights-October-2023.html,Information on share capital and voting rights - October 2023,Information on share capital and voting rights October 2023  Statement made in accordance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial Code and......,Information on share capital and voting rightsOctober 2023Statement made in accordance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial Code and articles 221-1 2 ° f) and 223-16 of the AMF Regulations.November 2nd  2023Statement made by:Nexans S.A.Registered office : 4 Allée de l’Arche - 92400 CourbevoieRCS Nanterre 393 525 852Regulated market of Euronext Paris (Compartment A)DateTotal number of sharesTotal number of voting rights Theorical (1) Exercisable (2) October 31st  2023 43 753 380 43 753 380 43 661 473(1) Calculated based on all shares with voting rights  including treasury shares stripped of voting rights (Art. 223-11 of AMF General Regulations).(2) For information  excluding treasury shares stripped of voting rights  excluding liquidity contract.Provision of Nexans articles of association requiring shareholders to declare the crossing of threshold other than the legal thresholds: yes.Extract of article 7 of Nexans articles of association: “Fully paid up shares may be registered or bearer at the option of the shareholder. In addition to the legal obligation to inform the company when certain fractions of the share capital are held  any natural or legal person and/or shareholder owning a number of shares in the company equal to or greater than 2 % of the share capital or voting rights must notify the company of the total number of shares held  within a period of fifteen days from the time the threshold is crossed  by registered letter with acknowledgement of receipt. A further notification must be sent  in accordance with the conditions hereof  each time that a multiple of 2 % is reached.”Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['share capital', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'October', 'French commercial Code', 'AMF General Regulations', 'Nexans S.A.', 'voting rights Theorical', 'AMF Regulations', 'Compartment A', 'share capital', 'Registered office', '4 Allée', 'RCS Nanterre', 'Regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'liquidity contract', 'Nexans articles', 'legal thresholds', 'legal obligation', 'legal person', 'fifteen days', 'Total number', 'article L.', 'October 31st', 'treasury shares', 'Information', 'Statement', 'accordance', 'November', '92400 Courbevoie', 'Date', 'Art.', 'Provision', 'association', 'shareholders', 'crossing', 'Extract', 'option', 'addition', 'company', 'fractions', 'natural', 'period', 'time', 'letter', 'acknowledgement', 'receipt', 'notification', 'conditions', 'multiple', 'Attachment', '2 °']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,globenewswire.com
32192,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/02/2772700/0/en/Fnac-Darty-Information-on-the-total-number-of-shares-and-voting-rights-at-October-31-2023.html,Fnac Darty: Information on the total number of shares and voting rights at October 31  2023,Ivry  2 November 2023  Regulated information  INFORMATION ON THE TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTING RIGHTS   Statement in compliance with article L....,Ivry  2 November 2023Regulated informationINFORMATION ON THE TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARESAND VOTING RIGHTSStatement in compliance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial code and article 223- 16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF – Autorité des marchés financiers)Stock Market Euronext ParisISIN Code FR0011476928DateTotal number of shares composing the share capital of the company Total number of gross voting rightsTotal number of net voting rights (*) 31/10/2023 27 778 578 27 778 578 27 630 778(*) Net = After deduction of the shares deprived of voting rightIn accordance with Article 9 of the Company's Articles of Association  any physical or legal person  acting alone or in concert  who comes to hold  or ceases to hold  directly or indirectly  a percentage of the company's capital or voting rights equal to or greater than 3% or any multiple of 1% above 3%  is required to inform the company by registered letter with return receipt requested within the time limit provided for in Article R. 233-1 of the French Commercial Code (i.e.  as of today  at the latest before the close of trading on the fourth trading day following the day on which the shareholding threshold is crossed).Under the terms of the twentieth resolution of the General Meeting of 29 May 2015  it was decided not to grant any double voting rights as instituted by law 2014-384 of 29 March 2014.CONTACTANALYSTS / INVESTORS investisseurs@fnacdarty.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,True,English,"['Fnac Darty', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', 'October', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Stock Market Euronext Paris', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'French commercial code', 'gross voting rights', 'double voting rights', 'net voting rights', 'fourth trading day', 'ISIN Code', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'General Regulation', 'legal person', 'return receipt', 'time limit', 'shareholding threshold', 'twentieth resolution', 'General Meeting', 'Regulated information', 'article L.', 'share capital', 'Article R.', '29 March', 'Ivry', '2 November', 'THE', 'SHARES', 'Statement', 'compliance', 'AMF', 'Date', 'company', 'deduction', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'physical', 'concert', 'percentage', 'letter', 'today', 'close', 'terms', '29 May', 'law', 'CONTACT', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'fnacdarty', 'Attachment']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,globenewswire.com
32193,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/02/2772656/0/en/Icelandic-Salmon-Invitation-to-presentation-for-the-third-quarter-2023-results.html,Icelandic Salmon - Invitation to presentation for the third quarter 2023 results,Bíldudalur  2nd of November 2023.      Icelandic Salmon will be presenting results for the third quarter of 2023 on Thursday the 9th of November 2023....,Bíldudalur  2nd of November 2023.Icelandic Salmon will be presenting results for the third quarter of 2023 on Thursday the 9th of November 2023. The presentation will be held at Arion Bank headquarters in Borgartún 19  105 Reykjavík  in the conference room Þingvellir.The conference room will be open from: 8:00 Icelandic time(9:00 CEST)and company’s CEO Bjørn Hembre and CFO Jónas Heiðar Birgisson will be presenting the company's results at 9:00 Icelandic time (10:00 CEST).The presentation will be held in English and also available via webcast. Everyone are welcome  and there is no registration needed to attend. To join remotely  please copy and paste the following link into your browser: arnarlax.webcast.isThere will be opportunity to ask questions after the presentation or send in questions at questions@arnarlax.is.A recording of the presentation will be made available on the company’s web site.After the presentation there is an opportunity to book one on one meeting from 10:00–14:00 Icelandic time  if interested to do so please send an email to hjortur@arnarlax.isThe results will be available from 06:30 CEST that morning at the company’s homepage www.arnarlax.is and on Globe Newswire newsroom globenewswire.com/newsroomFor further information  please contact:CEO Bjørn HembreTel: +354 620 1936Email: bjorn@arnarlax.isCFO Jónas Heiðar BirgissonTel: +354 414 0609Email: jonas@arnarlax.isAbout Icelandic Salmon:Icelandic Salmon is listed at the Euronext Growth. The company is the 100% owner of Arnarlax ehf  the leading farming company in Iceland with their head office in Bildudalur. The company is fully integrated  from egg to the fish is delivered to customers in the market  with control over all parts of the value chain.See https://www.arnarlax.is for more information about the company.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['third quarter 2023 results', 'Icelandic Salmon', 'Invitation', 'presentation', 'CFO Jónas Heiðar Birgisson', 'CEO Bjørn Hembre', 'Arion Bank headquarters', 'Globe Newswire newsroom', 'conference room Þingvellir', 'leading farming company', 'Bíldudalur', 'Icelandic Salmon', 'third quarter', 'Borgartún', '105 Reykjavík', '8:00 Icelandic time', '9:00 Icelandic time', 'following link', 'web site', 'one meeting', '10:00–14:00 Icelandic time', 'Euronext Growth', 'head office', 'value chain', 'Arnarlax ehf', '2nd', 'November', 'results', 'Thursday', '9th', 'presentation', 'English', 'webcast', 'Everyone', 'registration', 'browser', 'opportunity', 'questions', 'recording', 'email', 'hjortur', '06:30 CEST', 'homepage', 'globenewswire', 'information', 'Tel', 'bjorn', 'jonas', '100% owner', 'Bildudalur', 'egg', 'fish', 'customers', 'market', 'control', 'parts', '354']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,globenewswire.com
32194,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TARKETT-14899990/news/Tarkett-Number-of-voting-right-October-2023-45225842/,Tarkett - Number of voting right October 2023,(marketscreener.com) PARIS  FRANCE  November  2nd  2023 - Information on the total number of voting rights and shares in Tarkett’s share capital as of October  31  2023 DateTotal number of shares in the share capitalTotal number of voting rightsAs of October …,PARIS  FRANCE  November  2nd  2023 - Information on the total number of voting rights and shares in Tarkett’s share capital as of October  31  2023(Article L233-8-II of the French Commercial Code andArticle 223-16 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers)Date Total number of shares in the share capital Total number of voting rights As of October 31  202365 550 281Number of theoretical voting rights:123 644 811Number of exercisable voting rights:123 626 252** After deduction of the treasury shares without voting rights.***Investor Relations Contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia contactsTarkett - communication@tarkett.comBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83About TarkettWith a history of 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating net sales of € 3.4 billion in 2022. The Group employs 12 000 employees and has 25 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 34 production sites. Tarkett creates and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build ‘The Way to Better Floors”  the Group is committed to circular economy and sustainability  in line with its Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT). www.tarkett-group.comAttachment,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Tarkett', 'Number', 'voting', 'Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach', 'French Commercial Code', 'marchés financiers', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'Euronext regulated market', '25 R&D centers', 'theoretical voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'Media contacts Tarkett', 'sports surface solutions', '8 recycling centers', 'sports fields', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'Autorité des', 'worldwide leader', 'sustainable flooring', 'net sales', '34 production sites', 'The Way', 'Better Floors', 'circular economy', 'compartment B', 'total number', 'The Group', 'treasury shares', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'November', 'Information', 'October', 'Article', 'Date', 'deduction', 'communication', 'Brunswick', 'Tel.', 'history', '140 years', 'innovative', '12,000 employees', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'stores', 'customers', '100 countries', 'sustainability', 'line', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'tarkett-group', 'Attachment']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32195,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/02/2772872/0/en/Cellectis-to-Present-Preliminary-Results-of-NATHALI_01-and-Updated-Results-of-the-BALLI_01-Phases-I-Trials-at-the-American-Society-of-Hematology-ASH-65th-Annual-Meeting.html,Cellectis to Present Preliminary Results of NATHALI_01 and Updated Results of the BALLI_01 Phases I Trials at the American Society of Hematology (ASH) 65th Annual Meeting,NEW YORK  Nov. 02  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --  Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced today t…,NEW YORK  Nov. 02  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced today that preliminary results of the Phase I NATHALI-01 clinical trial evaluating UCART20x22 in patients with relapsed or refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma (r/r NHL) and updated results of the Phase I BALLI-01 clinical trial evaluating UCART22 in patients with relapsed or refractory CD22+ B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia  (r/r B-ALL) will be presented at the American Society of Hematology 65th Annual Meeting (ASH 2023)  that will take place on December 9-12  2023 in San Diego (CA) and online.These data will be presented in two poster sessions:Poster Presentation (P2110)Title: Preliminary Results of Nathali-01: A First-in-Human Phase I/IIa Study of UCART20x22  a Dual Allogeneic CAR-T Cell Product Targeting CD20 and CD22  in Relapsed or Refractory (R/R) Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma (NHL)Session Name: 704. Cellular Immunotherapies: Early Phase and Investigational Therapies: Poster IPresenter: Dr. Jeremy Abramson (Massachusetts General Hospital Cancer Center)Date/Time: Saturday  December 9  2023 at 5:30 - 7:30 PM PT at San Diego Convention Center  Halls G-HThe poster presentation highlights the following data:as of July 1  2023  3 patients were enrolled and treated at dose level 1 (50 million cells) with product manufactured in-house by Cellectis. Cytokine release syndrome (CRS) Grade 1 or 2 occurred in all patients  and all CRS resolved with treatment.No immune effector cell associated neurotoxicity (ICANS) or graft versus host disease (GvHD) was observed. There were no UCART20x22 dose limiting toxicities (DLTs)  and there was 1 DLT in connection with CLLS52 (alemtuzumab).All patients responded at Day 28  with 1 partial metabolic response and 2 complete metabolic responses in patients who had failed prior autologous CD19 CAR T-cell therapies.UCART20x22 expansion correlated with increases in serum cytokine and inflammatory marker levels as well as with CRS.These initial data support the continued clinical trial evaluating UCART20x22 in R/R NHL.Poster Presentation (P4847)Title: Updated Results of the Phase I BALLI-01 Trial of UCART22 Process 2 (P2)  an Anti-CD22 Allogeneic CAR-T Cell Product Manufactured By Cellectis Biologics  in Patients with Relapsed or Refractory (R/R) CD22+ B-Cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (B-ALL)Session Name: 704. Cellular Immunotherapies: Early Phase and Investigational Therapies: Poster IIIPresenter: Dr. Nitin Jain (University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center)Date/Time: Monday  December 11  2023 at 6:00 - 8:00 PM PT at San Diego Convention Center  Halls G-HThe poster presentation highlights the following data:In vitro comparability studies suggested that UCART22 Process 2 (P2) (manufactured in-house by Cellectis) is more potent than UCART22 Process 1 (P1) (manufactured by an external CDMO)  and as of July 1  2023  3 patients were enrolled into the first UCART22 P2 cohort at dose level 2 (1 million cells/kg).UCART22 P2 was administered after fludarabine  cyclophosphamide  and alemtuzumab (FCA) lymphodepletion regimen and was well tolerated. No DLTs or ICANS was observed  and the CRS observed was Grade 1 or 2.There was a higher preliminary response rate (67%) at dose level 2 (1 million cells/kg) with UCART22 P2 (manufactured in-house by Cellectis) compared to 50% at dose level 3 (5 million cells/kg) with UCART22 P1 (manufactured by an external CDMO).UCART22 expansion was observed in the responding patients and correlated with increases in serum cytokines and inflammatory markers.The study continues to enroll patients at dose level 2i (2.5 million cells/kg) with UCART22 P2.About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “plan ” “could” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  include statements about the preliminary results for the NATHALI-01 and BALLI-01 clinical trials and the objectives of such trials  which remain ongoing; the ability to progress our clinical trials and to present any additional data from these trials; clinical outcomes from our clinical trials  which may materially change as more patient data becomes available  potential benefits of our UCART product candidates; and our manufacturing capabilities. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. With respect to our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2022 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contact:Patricia Sosa Navarro  Chief of Staff to the CEO  +33 (0)7 76 77 46 93  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.38,0.29,0.33,True,English,"['BALLI_01 Phases I Trials', '65th Annual Meeting', 'Preliminary Results', 'Updated Results', 'American Society', 'Cellectis', 'NATHALI_01', 'Hematology', 'ASH', 'prior autologous CD19 CAR T-cell therapies', 'refractory CD22+ B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'Dual Allogeneic CAR-T Cell Product Targeting', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Massachusetts General Hospital Cancer Center', 'Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center', 'Phase I NATHALI-01 clinical trial', 'Anti-CD22 Allogeneic CAR-T Cell Product', 'Phase I BALLI-01 clinical trial', 'Phase I BALLI-01 Trial', 'Hematology 65th Annual Meeting', 'San Diego Convention Center', 'Human Phase I/IIa Study', 'higher preliminary response rate', 'first UCART22 P2 cohort', 'UCART20x22 dose limiting toxicities', 'continued clinical trial', 'applicable securities laws', 'life-changing product candidates', '1 partial metabolic response', 'immune effector cell', 'Dr. Jeremy Abramson', '2 complete metabolic responses', 'Dr. Nitin Jain', 'vitro comparability studies', 'unmet medical needs', 'refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'R/R) Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma', 'inflammatory marker levels', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'pioneering electroporation system', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'hemopoietic stem cells', 'two poster sessions', 'Cytokine release syndrome', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'dose level 2i', 'gene editing technology', 'Poster III Presenter', 'allogeneic approach', 'CAR-T immunotherapies', 'CAR T-cells', 'Early Phase', 'life-saving cell', 'cancer patients', 'gene therapies', 'immune system', 'Investigational Therapies', 'serum cytokine', 'inflammatory markers', 'press release', 'preliminary results', 'million cells', 'Poster Presentation', 'therapeutic gene', 'UCART22 Process 2', 'UCART22 P1', 'UCART22 expansion', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'American Society', 'Session Name', 'Cellular Immunotherapies', 'host disease', 'external CDMO', 'North Carolina', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'R/R NHL', 'UCART20x22 expansion', 'following data', 'initial data', 'Updated Results', 'various diseases', 'Cellectis Biologics', 'responding patients', 'Cellectis’ headquarters', '3 patients', 'ALCLS', 'CLLS', 'relapsed', 'ASH', 'place', 'December', 'Title', 'CD20', 'Date/Time', 'Saturday', '7:30 PM', 'Halls', 'G-H', 'July', 'CRS', 'Grade', 'treatment', 'neurotoxicity', 'ICANS', 'graft', 'GvHD', 'DLTs', '1 DLT', 'connection', 'alemtuzumab', 'increases', 'B-ALL', 'University', 'Monday', '8:00 PM', 'house', 'fludarabine', 'cyclophosphamide', 'oncology', 'concept', 'shelf', 'gene-edited', '23 years', 'experience', 'expertise', 'TALEN®', 'PulseAgile', 'power', 'order', 'Paris', 'France', 'locations', 'Raleigh', 'meaning', '4.', '5:30', '6:00']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,globenewswire.com
32196,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DBV-TECHNOLOGIES-10189744/news/DBV-Technologies-to-Present-New-Data-at-ACAAI-2023-45229324/,DBV Technologies to Present New Data at ACAAI 2023,(marketscreener.com) Montrouge  France  November 2  2023 DBV Technologies to Present New Data at ACAAI 2023 New data to include late-breaking abstract detailing interim 12-month results from the ongoing Phase 3 open-label extension to the EPITOPE trial of Via…,Montrouge  France  November 2  2023DBV Technologies to Present New Data at ACAAI 2023New data to include late-breaking abstract detailing interim 12-month results from the ongoing Phase 3 open-label extension to the EPITOPE trial (EPOPEX) of Viaskin™ Peanut in peanut-allergic toddlers.DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced that new data on the use of Viaskin™ Peanut (DBV712) 250 μg in peanut-allergic toddlers will be presented at the American College of Allergy  Asthma & Immunology (ACAAI) Annual Scientific Meeting  which is being held Thursday  November 9 – Monday  November 13  2023  in Anaheim  CA.A late-breaking oral abstract has been accepted by the ACAAI and will be presented on the interim 12-month results from the ongoing Phase 3 open-label extension to the EPITOPE trial (EPOPEX) trial of Viaskin™ Peanut in peanut-allergic toddlers. The presentation will be available on DBV’s website  www.dbv-technologies.com  following the conclusion of the meeting for those who are unable to attend.This year’s meeting will also feature a “Product Theater” on Individualizing Peanut Allergy Management: A Case-based Panel Discussion. Drs. Douglas Mack  David Stukus  and Julie Wang will engage in a discussion around the factors influencing peanut allergy management  such as use of food challenges and effects of comorbidities  using various patient scenarios. The Product Theater is scheduled for Saturday  November 11  from 11:35 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. PST.DBV is sponsoring the 32nd Annual FIT Bowl  a game show-type competition that tests allergy  asthma  and immunology knowledge of participating teams from training programs around the country. The competition is set to be held on Saturday  November 11  from 5:45 p.m. to 7:45 p.m. PST. In addition  DBV is a 2023 ACAAI Benefactor Level Corporate Council Member. The Company will also host a booth in the ACAAI Exhibit Hall from Saturday  November 11 – Monday  November 13th.“We are very pleased to have a significant presence at ACAAI again this year and add to the growing body of data on the potential of Viaskin Peanut as a new treatment option for peanut-allergic toddlers ” said Dr. Pharis Mohideen  Chief Medical Officer of DBV Technologies. “With no FDA approved treatments  toddlers and their families must practice avoidance  which can be stressful and can significantly impact quality of life. Our goal is to complete the remaining regulatory steps in support of a Biologics License Application (BLA) as quickly and efficiently as possible to potentially bring this novel treatment to these patients in need.”DBV Abstracts:Late Breaking Abstract Presentation“EPOPEX  Efficacy and Safety of Epicutaneous Immunotherapy in Peanut-allergic Toddlers: 1-year Open-Label Extension to EPITOPE” will be presented by Matthew Greenhawt  M.D.  M.Sc.  MBA  FACAAI  Children’s Hospital Colorado  Aurora  CO.Abstract ID: LB010Presentation Date: Saturday  November 11Presentation Time: 9:40 a.m. – 9:50 a.m. PSTSession/location: Late-breaking Oral Abstracts - Session 1: Food Allergy; Exhibit Hall C – ePoster Area – LIVE Presentation StageViaskin Peanut is the Company’s lead product candidate designed to reduce the risk of allergic reactions due to accidental exposure to peanuts. An investigational  non-invasive  once-daily epicutaneous patch  Viaskin Peanut seeks to deliver microgram quantities of peanut antigen to re-educate the immune system. The safety and efficacy of Viaskin Peanut have not yet been established by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or the European Medicines Agency.About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including  but not limited to  statements regarding the therapeutic potential of Viaskin™ Peanut and EPIT™ and DBV’s planned regulatory and clinical efforts including timing and results of communications with regulatory agencies  and the ability of any of DBV’s product candidates  if approved  to improve the lives of patients with food allergies. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. At this stage  DBV’s product candidates have not been authorized for sale in any country. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described or project herein include uncertainties associated generally with research and development  clinical trials and related regulatory reviews and approvals. A further list and description of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth herein can be found in DBV Technologies’ regulatory filings with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV Technologies’ filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Investor ContactKatie Matthews+ 1 (857) 529-2363katie.matthews@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela Marcucci+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Attachment,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.5,0.27,0.23,True,English,"['DBV Technologies', 'New Data', 'ACAAI', '2023 ACAAI Benefactor Level Corporate Council Member', '32nd Annual FIT Bowl', 'investigational proprietary technology platform', 'ongoing Phase 3 open-label extension', 'DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'Late Breaking Abstract Presentation', 'ACAAI) Annual Scientific Meeting', 'Individualizing Peanut Allergy Management', '1-year Open-Label Extension', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'ongoing clinical trials', 'late-breaking abstract detailing', 'late-breaking oral abstract', 'Drs. Douglas Mack', 'various patient scenarios', 'Dr. Pharis Mohideen', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Biologics License Application', 'Exhibit Hall C', 'European Medicines Agency', 'U.S. Food', 'ACAAI Exhibit Hall', 'lead product candidate', 'North American operations', 'one ordinary share', 'LIVE Presentation Stage', 'interim 12-month results', 'non-invasive product candidates', 'Case-based Panel Discussion', 'game show-type competition', 'remaining regulatory steps', 'broad potential applications', 'new treatment option', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'DBV Technologies’ method', 'The Product Theater', 'food allergic patients', 'training programs', 'Food Allergy', 'Abstract ID', 'global headquarters', 'food challenges', 'American College', 'novel treatment', 'allergic reactions', 'ordinary shares', 'clinical efforts', 'Presentation Date', 'Presentation Time', 'DBV Abstracts', 'peanut antigen', 'new class', 'Viaskin™ Peanut', 'Viaskin Peanut', 'David Stukus', 'Julie Wang', 'participating teams', 'significant presence', 'growing body', 'Matthew Greenhawt', 'M.D.', 'M.Sc.', 'ePoster Area', 'accidental exposure', 'epicutaneous patch', 'microgram quantities', 'immune system', 'Drug Administration', 'active compounds', 'intact skin', 'Basking Ridge', 'segment B', 'press release', 'therapeutic potential', 'regulatory agencies', 'New Data', 'peanut-allergic toddlers', 'EPITOPE trial', 'Epicutaneous Immunotherapy', 'immunology knowledge', 'The Company', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'forward-looking statements', 'EPOPEX) trial', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'November', 'DBVT', 'use', 'DBV71', '250 μg', 'Asthma', 'Thursday', 'Monday', 'Anaheim', 'CA.', 'website', 'dbv-technologies', 'conclusion', 'factors', 'effects', 'comorbidities', 'Saturday', '11:35 a', 'country', 'addition', 'booth', 'FDA', 'treatments', 'families', 'avoidance', 'quality', 'life', 'goal', 'support', 'BLA', 'need', 'Efficacy', 'Safety', 'MBA', 'FACAAI', 'Children', 'Hospital', 'Colorado', 'Aurora', 'LB010', '9:50 a', 'Session/location', 'risk', 'peanuts', 'EPIT™', 'care', 'NJ.', 'Ticker', 'ADSs', 'one-half', 'estimates', 'timing', 'communications', 'ability', 'lives', '1:00', '5:45', '7:45', '9:40']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32197,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/02/2772705/0/en/US-2023-NASS-conference-VEOS-System.html,US 2023 NASS conference : VEOS System,Press release        Ecully  Novembre 2  2023 – 6:30 p.m.    VEOS system well perceived at the NASS 2023 conference in the United States  Sales growth...,Press release Ecully  Novembre 2  2023 – 6:30 p.m.VEOS system well perceived at the NASS 2023 conferencein the United StatesSales growth in FranceSpineway Group  specialists in innovative implants for the treatment of severe spinal pathologies  is pleased to announce that its VEOS posterior spinal fixation system received an excellent response from the spine implant industry at the North American Spine Society (NASS) Congress in Los Angeles last October1.During the event  the Group received numerous expressions of interest in its VEOS fixation system  which has obtained 510(k) clearance from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA)  and established contacts with potential American partners for its distribution in the USA. This innovative platform offers spine surgeons a unique modularity  since the rational organization of the implant and instrument kits enables them to perform many different types of procedure with a single system  whether in open or minimally invasive surgery (MIS).As a reminder  the VEOS range is one of a number of Distimp2 products that now account for a significant proportion of the Group's sales in France. In the first nine months of 2023  Distimp sales in France rose by 45% compared with 2022  driven mainly by the success of the VEOS range with a large number of French healthcare establishments  including several University Hospitals.This trend should continue with sales of the VEOS range starting up in Spain before the end of 2023.Thanks to of these initial positive developments  Spineway will be pursuing its development plans  confirming its aim of becoming an innovative player in France and internationally  leader in less invasive spine treatments.Next events :10 November 2023: Extraordinary General MeetingSPINEWAY IS ELIGIBLE FOR PEA-SME (EQUITY SAVINGS PLANS FOR SMES)Find out all about Spineway at www.spineway.comThis press release has been prepared in both English and French. In case of discrepancies  the French version shall prevail.Spineway designs  manufactures and markets innovative implants and surgical instruments for treating severe disorders of the spinal column.Spineway has an international network of over 50 independent distributors and 90% of its revenue comes from exports.Spineway  which is eligible for investment through FCPIs (French unit trusts specializing in innovation)  has received the OSEO Excellence award since 2011 and has won the Deloitte Fast 50 award (2011). Rhône Alpes INPI Patent Innovation award (2013) – INPI Talent award (2015).ISIN: FR001400BVK2 - ALSPWContacts:SPINEWAYShareholder-services lineAvailable Tuesday through Thursday+33 (0)806 706 060Eligible PEA / PMEALSPWEuronext GrowthAELIUMFinance & CommunicationInvestor relationsSolène Kennisspineway@aelium.fr1 Press release dated 19 October 2023  NASS Congress 18-20 October 2023  Los Angeles  USA2 Company acquired in 2021Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.62,0.36,0.01,True,English,"['US 2023 NASS conference', 'VEOS System', 'VEOS posterior spinal fixation system', 'North American Spine Society', 'less invasive spine treatments', 'INPI Patent Innovation award', 'INPI Talent award', 'VEOS fixation system', 'potential American partners', 'minimally invasive surgery', 'OSEO Excellence award', 'Deloitte Fast 50 award', 'many different types', 'first nine months', 'several University Hospitals', 'initial positive developments', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Rhône Alpes', 'Solène Kennis', 'severe spinal pathologies', 'EQUITY SAVINGS PLANS', 'spine implant industry', 'French healthcare establishments', 'French unit trusts', 'VEOS system', 'spinal column', 'spine surgeons', 'single system', 'VEOS range', 'development plans', 'severe disorders', 'French version', 'Press release', 'NASS 2023 conference', 'United States', 'innovative implants', 'excellent response', 'NASS) Congress', 'Los Angeles', 'numerous expressions', '510(k) clearance', 'Drug Administration', 'innovative platform', 'unique modularity', 'rational organization', 'instrument kits', 'Distimp2 products', 'significant proportion', 'innovative player', 'Next events', 'surgical instruments', 'international network', '50 independent distributors', 'Shareholder-services line', 'Eligible PEA', 'Euronext Growth', 'Investor relations', 'NASS Congress', 'Sales growth', 'Distimp sales', 'large number', 'Spineway designs', 'ALSPW Contacts', 'Spineway Group', 'Ecully', 'Novembre', 'France', 'specialists', 'interest', 'Food', 'FDA', 'distribution', 'USA', 'procedure', 'open', 'MIS', 'reminder', 'success', 'trend', 'Spain', 'aim', '10 November', 'PEA-SME', 'SMES', 'English', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'revenue', 'exports', 'investment', 'FCPIs', 'ISIN', 'FR001400BVK2', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', 'AELIUM', 'Finance', 'Communication', 'October', '2 Company', 'Attachment', '6:30', '19']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,globenewswire.com
32198,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CTT-CORREIOS-DE-PORTUGAL--15132607/news/CTT-Correios-de-Portugal-S-A-Interim-report-on-the-transactions-carried-out-in-the-context-of-the-45228264/,CTT Correios de Portugal S A : Interim report on the transactions carried out in the context of the share buy-back program -November 02  2023 at 02:31 pm EDT,(marketscreener.com)    CTT - Correios de Portugal  S.A.   Av. dos Combatentes  43 - 14th Floor 1643-001LISBOA   Lisbon commercial registry and fiscal no. 500 077 568   Share Capital EUR 71 957 500.00   Announcement - Lisbon  2 November 2023..…,"CTT - Correios de Portugal  S.A.Av. dos Combatentes  43 - 14th Floor 1643-001LISBOALisbon commercial registry and fiscal no. 500 077 568Share Capital EUR 71 957 500.00Announcement - Lisbon  2 November 2023Interim report on the transactions carried out in the context of the share buy-back programCTT - Correios de Portugal  S.A. (""CTT"" or ""Company"") hereby informs that in the period from 27 October to 2 November 2023 (inclusive) Banco BPI  S.A. has acquired 117 861 shares representing CTT's share capital  under the share buy-back program (""Buy-back Program"") and as the financial intermediary in charge of the execution of said program  in Euronext Lisbon regulated market  as detailed in the table below (aggregated information):ISIN Code: PTCTT0AM0001Date of the Aggregated Weighted % Session's Total % Share transaction Volume (shares) Average Price (€) Volume Capital 27-10-2023 17 951 3.5150 7.54% 0.01% 30-10-2023 20 700 3.5475 6.95% 0.01% 31-10-2023 20 000 3.5900 6.03% 0.01% 01-11-2023 25 210 3.6074 9.44% 0.02% 02-11-2023 34 000 3.6270 5.86% 0.02%As at 2 November  the Company had already acquired 1 939 712 shares under the scope of the Buy- back Program announced to the market on 21 June 2023. The price paid for these acquisitions amounted to a total of €6 685 978.As a consequence  on this date  the Company holds an aggregated total of 3 317 844 own shares  representing 2.31% of its share capital. Further detailed information on all transactions carried out under the Buy-back Program  in the period from 27 October to 2 November 2023 (inclusive)  may be found in the tables attached hereto as Annexes 1 to 5.As disclosed to the market in due time  on 26 June 2023  CTT started trading in the context of the Buy-back Program  pursuant to the terms and limitations set forth in (i) the resolution adopted under item 9 of the Agenda of the 2023 General Shareholders' Meeting of CTT granting authorization for the acquisition and transfer of own shares by the Company and its subsidiaries  as set forth in such shareholders' resolution and subject to a decision of the Company's Board of Directors  and (ii) the resolution of the Board of Directors of CTT  of 21 June 2023  under which a share buy-back program",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Portugal S A', 'share buy-back program', 'CTT Correios', 'Interim report', 'transactions', 'context', 'November', '02:31', 'Euronext Lisbon regulated market', 'Total % Share transaction Volume', 'Av. dos Combatentes', 'Lisbon commercial registry', 'Aggregated Weighted % Session', ""2023 General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'share buy-back program', 'Volume Capital', 'aggregated total', 'Share Capital', '14th Floor', 'Interim report', 'S.A.', 'Banco BPI', 'financial intermediary', 'ISIN Code', 'due time', ""shareholders' resolution"", 'Correios de', 'Average Price', 'detailed information', 'CTT', 'Portugal', '001LISBOA', 'fiscal', 'Announcement', '2 November', 'transactions', 'context', 'Company', 'period', '27 October', '117,861 shares', 'charge', 'execution', 'table', 'Date', '1,939,712 shares', 'scope', '21 June', 'acquisitions', 'consequence', 'Further', 'Annexes', '26 June', 'terms', 'limitations', 'item', 'Agenda', 'authorization', 'transfer', 'subsidiaries', 'decision', 'Board', 'Directors', '3,317,844']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32199,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/02/lincoln-national-corp-reduces-stake-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Lincoln National Corp Reduces Stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Lincoln National Corp decreased its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 12.0% in the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The fun…,Lincoln National Corp decreased its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 12.0% in the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The fund owned 66 113 shares of the company’s stock after selling 9 028 shares during the quarter. Lincoln National Corp’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $9 893 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.Other institutional investors and hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. New York Life Investment Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 2nd quarter worth approximately $9 312 000. Clal Insurance Enterprises Holdings Ltd acquired a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 2nd quarter worth $1 070 525 000. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. lifted its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 19.5% in the second quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 3 044 147 shares of the company’s stock valued at $455 526 000 after acquiring an additional 495 874 shares during the last quarter. Citizens Financial Group Inc. RI acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the second quarter valued at $336 000. Finally  Atlas Private Wealth Advisors grew its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 408.0% during the second quarter. Atlas Private Wealth Advisors now owns 70 195 shares of the company’s stock worth $10 504 000 after purchasing an additional 56 378 shares during the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading Up 1.4 %Shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock traded up $1.85 on Thursday  hitting $138.14. The stock had a trading volume of 1 037 583 shares  compared to its average volume of 4 489 884. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $143.16 and its 200 day moving average price is $145.68. The stock has a market cap of $39.05 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 52-week low of $133.34 and a 52-week high of $155.77.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured ArticlesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.49,0.49,0.02,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Lincoln National Corp', 'Stake', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'New York Life Investment Management LLC', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Citizens Financial Group Inc. RI', 'Clal Insurance Enterprises Holdings Ltd', 'Envestnet Asset Management Inc.', 'Atlas Private Wealth Advisors', '50 day moving average price', '200 day moving average price', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Lincoln National Corp', 'Other institutional investors', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'latest 13F filings', 'concise daily summary', 'other hedge funds', 'trading volume', 'financial companies', 'average volume', 'new stake', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'recent quarter', 'Free Report', 'new position', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'Exchange Commission', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', '52-week low', '52-week high', 'Featured Articles', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', '2nd quarter', 'second quarter', 'last quarter', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', ""analysts' ratings"", 'MarketBeat.com', 'additional 495,874 shares', 'additional 56,378 shares', '66,113 shares', '9,028 shares', '3,044,147 shares', '70,195 shares', '1,037,583 shares', 'company', 'Securities', 'stock', 'end', 'stakes', 'Thursday', 'beta', 'transportation', 'HoldingsChannel']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,etfdailynews.com
32200,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SHURGARD-SELF-STORAGE-LTD-46600355/news/Shurgard-Self-Storage-S-A-signs-new-purchase-agreement-in-London-45220701/,Shurgard Self Storage S A : signs new purchase agreement in London -November 02  2023 at 05:34 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE   November 1  2023   Shurgard Self Storage Ltd      Shurgard signs new purchase agreement in London   Shurgard - the largest developer  owner and operator of self-storage facilities in Europe - has…,"FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASENovember 1  2023Shurgard Self Storage Ltd(""Shurgard"")Shurgard signs new purchase agreement in LondonShurgard - the largest developer  owner and operator of self-storage facilities in Europe - has signed a conditional purchase agreement in London (south West).The future c. 6 600 sqm self-storage facility will offer over 1 300 clean and secure self-storage units and is set to open in 2025.self-storage facility will offer over 1 300 clean and secure self-storage units and is set to open in 2025. The new freehold building will be managed both on-site and in part by an existing Shurgard storage location in close proximity.on-site and in part by an existing Shurgard storage location in close proximity. The site is well located in a very tight area which historically has offered little opportunity in terms of available sites.With high pedestrian traffic and good access from local roads  this site represents an opportunity to add to our presence in this part of London.Shurgard currently offers self-storage solutions in 42 properties in the United Kingdom - 39 facilities in London and three facilities in the Thames Valley.Shurgard currently has six properties in its organic development pipeline for that country:Chiswick | West London (c. 6 500 net sqm) set to open in 2023Tottenham | North London (c. 8 200 net sqm) set to open in 2023One property | South-East London (c. 6 400 net sqm) set to open in 2025South-East London (c. 6 400 net sqm) set to open in 2025 One property | South-West London (c. 7 400 net sqm) set to open in 2025South-West London (c. 7 400 net sqm) set to open in 2025 One property | Central-West London (c. 7 400 net sqm) set to open in 2025Central-West London (c. 7 400 net sqm) set to open in 2025 And this new project | South-West London (c. 6 600 net sqm) set to open in 2025These projects will add a total of 42 500 sqm of net self-storage space - or c. 20% of the existing Shurgard footprint in the London market.About ShurgardShurgard is the largest provider of self storage in Europe. The company owns and/or operates 275 self- storage facilities and approximately 1.4 million net rentable square meters in seven countries: France  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom  Sweden  Germany  Belgium and Denmark.Shurgard is a GRESB 5-star and Sector Leader  has a 'AA' ESG rating from MSCI  Sustainalytics Low risk  EPRA sBPR Gold medal. Shurgard is part of the BEL ESG index.Shurgard's European network currently serves more than 190 000 customers and employs approximately 750 people. Shurgard is listed on Euronext Brussels under the symbol ""SHUR"".",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.44,0.21,0.35,True,English,"['Shurgard Self Storage S A', 'new purchase agreement', 'London', 'November', '05', '1.4 million net rentable square meters', 'future c. 6,600 sqm self-storage facility', 'EPRA sBPR Gold medal', 'existing Shurgard storage location', 'Shurgard Self Storage Ltd', 'conditional purchase agreement', 'high pedestrian traffic', 'organic development pipeline', ""AA' ESG rating"", 'Sustainalytics Low risk', 'BEL ESG index', 'secure self-storage units', 'new purchase agreement', 'new freehold building', 'existing Shurgard footprint', '275 self- storage facilities', 'net self-storage space', 'self-storage facilities', 'self-storage solutions', 'new project', '6,500 net sqm', '8,200 net sqm', '6,400 net sqm', '7,400 net sqm', '6,600 net sqm', 'IMMEDIATE RELEASE', 'close proximity', 'tight area', 'available sites', 'good access', 'local roads', 'United Kingdom', 'three facilities', 'Thames Valley', 'One property', 'largest provider', 'seven countries', 'GRESB 5-star', 'Sector Leader', 'European network', 'Euronext Brussels', 'North London', 'South-East London', 'South-West London', 'Central-West London', 'London market', 'little opportunity', 'six properties', '42,500 sqm', '39 facilities', '42 properties', 'November', 'owner', 'operator', '1,300 clean', 'part', 'terms', 'presence', 'country', 'Chiswick', 'Tottenham', 'projects', 'total', 'company', 'France', 'Netherlands', 'Sweden', 'Germany', 'Belgium', 'Denmark', 'MSCI', '190,000 customers', '750 people', 'symbol', '2025']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32201,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENFIT-16311755/news/GENFIT-to-Present-Update-on-Scientific-and-Corporate-Progress-at-The-Liver-Meeting-2023-45229899/,GENFIT to Present Update on Scientific and Corporate Progress at The Liver Meeting® 2023,(marketscreener.com) GENFIT to lead 3 key events on ACLF during AASLD: ACLF Day for Investors/Analysts on November 11  2023Patient Advocacy Council meeting on November 11  2023ACLF Investigator event on November 12  2023 Detailed interim data from the ELATIVE…,GENFIT to lead 3 key events on ACLF during AASLD: ACLF Day for Investors/Analysts on November 11  2023 Patient Advocacy Council meeting on November 11  2023 ACLF Investigator event on November 12  2023Detailed interim data from the ELATIVE ® Phase 3 results evaluating elafibranor in PBC to be presented by GENFIT’s partner Ipsen  in a late breaking oral session on November 13  2023GENFIT to present new data on its NASH1 diagnostics technologyLille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States)  Zurich (Switzerland)  November 2 2023 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases  today announced that it will present an update on its scientific and corporate progress at The Liver Meeting® 2023 organized by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD)  which will take place in Boston  MA (USA) from November 10-14  2023.GENFIT to lead 3 key events on Acute on Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF) during AASLDACLF DayGENFIT will host an Investor/Analyst event on Saturday  November 11  2023 at 12.30pm ET in Boston with the participation of key stakeholders:Dr. Jennifer Lai (MD  MBA  FACP  Transplant hepatologist  University of California  San Francisco (UCSF)  USA) will present the ACLF disease state  patient journey and unmet medical needs in ACLFRobert Stolper  Managing Principal and Pierre-Antoine Andre  Vice President from IQVIA will present the ACLF market opportunityACLF Investigator EventGENFIT will host an ACLF Investigator event on Sunday  November 12  2023 at 6.30pm ET at the Hilton Boston Back Bay  Westminster. Participants include study investigators  principal investigators and other healthcare professionals from the US  France  Germany and the UK.Patient Advocacy Council MeetingTwo Patient Advocacy Council sessions will be held on Saturday November 11  2023. Topics on the agenda include developing a robust patient engagement plan with a specific focus on ACLF  and further initiatives to facilitate patient access to innovative medicine through clinical trials and patient perspectives and insights. Participants in this event include Dr. Jennifer Lai (MD  MBA  FACP) and the Global Liver Institute.Interim data disclosure for the ELATIVE® Phase 3 trial evaluating elafibranor in PBCIpsen will present the full 52-week results from the ELATIVE® Phase 3 trial evaluating elafibranor in Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC) in a late-breaking oral session (Abstract #484  Monday  November 13 at 4.45pm ET).Following the late-breaker presentation of the ELATIVE® Phase 3 interim results  Ipsen plans to host a conference call for analysts and investors on Tuesday November 14 at 4.00pm CET / 10.00am ET. Joining the event will be Dr. Christopher Bowlus  Lena Valente Professor and Chief of the Division of Gastroenterology and Hepatology at the University of California Davis School of Medicine  presenter of the late-breaker session.GENFIT’s NASH diagnostics technology presentationsGENFIT will present new data on its NASH diagnostics technology  including:Performances of NIS2+™ and other non-invasive tests for the detection of at-risk NASH along the BMI (Body Mass Index) spectrum (Poster #2089-A)The impact of BMI on NIS2+™ and established non-invasive tests for the evaluation of non-alcoholic liver disease (15’ Oral Presentation #238  Pr. Sven Francque)The sequential use of FIB-4 and NIS2+™ for an accurate detection of non-cirrhotic at-risk NASH patients for enrollment in NASH clinical trials (Poster of Distinction #2100-A) 2NIS2-mice  an adaptation of the clinical NIS2+™ diagnostic test for the detection of NAS ≥4 & F ≥2 in GAN diet-induced obese and biopsy confirmed mouse model of NASH with advanced fibrosis (Poster #2082-A  in collaboration with Gubra)LabCorp Product TheaterLabCorp  GENFIT’s commercial partner for its diagnostics technology  will also host a Product Theater  highlighting recent data for NIS4® and NIS2+™ technology and their use in patient management  as well as in clinical trials. A 30-minute presentation will be held with Dr. Stephen Harrison speaking on Monday  November 13 from 1:30-2:00 PM ET at the Plaza Level exhibit hall (Product Theater #2).ENDABOUT AASLDAASLD is the leading organization of scientists and health care professionals committed to preventing and curing liver disease. AASLD fosters research that leads to improved treatment options for millions of liver disease patients. They advance the science and practice of hepatology through educational conferences  training programs  professional publications  and partnerships with government agencies and sister societies.ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and strong scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Today  GENFIT has a growing and diversified pipeline with programs at various development stages. The Company's area of focus is Acute on Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF). Its ACLF franchise consists of five assets in development: VS-01  NTZ  SRT-015  CLM-022 and VS-02-HE. These are all based on differentiated mechanisms of action leveraging complementary pathways. Other assets target other life-threatening disease indications such as cholangiocarcinoma (CCA) and Urea Cycle Disorders (UCD)/Organic Acidemias (OA). GENFIT’s track record in bringing early-stage assets with high potential to late development and pre-commercialization stages is highlighted in the successful 52-week Phase 3 ELATIVE® trial evaluating elafibranor in PBC. Beyond therapeutics  GENFIT’s pipeline also includes a diagnostic franchise focused on MASH (previously known as NASH) and ammonia. GENFIT has facilities in Lille and Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). GENFIT is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  IPSEN became one of GENFIT’s largest shareholders and holds 8% of the company’s share capital. For more information  visit www.genfit.comFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to GENFIT  including  but not limited to statements about the clinical performance of GENFIT’s NASH diagnostics technology. The use of certain words  including “believe”  “potential ” “expect”  “target”  “may” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on the current expectations and reasonable assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety of drug candidates  cost of  progression of  and results from  our ongoing and planned clinical trials  review and approvals by regulatory authorities in the United States  Europe and worldwide  of our drug and diagnostic candidates  potential commercial success of elafibranor if approved  exchange rate fluctuations  our continued ability to raise capital to fund our development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 “Main Risks and Uncertainties” of the Company’s 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 18  2023  which is available on the Company’s website (www.genfit.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) including the Company’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 18  2023 and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  including the Half-Year Business and Financial Report at June 30  2023 or otherwise made public  by the Company.CONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comGENFIT | Press relationsStephanie Boyer | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com1 At EASL Congress in June 2023 it was announced that nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) would now be referred to as Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (MASH). Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) will now be referred to as metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). GENFIT is progressively transitioning its documentation over to this new nomenclature and both NASH and MASH terms may appear in our documents during this period.2 Abstract identified as “Poster of Distinction.” These are classified as being in the top 5% of scored poster abstracts and will receive special recognition in the Poster Hall.Attachment,neutral,0.12,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['The Liver Meeting', 'Corporate Progress', 'GENFIT', 'Update', 'Scientific', 'ACLF market opportunity ACLF Investigator Event', 'Two Patient Advocacy Council sessions', 'Plaza Level exhibit hall', 'Patient Advocacy Council meeting', 'robust patient engagement plan', 'high unmet medical needs', 'late breaking oral session', 'Hilton Boston Back Bay', 'LabCorp Product Theater LabCorp', 'ELATIVE® Phase 3 interim results', 'clinical NIS2+™ diagnostic test', 'NASH diagnostics technology presentations', 'ELATIVE ® Phase 3 results', 'ELATIVE® Phase 3 trial', 'The Liver Meeting', 'full 52-week results', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Dr. Jennifer Lai', 'other healthcare professionals', 'Primary Biliary Cholangitis', 'late-breaking oral session', 'Dr. Christopher Bowlus', 'Lena Valente Professor', 'Body Mass Index', 'Pr. Sven Francque', 'GAN diet-induced obese', 'Dr. Stephen Harrison', 'health care professionals', 'NASH1 diagnostics technology', 'Chronic Liver Failure', 'Global Liver Institute', 'Detailed interim data', 'Interim data disclosure', 'non-alcoholic liver disease', 'severe liver diseases', 'life-threatening liver diseases', 'ACLF disease state', 'California Davis School', 'other non-invasive tests', 'strong scientific heritage', 'NASH clinical trials', 'liver disease patients', 'liver disease research', 'risk NASH patients', 'two decades', 'patient journey', 'patient access', 'patient perspectives', 'patient management', 'late-breaker session', 'Oral Presentation', 'Investor/Analyst event', 'ACLF Day', 'NIS2+™ technology', 'new data', 'recent data', '3 key events', 'United States', 'corporate progress', 'American Association', 'key stakeholders', 'Transplant hepatologist', 'San Francisco', 'Robert Stolper', 'Managing Principal', 'Pierre-Antoine Andre', 'Vice President', 'principal investigators', 'specific focus', 'late-breaker presentation', 'conference call', 'mouse model', 'advanced fibrosis', 'commercial partner', '30-minute presentation', 'leading organization', 'treatment options', 'educational conferences', 'training programs', 'professional publications', 'government agencies', 'sister societies', 'rich history', 'study investigators', 'innovative medicine', 'sequential use', 'partner Ipsen', 'accurate detection', 'Tuesday November', 'Saturday November', 'GENFIT', 'AASLD', 'Investors/Analysts', 'elafibranor', 'PBC', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'rare', 'update', 'place', 'USA', 'Acute', '12.30pm', 'participation', 'MD', 'MBA', 'FACP', 'University', 'UCSF', 'IQVIA', 'Sunday', '6.30pm', 'Westminster', 'Participants', 'Germany', 'UK', 'Topics', 'agenda', 'initiatives', 'insights', 'Abstract', 'Monday', '4.45pm', '4.00pm', '10.00am', 'Chief', 'Division', 'Gastroenterology', 'Hepatology', 'presenter', 'Performances', 'BMI', 'spectrum', 'Poster', 'impact', 'evaluation', 'FIB-4', 'enrollment', 'Distinction', 'NIS2-mice', 'adaptation', 'biopsy', 'collaboration', 'Gubra', 'NIS4®', '1:30-2:00', 'scientists', 'millions', 'science', 'practice', 'partnerships', 'pioneer', 'development', 'growing']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32202,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/02/new-york-life-investment-management-llc-sells-464-shares-of-public-storage-nysepsa/,New York Life Investment Management LLC Sells 464 Shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),New York Life Investment Management LLC decreased its stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 1.4% during the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The institutiona…,New York Life Investment Management LLC decreased its stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 1.4% during the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 33 617 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 464 shares during the period. New York Life Investment Management LLC’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $9 812 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.A number of other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Gryphon Financial Partners LLC raised its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 2.3% in the first quarter. Gryphon Financial Partners LLC now owns 1 627 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $492 000 after purchasing an additional 36 shares during the last quarter. Kinneret Advisory LLC lifted its position in Public Storage by 2.3% during the 1st quarter. Kinneret Advisory LLC now owns 1 678 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $655 000 after buying an additional 37 shares in the last quarter. Flputnam Investment Management Co. boosted its stake in shares of Public Storage by 4.6% during the 1st quarter. Flputnam Investment Management Co. now owns 859 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $260 000 after buying an additional 38 shares during the last quarter. Windham Capital Management LLC grew its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 4.6% in the 1st quarter. Windham Capital Management LLC now owns 856 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $259 000 after acquiring an additional 38 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Resources Investment Advisors LLC. boosted its position in Public Storage by 3.7% during the first quarter. Resources Investment Advisors LLC. now owns 1 066 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $322 000 after purchasing an additional 38 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 78.75% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Analyst Ratings ChangesA number of equities analysts recently weighed in on PSA shares. StockNews.com started coverage on shares of Public Storage in a report on Saturday  October 21st. They set a “hold” rating on the stock. Stifel Nicolaus cut their target price on shares of Public Storage from $360.00 to $340.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday  September 13th. The Goldman Sachs Group started coverage on Public Storage in a research note on Wednesday  September 27th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $310.00 price objective on the stock. Wells Fargo & Company assumed coverage on Public Storage in a report on Tuesday  October 24th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $270.00 price target for the company. Finally  Truist Financial reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $305.00 price objective on shares of Public Storage in a research report on Tuesday. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  the company presently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average target price of $299.83.Public Storage Stock PerformanceShares of Public Storage stock traded up $4.50 during trading on Thursday  reaching $247.09. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 57 000 shares  compared to its average volume of 932 011. Public Storage has a 52 week low of $233.18 and a 52 week high of $316.48. The firm has a market cap of $43.45 billion  a PE ratio of 22.23  a P/E/G ratio of 2.89 and a beta of 0.50. The business’s 50-day moving average price is $265.53 and its 200-day moving average price is $280.08. The company has a quick ratio of 1.28  a current ratio of 0.98 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday  October 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $3.20 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.21 by ($1.01). Public Storage had a net margin of 45.46% and a return on equity of 34.76%. The business had revenue of $1.14 billion during the quarter  compared to the consensus estimate of $1.14 billion. During the same period in the prior year  the firm earned $4.13 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.1% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Public Storage will post 16.73 earnings per share for the current year.Public Storage Company Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At June 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 2 888 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 206 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels:SHUR)  which owned 266 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Recommended StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.49,0.5,True,English,"['New York Life Investment Management LLC', 'Public Storage', '464 Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'New York Life Investment Management LLC', '206 million net rentable square feet', 'Flputnam Investment Management Co.', 'Windham Capital Management LLC', 'Resources Investment Advisors LLC', 'real estate investment trust', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'Gryphon Financial Partners LLC', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', '50-day moving average price', '200-day moving average price', 'Public Storage Stock Performance Shares', 'Kinneret Advisory LLC', 'Public Storage Company Profile', 'other hedge funds', 'Analyst Ratings Changes', 'seven Western Euro', 'recent 13F filing', 'average target price', 'analysts’ consensus estimates', '35% common equity interest', 'Three research analysts', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Get Free Report', 'quarterly earnings data', 'net margin', 'Truist Financial', '$270.00 price target', 'average rating', 'average volume', '$310.00 price objective', '$305.00 price objective', 'equities analysts', 'recent quarter', 'research note', 'research report', 'Exchange Commission', 'institutional investor', 'StockNews.com', 'hold” rating', 'Stifel Nicolaus', 'buy” rating', 'Wells Fargo', 'overweight” rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'MarketBeat.com', 'Moderate Buy', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'equity ratio', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', '2nd quarter', 'first quarter', 'last quarter', '1st quarter', 'prior year', 'year basis', 'current year', 'trading volume', 'same period', 'United States', 'additional 36 shares', 'additional 37 shares', 'additional 38 shares', 'NYSE:PSA', 'PSA shares', '16.73 earnings', '40 states', '33,617 shares', '464 shares', '1,627 shares', '1,678 shares', '859 shares', '856 shares', '1,066 shares', '57,000 shares', 'stake', 'Securities', 'holdings', 'end', 'number', 'position', 'coverage', 'Saturday', 'October', 'Wednesday', 'September', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', '52 week', 'firm', 'beta', 'business', 'debt', 'Monday', 'EPS', 'missing', 'return', 'revenue', 'member', 'REIT', 'June', 'interests']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,etfdailynews.com
32203,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/02/2771890/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 01 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6643 £ 23.7424 Estimated MTD return 0.44 % 0.45 % Estimated YTD return -3.98 % -2.80 % Estimated ITD return 166.64 % 137.42 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -9.24 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.45 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.8692 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.9958The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '45']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,globenewswire.com
32204,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-LANSCHOT-KEMPEN-N-V-6308/news/Van-Lanschot-Kempen-third-quarter-trading-update-2023-45218616/,Van Lanschot Kempen: third-quarter trading update 2023 -November 02  2023 at 02:31 am EDT,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  2 November 2023 Third-quarter results in line with first two quarters of 2023Net AuM inflows at Private Clients ytd €2.7 billion  Q3 €0.5 billionNet AuM inflows at Wholesale & Institutional Cli…,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  2 November 2023Third-quarter results in line with first two quarters of 2023Net AuM inflows at Private Clients ytd €2.7 billion  Q3 €0.5 billionNet AuM inflows at Wholesale & Institutional Clients ytd €0.9 billion  Q3 €0.1 billion negativeClient assets: €133.6 billion (end of June 2023: €130.8 billion)  AuM: €117.9 billion (end of June 2023: €115.2 billion)Strong capital ratio of 18.9%  after planned capital return of €2.00 per share (end of June 2023: 21.6%)Jeroen Kroes  Van Lanschot Kempen’s Chief Financial Officer  said: “Following a positive stock market climate in the first six months of 2023  the third quarter saw share prices drop. That said  inflows in assets under management (AuM) at Private Clients in the Netherlands and Belgium continue to remain robust  with current and new clients entrusting us with their wealth  driven in part by innovations in our product offering. Private Clients’ Relationship Net Promoter Score stood at 34 by the end of the third quarter – a great tribute to our private bankers’ personal and entrepreneurial approach. Commission income rose on the back of continued solid net inflows in the first nine months  coupled with the acquisition of Robeco’s online investment platform. The fourth quarter will see us retain our focus on further  scalable growth  while maintaining a capital-light balance sheet.”In the third quarter  Van Lanschot Kempen expanded on its proposition of wealth management with a personal touch  after a successful launch in the second quarter. The proposition provides private banking clients in the Netherlands with a set of core portfolio investments coupled with a selection of specific investments to help them personalise their portfolios as they see fit. In collaboration with Robeco  Van Lanschot Kempen added the Megatrends Fund to its client offering in the third quarter. It also launched its North American Private Equity Fund in October to give clients access to SMEs in North America – a good example of how we make our investment management expertise available to our private clients.As expected  interest income  including interest charges on medium-term notes  was below the second-quarter figure. Savings were up slightly  with demand for term deposits still growing. Van Lanschot Kempen persisted in its strict cost focus in all its segments throughout the third quarter. Despite continuous growth FTE numbers remained stable  adjusting for the addition of new colleagues in the wake of the acquisition of Robeco’s online investment platform. The integration of these activities is proceeding according to plan  as is the merger of Mercier Vanderlinden and Van Lanschot Belgium.Van Lanschot Kempen’s capital position remains very strong with a CET 1 ratio of 18.9% (end of June 2023: 21.6%)  well above Van Lanschot Kempen’s target of 15% plus an add-on of 2.5% for acquisitions. The decrease in the ratio mainly reflects the recognition of the planned capital return of €2.00 per share and the completion of the acquisition of Robeco’s online investment platform.The sale of Van Lanschot Kempen’s stake in Movares in the portfolio of participating interests is expected to generate a book profit of around €23 million in the fourth quarter.FINANCIAL CALENDAREx-date 19 December 2023Record date 20 December 2023Payment date 21 December 2023Publication of 2023 annual results 22 February 2024Media RelationsMaud van GaalT +31 20 354 45 85  mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor RelationsTosca HoltlandT +31 20 354 45 90  investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot Kempen NVVan Lanschot Kempen is an independent  specialist wealth manager active in private banking  investment management and investment banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. Through its long-term focus  it creates positive financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comImportant legal information and cautionary note on forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and targets on future events and developments. These forward-looking statements and targets are based on the current insights  information and assumptions of Van Lanschot Kempen’s management about known and unknown risks  developments and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements and targets do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and are subject to such risks  developments and uncertainties which by their very nature fall outside the control of Van Lanschot Kempen and its management. Actual results  performances and circumstances may differ considerably from these forward-looking statements and targets.Van Lanschot Kempen cautions that forward-looking statements and targets in this press release are only valid on the specific dates on which they are expressed  and accepts no responsibility or obligation to revise or update any information  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.The figures in this press release have not been audited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding. Percentages are calculated based on unrounded figures.This press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.Elements of this press release contain information about Van Lanschot Kempen NV within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No. 596/2014.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.49,0.34,0.17,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'third-quarter trading update', 'November', 'EDT', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Private Clients’ Relationship Net Promoter Score', 'North American Private Equity Fund', 'positive stock market climate', 'independent, specialist wealth manager', 'Van Lanschot Kempen NV', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'solid net inflows', 'Maud van Gaal', 'first two quarters', 'first six months', 'first nine months', 'capital-light balance sheet', 'online investment platform', 'private bankers’ personal', 'Net AuM inflows', 'Van Lanschot Belgium', 'strict cost focus', 'private banking clients', 'Important legal information', 'core portfolio investments', 'investment management expertise', 'Strong capital ratio', 'positive financial', 'Megatrends Fund', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'investment banking', 'personal touch', 'specific investments', 'Institutional Clients', 'new clients', 'capital return', 'capital position', 'Third-quarter results', 'Jeroen Kroes', 'third quarter', 'product offering', 'great tribute', 'entrepreneurial approach', 'Commission income', 'fourth quarter', 'scalable growth', 'successful launch', 'second quarter', 'client offering', 'good example', 'interest income', 'interest charges', 'medium-term notes', 'second-quarter figure', 'term deposits', 'continuous growth', 'FTE numbers', 'new colleagues', 'Mercier Vanderlinden', 'CET 1 ratio', 'participating interests', 'book profit', '2023 annual results', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Tosca Holtland', 'sustainable way', 'long-term focus', 'non-financial value', 'cautionary note', 'forward-looking statements', 'press release', 'future events', 'Actual results', 'wealth management', 'Record date', 'Payment date', 'current insights', 'current facts', 'Client assets', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'unknown risks', 'share prices', 'Hertogenbosch', '2 November', 'Wholesale', 'June', 'innovations', 'back', 'acquisition', 'Robeco', 'proposition', 'selection', 'portfolios', 'collaboration', 'October', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Savings', 'demand', 'segments', 'addition', 'wake', 'integration', 'activities', 'plan', 'merger', 'target', 'decrease', 'recognition', 'completion', 'stake', 'Movares', 'Publication', 'mediarelations', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'investorrelations', 'aim', 'society', 'history', 'developments', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'historical', 'nature', 'control', 'performances', 'circumstances']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32205,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/02/citizens-financial-group-inc-ri-decreases-stake-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Citizens Financial Group Inc. RI Decreases Stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Citizens Financial Group Inc. RI lowered its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 19.8% in the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 12 304 shares of the real estate investment trust’s s…,Citizens Financial Group Inc. RI lowered its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 19.8% in the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 12 304 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 3 039 shares during the quarter. Citizens Financial Group Inc. RI’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $3 591 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in PSA. AMI Investment Management Inc. bought a new position in Public Storage in the 1st quarter worth about $267 000. Blair William & Co. IL boosted its stake in Public Storage by 7.3% in the 1st quarter. Blair William & Co. IL now owns 2 668 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1 041 000 after purchasing an additional 182 shares during the period. Prudential PLC bought a new position in Public Storage in the 1st quarter worth about $1 374 000. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC bought a new position in Public Storage in the 1st quarter worth about $398 000. Finally  Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. boosted its stake in Public Storage by 19.0% in the 1st quarter. Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. now owns 13 506 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $5 271 000 after purchasing an additional 2 156 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 78.75% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Analyst Upgrades and DowngradesPSA has been the subject of several analyst reports. The Goldman Sachs Group initiated coverage on Public Storage in a research note on Wednesday  September 27th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $310.00 target price for the company. Wells Fargo & Company assumed coverage on Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  October 24th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $270.00 target price for the company. Morgan Stanley assumed coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Thursday  September 21st. They set an “equal weight” rating and a $250.00 price target for the company. StockNews.com assumed coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Saturday  October 21st. They set a “hold” rating for the company. Finally  Truist Financial reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $305.00 price target on shares of Public Storage in a research report on Tuesday. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. According to MarketBeat  Public Storage currently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus price target of $299.83.Public Storage Stock PerformanceNYSE:PSA opened at $242.57 on Thursday. The business has a 50 day moving average of $265.53 and a 200 day moving average of $280.08. The company has a market capitalization of $42.65 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.23  a PEG ratio of 2.89 and a beta of 0.50. Public Storage has a 1-year low of $233.18 and a 1-year high of $316.48. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54  a current ratio of 0.98 and a quick ratio of 1.28.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last released its earnings results on Monday  October 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $3.20 earnings per share for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.21 by ($1.01). The firm had revenue of $1.14 billion during the quarter  compared to the consensus estimate of $1.14 billion. Public Storage had a return on equity of 34.76% and a net margin of 45.46%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 5.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year  the firm earned $4.13 EPS. On average  sell-side analysts predict that Public Storage will post 16.73 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.About Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At June 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 2 888 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 206 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels:SHUR)  which owned 266 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Further ReadingReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.46,0.53,True,English,"['Citizens Financial Group Inc.', 'Public Storage', 'RI', 'Stake', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A.', '206 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'Citizens Financial Group Inc. RI', 'AMI Investment Management Inc.', 'seven Western European nations', 'real estate investment trust', 'Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'Several other large investors', 'missing analysts’ consensus estimates', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'other institutional investors', 'Public Storage Stock Performance', 'Three investment analysts', 'concise daily summary', 'several analyst reports', '50 day moving average', '200 day moving average', 'equal weight” rating', 'current fiscal year', '35% common equity interest', 'Get Free Report', 'Public Storage Daily', 'Public Storage alerts', 'consensus price target', 'recent SEC filing', 'net margin', 'S&P 500', 'Truist Financial', 'recent filing', 'Shurgard brand', 'email address', 'average rating', 'Analyst Upgrades', 'current ratio', 'previous year', 'side analysts', '$310.00 target price', '$270.00 target price', '$250.00 price target', '$305.00 price target', 'research report', 'buy” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'Co. IL', 'Prudential PLC', 'Hedge funds', 'research note', 'Wells Fargo', 'Morgan Stanley', 'StockNews.com', 'Moderate Buy', 'market capitalization', 'PEG ratio', '1-year low', '1-year high', 'equity ratio', 'quick ratio', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'related companies', 'new position', '2nd quarter', '1st quarter', 'same quarter', 'earnings ratio', 'earnings results', 'quarterly revenue', 'United States', 'latest news', 'MarketBeat.com', 'October 24th', 'additional 182 shares', 'additional 2,156 shares', 'NYSE:PSA', '16.73 earnings', '40 states', '12,304 shares', '3,039 shares', '2,668 shares', '13,506 shares', 'company', 'holdings', 'stakes', 'Blair', 'William', 'period', 'Downgrades', 'subject', 'coverage', 'Wednesday', 'September', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', 'Saturday', 'business', 'beta', 'debt', 'Monday', 'firm', 'return', 'member', 'REIT', 'June', 'interests', 'Reading', 'Ratings', '34.', '45.46']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,etfdailynews.com
32206,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/02/2771891/0/en/Van-Lanschot-Kempen-third-quarter-trading-update-2023.html,Van Lanschot Kempen: third-quarter trading update 2023,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  2 November 2023    Third-quarter results in line with first two quarters of 2023Net AuM inflows at Private......,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  2 November 2023Third-quarter results in line with first two quarters of 2023Net AuM inflows at Private Clients ytd €2.7 billion  Q3 €0.5 billionNet AuM inflows at Wholesale & Institutional Clients ytd €0.9 billion  Q3 €0.1 billion negativeClient assets: €133.6 billion (end of June 2023: €130.8 billion)  AuM: €117.9 billion (end of June 2023: €115.2 billion)Strong capital ratio of 18.9%  after planned capital return of €2.00 per share (end of June 2023: 21.6%)Jeroen Kroes  Van Lanschot Kempen’s Chief Financial Officer  said: “Following a positive stock market climate in the first six months of 2023  the third quarter saw share prices drop. That said  inflows in assets under management (AuM) at Private Clients in the Netherlands and Belgium continue to remain robust  with current and new clients entrusting us with their wealth  driven in part by innovations in our product offering. Private Clients’ Relationship Net Promoter Score stood at 34 by the end of the third quarter – a great tribute to our private bankers’ personal and entrepreneurial approach. Commission income rose on the back of continued solid net inflows in the first nine months  coupled with the acquisition of Robeco’s online investment platform. The fourth quarter will see us retain our focus on further  scalable growth  while maintaining a capital-light balance sheet.”In the third quarter  Van Lanschot Kempen expanded on its proposition of wealth management with a personal touch  after a successful launch in the second quarter. The proposition provides private banking clients in the Netherlands with a set of core portfolio investments coupled with a selection of specific investments to help them personalise their portfolios as they see fit. In collaboration with Robeco  Van Lanschot Kempen added the Megatrends Fund to its client offering in the third quarter. It also launched its North American Private Equity Fund in October to give clients access to SMEs in North America – a good example of how we make our investment management expertise available to our private clients.As expected  interest income  including interest charges on medium-term notes  was below the second-quarter figure. Savings were up slightly  with demand for term deposits still growing. Van Lanschot Kempen persisted in its strict cost focus in all its segments throughout the third quarter. Despite continuous growth FTE numbers remained stable  adjusting for the addition of new colleagues in the wake of the acquisition of Robeco’s online investment platform. The integration of these activities is proceeding according to plan  as is the merger of Mercier Vanderlinden and Van Lanschot Belgium.Van Lanschot Kempen’s capital position remains very strong with a CET 1 ratio of 18.9% (end of June 2023: 21.6%)  well above Van Lanschot Kempen’s target of 15% plus an add-on of 2.5% for acquisitions. The decrease in the ratio mainly reflects the recognition of the planned capital return of €2.00 per share and the completion of the acquisition of Robeco’s online investment platform.The sale of Van Lanschot Kempen’s stake in Movares in the portfolio of participating interests is expected to generate a book profit of around €23 million in the fourth quarter.FINANCIAL CALENDAREx-date 19 December 2023Record date 20 December 2023Payment date 21 December 2023Publication of 2023 annual results 22 February 2024Media RelationsMaud van GaalT +31 20 354 45 85  mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor RelationsTosca HoltlandT +31 20 354 45 90  investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot Kempen NVVan Lanschot Kempen is an independent  specialist wealth manager active in private banking  investment management and investment banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. Through its long-term focus  it creates positive financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comImportant legal information and cautionary note on forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and targets on future events and developments. These forward-looking statements and targets are based on the current insights  information and assumptions of Van Lanschot Kempen’s management about known and unknown risks  developments and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements and targets do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and are subject to such risks  developments and uncertainties which by their very nature fall outside the control of Van Lanschot Kempen and its management. Actual results  performances and circumstances may differ considerably from these forward-looking statements and targets.Van Lanschot Kempen cautions that forward-looking statements and targets in this press release are only valid on the specific dates on which they are expressed  and accepts no responsibility or obligation to revise or update any information  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.The figures in this press release have not been audited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding. Percentages are calculated based on unrounded figures.This press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.Elements of this press release contain information about Van Lanschot Kempen NV within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No. 596/2014.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.34,0.17,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'third-quarter trading update', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Private Clients’ Relationship Net Promoter Score', 'North American Private Equity Fund', 'positive stock market climate', 'independent, specialist wealth manager', 'Van Lanschot Kempen NV', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'solid net inflows', 'Maud van Gaal', 'first two quarters', 'first six months', 'first nine months', 'capital-light balance sheet', 'online investment platform', 'private bankers’ personal', 'Net AuM inflows', 'Van Lanschot Belgium', 'strict cost focus', 'private banking clients', 'Important legal information', 'core portfolio investments', 'investment management expertise', 'Strong capital ratio', 'positive financial', 'Megatrends Fund', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'investment banking', 'personal touch', 'specific investments', 'Institutional Clients', 'new clients', 'capital return', 'capital position', 'Third-quarter results', 'Jeroen Kroes', 'third quarter', 'product offering', 'great tribute', 'entrepreneurial approach', 'Commission income', 'fourth quarter', 'scalable growth', 'successful launch', 'second quarter', 'client offering', 'good example', 'interest income', 'interest charges', 'medium-term notes', 'second-quarter figure', 'term deposits', 'continuous growth', 'FTE numbers', 'new colleagues', 'Mercier Vanderlinden', 'CET 1 ratio', 'participating interests', 'book profit', '2023 annual results', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Tosca Holtland', 'sustainable way', 'long-term focus', 'non-financial value', 'cautionary note', 'forward-looking statements', 'press release', 'future events', 'Actual results', 'wealth management', 'Record date', 'Payment date', 'current insights', 'current facts', 'Client assets', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'unknown risks', 'share prices', 'Hertogenbosch', '2 November', 'Wholesale', 'June', 'innovations', 'back', 'acquisition', 'Robeco', 'proposition', 'selection', 'portfolios', 'collaboration', 'October', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Savings', 'demand', 'segments', 'addition', 'wake', 'integration', 'activities', 'plan', 'merger', 'target', 'decrease', 'recognition', 'completion', 'stake', 'Movares', 'Publication', 'mediarelations', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'investorrelations', 'aim', 'society', 'history', 'developments', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'historical', 'nature', 'control', 'performances', 'circumstances']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,globenewswire.com
32207,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-45218625/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -November 02  2023 at 02:31 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 01 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6643 £ 23.7424 Estimated MTD return 0.44 % 0.45 % Estimated YTD return -3.98 % -2.80 % Estimated ITD return 166.64 % 137.42 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -9.24 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.45 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.8692 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.9958The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['NAV(s', 'BGHL', 'GBP', 'November', '02', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '45']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32208,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAUNA-KEA-TECHNOLOGIES-8296092/news/Mauna-Kea-Technologies-Inside-Information-Other-news-releases-45219942/,Mauna Kea Technologies : Inside Information / Other news releases -November 02  2023 at 04:14 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   Mauna Kea Technologies Announces First Patient Enrolled in the   Pivotal CLEVER Clinical Trial in Peripheral Lung Cancer   Ongoing enrollment of over 200 patients across 7 sites in Europe and the U.S.   Paris and Boston  Nove…,"Mauna Kea Technologies Announces First Patient Enrolled in thePivotal CLEVER Clinical Trial in Peripheral Lung CancerOngoing enrollment of over 200 patients across 7 sites in Europe and the U.S.Paris and Boston  November 2  2023 - 08:00 a.m. CET - Mauna Kea Technologies (Euronext Growth: ALMKT)  inventor of Cellvizio®  the multidisciplinary probe and needle-basedconfocal laser endomicroscopy (p/nCLE) platform  today announces the first patient enrollment in the multi- center randomized controlled trial (RCT) entitled ""Confocal Laser Endomicroscopy VERification"" (CLEVER  NCT06079970)1 in collaboration with the Amsterdam University Medical Centers (UMC) for the diagnosis and management of peripheral lung lesions. In the framework of this trial  over 200 patients will be enrolled across 7 sites in Europe and the U.S. until end of Q2 2025.Lung cancer is the world's leading cause of cancer deaths claiming over 1.8 million lives every year - more than colorectal  breast  and prostate cancers combined. The rise in lung cancer screening and the increased use of chest-computed tomography (CT) has generated a surge in the detection of suspected malignant lung lesions globally  increasing the need for more effective and efficient diagnostic methods. Over 80% of these incidental lesions develop in the peripheral bronchi and are not easily visualized or accessed during conventional bronchoscopy. Adding nCLE as an adjunctive technique offers a potential solution by providing real-time feedback on the correct positioning of biopsy tweezers or needles (tool-in-lesion) and collecting the right cells samples (lesion-in-tool).Jouke T. Annema  M.D.  Ph.D.  Professor of Pulmonary Endoscopy  declared: ""Over the past few years  we have established solid foundations for the use of nCLE as an important tool in the armamentarium of the interventional pulmonologist. With this new randomized controlled trial involving some of the best interventional pulmonologists in Europe and in the U.S.  we aim at confirming in a definitive way that the addition of needle-basedConfocal Laser Endomicroscopy to bronchoscopy enhances the diagnostic yield for peripheral lung lesions  while also improving the clinical workflow.""Sacha Loiseau  Ph.D.  Chairman and CEO of Mauna Kea Technologies  commented: ""Diagnosing peripheral pulmonary nodules is a critical step in effectively treating lung cancer patients  but current tools often don't measure up. This collaboration with Amsterdam UMC is another exciting opportunity to evaluate and quantify Cellvizio's superior diagnostic capabilities. As we push forward with this study  our aim is not only to underscore Cellvizio's advantages but also to increase our value proposition for potential strategic partnerships.""1https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT06079970 ""Confocal Laser Endomicroscopy VERification (CLEVER)""  October 12  20231",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.24,0.42,0.33,True,English,"['Mauna Kea Technologies', 'Other news releases', 'Inside Information', 'November', 'multi- center randomized controlled trial', 'new randomized controlled trial', 'Confocal Laser Endomicroscopy VERification', 'Amsterdam University Medical Centers', 'Pivotal CLEVER Clinical Trial', 'needle-basedconfocal laser endomicroscopy', 'Mauna Kea Technologies', 'right cells samples', 'Jouke T. Annema', 'efficient diagnostic methods', 'superior diagnostic capabilities', 'malignant lung lesions', 'best interventional pulmonologists', 'potential strategic partnerships', 'lung cancer screening', 'peripheral lung lesions', 'peripheral pulmonary nodules', 'Peripheral Lung Cancer', 'first patient enrollment', 'lung cancer patients', 'clinical workflow', 'peripheral bronchi', 'incidental lesions', 'diagnostic yield', 'cancer deaths', 'Ongoing enrollment', 'potential solution', 'Pulmonary Endoscopy', 'Amsterdam UMC', 'U.S.', 'Euronext Growth', 'multidisciplinary probe', 'leading cause', '1.8 million lives', 'colorectal, breast', 'prostate cancers', 'chest-computed tomography', 'adjunctive technique', 'real-time feedback', 'correct positioning', 'biopsy tweezers', 'M.D.', 'Ph.D.', 'solid foundations', 'definitive way', 'Sacha Loiseau', 'critical step', 'current tools', 'exciting opportunity', 'value proposition', 'conventional bronchoscopy', 'important tool', '200 patients', '7 sites', 'Europe', 'Paris', 'Boston', 'CET', 'ALMKT', 'inventor', 'Cellvizio®', 'nCLE', 'platform', 'RCT', 'collaboration', 'diagnosis', 'management', 'framework', 'Q2', 'world', 'rise', 'increased', 'surge', 'detection', 'effective', 'needles', 'Professor', 'past', 'years', 'armamentarium', 'addition', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'study', 'aim', 'advantages', 'clinicaltrials', 'October', '08:00']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32209,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/02/2771892/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 01 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6643 £ 23.7424 Estimated MTD return 0.44 % 0.45 % Estimated YTD return -3.98 % -2.80 % Estimated ITD return 166.64 % 137.42 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -9.24 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.45 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.8692 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.9958The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '45']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,globenewswire.com
32210,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-45218624/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -November 02  2023 at 02:31 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 01 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6643 £ 23.7424 Estimated MTD return 0.44 % 0.45 % Estimated YTD return -3.98 % -2.80 % Estimated ITD return 166.64 % 137.42 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -9.24 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.45 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.8692 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.9958The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['NAV(s', 'BGHL', 'EUR', 'November', '02', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '45']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32211,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ULTIMOVACS-ASA-59297686/news/Ultimovacs-Announces-Completion-of-Patient-Enrollment-in-Supplementary-Study-to-INITIUM-UV1-Phase-I-45218296/,Ultimovacs Announces Completion of Patient Enrollment in Supplementary Study to INITIUM  UV1 Phase II Trial in Malignant Melanoma,(marketscreener.com)   The supplementary study to INITIUM is designed to provide in-depth data on the biological activity and mode of action of the vaccine-induced T cells  to support the next stages of development Enrollment of 21 patients with unresectable …,"The supplementary study to INITIUM is designed to provide in-depth data on the biological activity and mode of action of the vaccine-induced T cells  to support the next stages of developmentEnrollment of 21 patients with unresectable or metastatic malignant melanoma completedAll patients received UV1 vaccination as an add-on to the checkpoint inhibitors ipilimumab and nivolumabOslo  November 2  2023: Ultimovacs ASA (""Ultimovacs"") (OSE ULTI)  a clinical-stage biotechnology leader in novel immunotherapeutic cancer vaccines  today announced the completed recruitment of 21 patients in the exploratory single-arm study complementing the INITIUM trial. INITIUM ( NCT04382664 ) is Ultimovacs’ randomized Phase II trial investigating its universal cancer vaccine UV1 in combination with the checkpoint inhibitors ipilimumab and nivolumab in the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic malignant melanoma.The supplementary study was designed to elucidate and describe the mechanisms leading to improved clinical effects in patients treated with UV1 vaccination. The study will provide in-depth data on the biological activity and mode of action of the T cells induced by the UV1 vaccination on top of ipilimumab and nivolumab.The results from the research will help identify patients with vaccine-specific immune responses and evaluate the vaccine’s impact on broadening the overall immune response. The data will also help assess the vaccine’s effectiveness in enhancing responsiveness to checkpoint inhibitors in otherwise resistant patients. Analyses from the supplementary study will be performed in parallel with the analyses from the randomized INITIUM study. The results from the supplementary study will not be included in the topline results from the INITIUM study.“The insights from this supplementary study will enhance our comprehension of vaccine-specific induced immune responses in patients with malignant melanoma. As we prepare for the next stage of UV1 clinical development  these supplementary data will support us in designing late-stage clinical trial programs ” said Jens Bjørheim  Chief Medical Officer of Ultimovacs.==ENDS==About INITIUMINITIUM is an Ultimovacs-sponsored randomized  comparative  multicenter Phase II trial in which the universal cancer vaccine UV1 will be evaluated in combination with the checkpoint inhibitors ipilimumab and nivolumab for first-line treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic malignant melanoma. The first patient received treatment in the INITIUM trial in June 2020  and the last patient was enrolled in July 2022. The study is being conducted at 39 hospitals across the U.S.  U.K.  Belgium  and Norway. The initial study design called for enrollment of 154 patients. Two additional patients were enrolled bringing the total number of patients in the study to 156.The patients in the INITIUM study are taking longer than anticipated to experience cancer progression. The current slow pace of event development has justified an amendment of the study protocol approved by the regulatory authorities. Analysis of the INITIUM data will be initiated in mid-January 2024 to enable readout based on a minimum of 18-month follow-up of all evaluable patients and a mean follow-up time of 24 months. The protocol amendment will have minor consequences for the study's statistical integrity.About UltimovacsUltimovacs is a clinical-stage biotechnology leader in novel immunotherapeutic cancer vaccines with broad applicability. Ultimovacs’ lead cancer vaccine candidate UV1 is directed against human telomerase (hTERT)  an antigen present in 85-90% of cancers in all stages of tumor growth. A broad clinical program  with Phase II trials in five cancer indications enrolling more than 670 patients  aims to demonstrate UV1’s impact in combination with other immunotherapies in multiple cancer types expressing telomerase and where patients have unmet medical needs. UV1 is universal  off-the-shelf and easy to use  and is a patented technology owned by Ultimovacs.In addition  Ultimovacs’ adjuvant platform  based on the proprietary Tetanus-Epitope-Targeting (TET) technology  combines tumor-specific antigens and adjuvant in the same molecule and is in Phase I clinical development.The Company is listed on the Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange (ULTI.OL).About the UV1 Phase II programThe immunotherapeutic cancer vaccine UV1 is investigated in combination with checkpoint inhibitors in patients with various cancer indications with diverse tumor biology. The diversity of the UV1 Phase II program places Ultimovacs in a favorable position to capture the cancer vaccine’s potential broad applicability when combined with checkpoint inhibitors:INITIUM : Evaluating UV1 in combination with ipilimumab and nivolumab as first-line treatment for patients with unresectable or metastatic malignant melanoma. Enrollment of 156 patients completed in July 2022. Expected readout H1 2024. Sponsored by Ultimovacs.: Evaluating UV1 in combination with ipilimumab and nivolumab as first-line treatment for patients with unresectable or metastatic malignant melanoma. Enrollment of 156 patients completed in July 2022. Expected readout H1 2024. Sponsored by Ultimovacs. NIPU : Evaluating UV1 in combination with ipilimumab and nivolumab as second-line treatment for patients with malignant pleural mesothelioma. Enrollment of 118 patients completed in January 2023. Data presented at the ESMO Congress in October 2023  showed that UV1 as an add-on to ipilimumab and nivolumab  demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in overall survival versus ipilimumab and nivolumab alone. 31% of the patients receiving the UV1 vaccine experienced an objective response  compared to 16% in the control arm. The investigator-initiated study is led by Oslo University Hospital and supported by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Ultimovacs.: Evaluating UV1 in combination with ipilimumab and nivolumab as second-line treatment for patients with malignant pleural mesothelioma. Enrollment of 118 patients completed in January 2023. Data presented at the ESMO Congress in October 2023  showed that UV1 as an add-on to ipilimumab and nivolumab  demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in overall survival versus ipilimumab and nivolumab alone. 31% of the patients receiving the UV1 vaccine experienced an objective response  compared to 16% in the control arm. The investigator-initiated study is led by Oslo University Hospital and supported by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Ultimovacs. FOCUS : Evaluating UV1 in combination with pembrolizumab as first-line treatment for patients with head and neck cancer. Enrollment of 75 patients completed in August 2023  expected readout H2 2024. The investigator-initiated study is led by Halle University in Germany  supported by Ultimovacs.: Evaluating UV1 in combination with pembrolizumab as first-line treatment for patients with head and neck cancer. Enrollment of 75 patients completed in August 2023  expected readout H2 2024. The investigator-initiated study is led by Halle University in Germany  supported by Ultimovacs. DOVACC : Evaluating UV1 in combination with olaparib and durvalumab as maintenance therapy in non-BRCA mutated patients with advanced ovarian cancer. >20% of 184 patients enrolled as of Q2 2023 reporting  expected readout H2 2024. The investigator-initiated study is led by NSGO-CTU and supported by ENGOT  AstraZeneca  and Ultimovacs.: Evaluating UV1 in combination with olaparib and durvalumab as maintenance therapy in non-BRCA mutated patients with advanced ovarian cancer. >20% of 184 patients enrolled as of Q2 2023 reporting  expected readout H2 2024. The investigator-initiated study is led by NSGO-CTU and supported by ENGOT  AstraZeneca  and Ultimovacs. LUNGVAC: Evaluating UV1 combined with cemiplimab as first-line treatment of non-small cell lung cancer patients. <10% of 138 patients enrolled as of Q2 2023 reporting  expected readout H2 2025. The investigator-initiated study is led by Vestre Viken (Drammen Hospital) and supported by Ultimovacs.About UV1UV1 is a universal cancer vaccine designed to induce a specific T-cell response against telomerase. UV1 consists of long  synthetic peptides representing a sequence in the reverse transcriptase subunit of telomerase (hTERT)  shown to induce CD4+ T-cells. These CD4+ T-cells have the potential to provide inflammatory signals  and T-cell support is believed to be critical for triggering a strong anti-tumor immune response. Following intradermal injection  antigen-presenting cells (APCs) in the skin are exposed to the vaccine peptides. These APCs will process the peptides and present vaccine epitopes on Human Leukocyte Antigen (HLA) molecules to naïve T-cells in the lymph nodes. Activated vaccine-specific T-cells will then enter the circulation and search for cells displaying their cognate antigen in the context of HLA molecules.The UV1 peptides contain several epitopes  shown to be non-restrictive in terms of (HLA) alleles for presentation. It is  therefore not required to perform HLA pre-screening of patients  which potentially enables broad population utilization of the vaccine. UV1 is administered over three months as eight intradermal injections together with the immune-modulator GM-CSF.For further information  please see www.ultimovacs.com or contact:Carlos de Sousa  CEOEmail: carlos.desousa@ultimovacs.comPhone: +47 908 92 507Anne Worsøe  Head of IREmail: anne.worsoe@ultimovacs.comPhone: +47 906 86 815This information is considered to be inside information pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation and is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. This stock exchange announcement was published by Anne Worsøe  Head of IR at Ultimovacs ASA  on November 2  2023  at 07:00 CET.",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.27,0.43,0.31,True,English,"['UV1 Phase II Trial', 'Patient Enrollment', 'Supplementary Study', 'Malignant Melanoma', 'Ultimovacs', 'Completion', 'INITIUM', 'Ultimovacs-sponsored randomized, comparative, multicenter Phase II trial', 'Ultimovacs’ randomized Phase II trial', 'lead cancer vaccine candidate UV1', 'UV1 Phase II program', 'novel immunotherapeutic cancer vaccines', 'late-stage clinical trial programs', 'proprietary Tetanus-Epitope-Targeting (TET) technology', 'Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange', 'vaccine-specific induced immune responses', 'Phase I clinical development', 'universal cancer vaccine UV1', 'immunotherapeutic cancer vaccine UV1', 'Phase II trials', 'vaccine-specific immune responses', 'broad clinical program', 'five cancer indications', 'multiple cancer types', 'various cancer indications', 'overall immune response', 'clinical-stage biotechnology leader', 'Jens Bjørheim', 'current slow pace', 'metastatic malignant melanoma', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'mean follow-up time', 'diverse tumor biology', 'UV1 clinical development', 'potential broad applicability', 'vaccine-induced T cells', 'exploratory single-arm study', 'initial study design', 'Two additional patients', 'Ultimovacs’ adjuvant platform', 'INITIUM trial', 'cancer progression', 'clinical effects', 'UV1 vaccination', 'event development', '18-month follow-up', 'tumor growth', 'medical needs', 'biological activity', 'checkpoint inhibitors', 'next stage', 'first patient', 'last patient', 'U.S.', 'U.K.', 'total number', 'regulatory authorities', 'minor consequences', 'statistical integrity', 'other immunotherapies', 'tumor-specific antigens', 'same molecule', 'The Company', 'favorable position', 'supplementary study', 'study protocol', 'depth data', 'supplementary data', 'Ultimovacs ASA', 'first-line treatment', 'OSE ULTI', 'protocol amendment', 'human telomerase', 'INITIUM study', 'INITIUM data', 'topline results', 'resistant patients', 'evaluable patients', 'stages', '21 patients', '154 patients', '670 patients', '156 patients', 'mode', 'action', 'Enrollment', 'unresectable', 'ipilimumab', 'nivolumab', 'completed', 'recruitment', 'NCT04382664', 'combination', 'mechanisms', 'research', 'impact', 'effectiveness', 'responsiveness', 'Analyses', 'parallel', 'insights', 'comprehension', 'ENDS', 'June', 'July', '39 hospitals', 'Belgium', 'Norway', 'Analysis', 'mid-January', 'readout', 'minimum', '24 months', 'hTERT', 'cancers', 'unmet', 'shelf', 'patented', 'diversity']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32212,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LHYFE-137697440/news/Lhyfe-New-partnership-to-develop-large-scale-integrated-renewable-energy-system-on-land-45218689/,Lhyfe : New partnership to develop large-scale integrated renewable energy system on Åland -November 02  2023 at 02:35 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)  Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners  Flexens  and Lhyfe have formed a partnership for the development and construction of an ambitious integrated energy island solution enabling large-scale offshore wind  green hydrogen production  and …,"Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners  Flexens  and Lhyfe have formed a partnership for the development and construction of an ambitious integrated energy island solution enabling large-scale offshore wind  green hydrogen production  and other local anchored value creating activities on Åland.Copenhagen (Denmark)  Nantes (France) and Helsinki (Finland)  November 2  2023.CIP  through Copenhagen Energy Islands  Lhyfe and Flexens jointly launch the Åland Energy Island project. This project will integrate large-scale offshore wind generation and hydrogen production. The ambition is to develop large scale hydrogen production on Åland integrated with gigawatt scale offshore wind in Åland waters for use both on Åland and in the wider European region  thereby supporting Åland's and EU objectives for energy security and de-carbonisation.Integrating offshore wind and green hydrogen production will provide Åland with a route to market for the untapped wind resources around Åland placing Åland as a key player in the green transition for the wider region. The exact configuration of the Åland Energy Island project will be developed in close coordination with the local government and other local stakeholders to maximize the benefits for Åland. CIP  Lhyfe and Flexens welcome the opportunity to discuss offshore wind and hydrogen development on Åland with all relevant stakeholders.The consortium offers an attractive set of complementary skills and expertise that will enable the offshore wind development and benefit the broader society on Åland.CIP is the world's largest dedicated fund manager within greenfield renewable energy investments and a global leader in offshore wind  green hydrogen  and energy islands.Lhyfe brings leading expertise and capabilities in developing  designing  and operating onshore and offshore hydrogen facilities in Europe with one operating plant in France and seven plants currently under construction in Sweden  France and Germany. Lhyfe is operating the world's first offshore hydrogen production plant (Sealhyfe) powered by a floating wind turbine.Flexens is a strong regional developer of hydrogen projects  and being from Åland  thereby bringing local knowledge on hydrogen and infrastructure development on Åland and how the local integration gives benefit to the local energy system.With Flexens as partner  the consortium is well-positioned to develop a project that considers and integrates with the local needs of Åland. In line with the Government's ambitions and Sunnanvind project  the consortium will create substantial value for Åland with respect to both social and economic gains by securing local involvement and employment in the project and adjacent activities. Moreover  the Åland Energy Island project will contribute to Åland's ambitions of becoming a society based entirely on green energy while considering the preservation of the islands' onshore and marine environment.“The development of the Åland Energy Island project will provide a value increasing route to market for the regional offshore wind supporting the ambitions of Åland regarding local value and job creation as well as supporting the energy transition and energy independence of the wider region. The strong complementary capabilities represented by the consortium partners enable the Åland Energy Island integrating offshore wind and hydrogen facilities to be structured and developed with the environmental  economic  and social interests of Åland in mind.” says Thomas Dalsgaard  partner at CIP.“This partnership with CIP is a great recognition of Lhyfe's ability to develop large-scale onshore and offshore projects in the Nordic countries: it takes us to the next level. This project demonstrates how hydrogen can fit into a vast integrated renewable energy system with its capacity to store and transform renewable electricity. It'll be a great role model for all Europe.” says Taia Kronborg  Chief Business Officer at Lhyfe.“Flexens was founded around the test and demonstration project ”Smart Energy Åland” and has in that process developed an in depth understanding of both the Åland society and its energy system. We see an unprecedented opportunity to create and expand renewable energy related activities on Åland into a skills and knowledge based hub for the offshore based energy future in the whole Baltic Sea region.” says Berndt Schalin from Flexens.About LhyfeLhyfe is a European group devoted to energy transition  and a producer and supplier of green and renewable hydrogen. Its production sites and portfolio of projects intend to provide access to green and renewable hydrogen in industrial quantities and enable the creation of a virtuous energy model capable of decarbonising entire sectors of industry and transport.In 2021  Lhyfe inaugurated the first industrial-scale green hydrogen production plant in the world to be interconnected with a wind farm. In 2022  Lhyfe inaugurated the first offshore green hydrogen production pilot platform in the world.Lhyfe is represented in 12 European countries and had 192 staff at the end of June 2023. The company is listed on the Euronext market in Paris (ISIN: FR0014009YQ1 – LHYFE).For more information  visit www.lhyfe.comAbout Copenhagen Infrastructure PartnersFounded in 2012  Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners (CIP) today is the world's largest dedicated fund manager within greenfield renewable energy investments and a global leader in offshore wind. The funds managed by CIP focuses on investments in offshore and onshore wind  solar PV  biomass and energy-from-waste  transmission and distribution  reserve capacity  storage  advanced bioenergy  and Power-to-X.CIP manages eleven funds and has to date raised approximately EUR 25 billion for investments in energy and associated infrastructure from more than 150 international institutional investors. CIP has approximately 400 employees and 12 offices around the world.For more information  visit www.cip.comAbout FlexensFlexens was originally created in 2018 as the result of an extensive research program and the cooperation of leading energy sector stakeholders in Northern Europe. The mission is to become a market-leading company in this rapidly growing renewable energy sector  capitalizing on the skills and capabilities created in building the world-leading RES testbed and demo  Smart Energy Åland.Today  Flexens employs 21 skilled professionals and has obtained the core competencies required for fulfilling its mission. This mission aims to create  develop  and implement scalable  integrated  affordable  and self-sustained energy systems through power-to-X projects  all based on a 100% renewable energy mix. In March 2023  Lhyfe announced the acquisition of a 49% stake in Flexens  becoming the company's largest shareholder.For more information  visit www.flexens.comContacts:LhyfeIndustry Press RelationsNouvelles GrainesClémence Rebours+33 (0)6 60 57 76 43c.rebours@nouvelles-graines.com Financial Press RelationsActusManon Clairet+33 (0)1 53 67 36 73mclairet@actus.fr Investor RelationsLhyfeYoann Nguyeninvestors@lhyfe.comCIPPress: media@cip.comÅland Energy Island ProjectThomas Dalsgaard  Partner+45 5364 1999tda@cip.com Investor RelationsThomas Kønig  Partner+45 7070 5151tkon@cip.comFlexensInvestor RelationsBerndt Schalin  CEO+358 (0) 408429469berndt.schalin@flexens.com Media RelationsJuha Uppa  Marketing and Communications Manager+358 (0) 451189585juha.uppa@flexens.com Media Relations - ÅlandJonas HolmströmCitizen Engagement Officer+358 (0) 405597224jonas.holmstrom@flexens.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xZ1xZ8iZYWubl26eZMmYbGVlZ5mSmpbHmJeemWFtYpyUmJ+VlZmTbpadZnFjm21t- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  salesÃ¢Â€Â¦) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82687-021123_cp-lhyfe-_cip_uk-final.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['large-scale integrated renewable energy system', 'New partnership', 'Lhyfe', 'Åland', 'November', 'first offshore green hydrogen production pilot platform', 'first industrial-scale green hydrogen production plant', 'ambitious integrated energy island solution', 'first offshore hydrogen production plant', 'vast integrated renewable energy system', 'largest dedicated fund manager', 'large scale hydrogen production', 'greenfield renewable energy investments', 'gigawatt scale offshore wind', 'offshore based energy future', 'large-scale offshore wind generation', 'other local anchored value', 'renewable energy related activities', 'Åland Energy Island project', 'one operating plant', 'virtuous energy model', 'regional offshore wind', 'strong regional developer', 'Chief Business Officer', 'knowledge based hub', 'local energy system', 'untapped wind resources', 'floating wind turbine', 'offshore hydrogen facilities', 'great role model', 'Baltic Sea region', 'other local stakeholders', 'Smart Energy Åland', 'offshore wind development', 'value increasing route', 'Copenhagen Energy Islands', 'strong complementary capabilities', 'Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners', 'wider European region', 'green energy', 'renewable hydrogen', 'production sites', 'local value', 'energy security', 'energy transition', 'energy independence', 'renewable electricity', 'green transition', 'offshore projects', 'local knowledge', 'wider region', 'substantial value', 'wind farm', 'hydrogen development', 'hydrogen projects', 'relevant stakeholders', 'great recognition', 'local integration', 'local needs', 'local involvement', 'Sunnanvind project', 'demonstration project', 'adjacent activities', 'European group', '12 European countries', 'large-scale onshore', 'infrastructure development', 'EU objectives', 'key player', 'exact configuration', 'close coordination', 'attractive set', 'complementary skills', 'global leader', 'seven plants', 'economic gains', 'marine environment', 'Thomas Dalsgaard', 'Nordic countries', 'next level', 'Taia Kronborg', 'depth understanding', 'Berndt Schalin', 'industrial quantities', 'entire sectors', 'local government', 'consortium partners', 'Åland waters', 'broader society', 'leading expertise', 'job creation', 'social interests', 'unprecedented opportunity', 'Åland society', 'With Flexens', 'Lhyfe', 'partnership', 'construction', 'Denmark', 'Nantes', 'France', 'Helsinki', 'Finland', 'November', 'CIP', 'ambition', 'use', 'de-carbonisation', 'benefits', 'world', 'Sweden', 'Germany', 'line', 'respect', 'employment', 'preservation', 'market', 'mind', 'ability', 'capacity', 'test', 'process', 'producer', 'supplier', 'portfolio', 'access', 'industry', 'transport', '192 staff', 'June']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32213,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/02/2771881/0/en/ING-announces-share-buyback-programme-of-up-to-2-5-billion.html,ING announces share buyback programme of up to €2.5 billion,ING announces share buyback programme of up to €2.5 billion  ING announced today a share buyback programme under which it plans to repurchase ordinary......,ING announces share buyback programme of up to €2.5 billionING announced today a share buyback programme under which it plans to repurchase ordinary shares of ING Groep N.V.  for a maximum total amount of €2.5 billion. The programme is a next step in converging our CET1 ratio towards our target of around 12.5%  as announced during our Investor Update in June 2022.ING Group’s CET1 ratio was 15.2% at the end of the third quarter of 2023  which is well above the prevailing CET1 ratio requirement of 10.98%. The share buyback programme will have an impact of approximately 78 bps on our CET1 ratio. The programme will commence on 3 November 2023 and is expected to end no later than 19 April 2024.The ECB has approved the programme  which will be executed in compliance with the Market Abuse Regulation and within the limitations of the existing authority to acquire a maximum of 10% of the issued shares as granted by the general meeting of shareholders on 24 April 2023. ING has entered into a non-discretionary arrangement with a financial intermediary to conduct the buyback.ING will provide weekly updates on the progress of the programme via a press release and on the Investor Relations section of the ING website: https://www.ing.com/Investor-relations/Share-information/Share-buyback-programme.htm.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr. ING presentations are available at SlideShare.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.Important legal informationElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014.ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2022 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) ongoing and residual eﬀects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates (3) changes affecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (16) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (17) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (18) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (19) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (20) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (21) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (22) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (23) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (24) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (25) changes in credit ratings (26) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting (27) inability to attract and retain key personnel (28) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (29) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (30) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (31) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.03,0.4,0.58,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'ING', 'Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations', '2022 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'related international response measures', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'operating company ING Bank', 'ING Bank N.V.', 'prevailing CET1 ratio requirement', 'Investor Relations section', 'related response measures', 'currency exchange rates', 'related market disruption', 'same accounting principles', 'residual eﬀects', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global financial institution', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Frequent news updates', 'strong European base', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'major market participant', 'maximum total amount', 'wholesale banking services', 'ING Group shares', 'global economic impact', 'Important legal information', 'other forward-looking statements', 'share buyback programme', 'general economic conditions', 'Investor Update', 'Investor enquiries', 'financial intermediary', 'financial markets', 'general meeting', 'weekly updates', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'EU Regulation', 'European Union', 'financial information', 'ordinary shares', 'ING website', 'ING operations', 'ING presentations', 'ING PROFILE', 'ING US', 'next step', 'third quarter', 'The ECB', 'existing authority', 'discretionary arrangement', 'press release', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'target', 'June', 'end', '3 November', '19 April', 'compliance', 'limitations', 'shareholders', '24 April', 'progress', 'Investor-relations', 'Share-information', 'buyback-programme', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'SlideShare', 'purpose', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'Euronext', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'number', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'ongoing', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', '78']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,globenewswire.com
32214,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ING-GROEP-N-V-56358303/news/ING-announces-share-buyback-programme-of-up-to-2-5-billion-45218479/,ING announces share buyback programme of up to 2.5 billion,(marketscreener.com) ING announces share buyback programme of up to €2.5 billion ING announced today a share buyback programme under which it plans to repurchase ordinary shares of ING Groep N.V.  for a maximum total amount of €2.5 billion. The programme is a…,ING announces share buyback programme of up to €2.5 billionING announced today a share buyback programme under which it plans to repurchase ordinary shares of ING Groep N.V.  for a maximum total amount of €2.5 billion. The programme is a next step in converging our CET1 ratio towards our target of around 12.5%  as announced during our Investor Update in June 2022.ING Group’s CET1 ratio was 15.2% at the end of the third quarter of 2023  which is well above the prevailing CET1 ratio requirement of 10.98%. The share buyback programme will have an impact of approximately 78 bps on our CET1 ratio. The programme will commence on 3 November 2023 and is expected to end no later than 19 April 2024.The ECB has approved the programme  which will be executed in compliance with the Market Abuse Regulation and within the limitations of the existing authority to acquire a maximum of 10% of the issued shares as granted by the general meeting of shareholders on 24 April 2023. ING has entered into a non-discretionary arrangement with a financial intermediary to conduct the buyback.ING will provide weekly updates on the progress of the programme via a press release and on the Investor Relations section of the ING website: https://www.ing.com/Investor-relations/Share-information/Share-buyback-programme.htm.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr. ING presentations are available at SlideShare.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.Important legal informationElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014.ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2022 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) ongoing and residual eﬀects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates (3) changes affecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (16) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (17) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (18) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (19) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (20) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (21) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (22) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (23) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (24) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (25) changes in credit ratings (26) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting (27) inability to attract and retain key personnel (28) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (29) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (30) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (31) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.03,0.4,0.58,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'ING', 'Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations', '2022 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'related international response measures', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'operating company ING Bank', 'ING Bank N.V.', 'prevailing CET1 ratio requirement', 'Investor Relations section', 'related response measures', 'currency exchange rates', 'related market disruption', 'same accounting principles', 'residual eﬀects', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global financial institution', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Frequent news updates', 'strong European base', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'major market participant', 'maximum total amount', 'wholesale banking services', 'ING Group shares', 'global economic impact', 'Important legal information', 'other forward-looking statements', 'share buyback programme', 'general economic conditions', 'Investor Update', 'Investor enquiries', 'financial intermediary', 'financial markets', 'general meeting', 'weekly updates', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'EU Regulation', 'European Union', 'financial information', 'ordinary shares', 'ING website', 'ING operations', 'ING presentations', 'ING PROFILE', 'ING US', 'next step', 'third quarter', 'The ECB', 'existing authority', 'discretionary arrangement', 'press release', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'target', 'June', 'end', '3 November', '19 April', 'compliance', 'limitations', 'shareholders', '24 April', 'progress', 'Investor-relations', 'Share-information', 'buyback-programme', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'SlideShare', 'purpose', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'Euronext', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'number', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'ongoing', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', '78']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32215,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SHELL-PLC-130945922/news/Shell-announces-commencement-of-a-share-buyback-programme-45219000/,Shell announces commencement of a share buyback programme,(marketscreener.com) Shell plc Shell announces commencement of a share buyback programme November 2  2023 Shell plc today announces the commencement of a $3.5 billion share buyback programme covering an aggregate contract term of approximately three months . …,Shell plcShell announces commencement of a share buyback programmeNovember 2  2023Shell plc (the ‘Company’) today announces the commencement of a $3.5 billion share buyback programme covering an aggregate contract term of approximately three months (the ‘programme’). The purpose of the programme is to reduce the issued share capital of the Company. All shares repurchased as part of the programme will be cancelled. It is intended that  subject to market conditions  the programme will be completed prior to the Company’s Q4 2023 results announcement  scheduled for February 1  2024.The Company has entered into an arrangement with a single broker consisting of three irrevocable  non-discretionary contracts  to enable the purchase of ordinary shares on both London market exchanges (the London Stock Exchange and/or on BATS and/or on Chi-X) (pursuant to two ‘London contracts’) and Netherlands exchanges (Euronext Amsterdam and/or on CBOE Europe DXE and/or on Turquoise Europe) (pursuant to one ‘Netherlands contract’) for a period up to and including January 26  2024. The aggregate maximum consideration for the purchase of ordinary shares under the London contracts is $2 billion and the maximum consideration for the purchase of ordinary shares under the Netherlands contract is $1.5 billion. Purchases under the London contracts will be carried out in accordance with the Company’s authority1 to repurchase shares on-market and will be effected within certain contractually agreed parameters. Purchases under the Netherlands contract will be carried out in accordance with the Company’s authority1 to repurchase shares off-market pursuant to the off-market share buyback contract approved by its shareholders and the parameters set out therein.The maximum number of ordinary shares which may be purchased or committed to be purchased by the Company under the programme (across all three contracts) is 590 000 000  which is the maximum number remaining as of the date of this announcement pursuant to the relevant authorities granted by shareholders at the Company's 2023 Annual General Meeting1.The broker will make its trading decisions in relation to the Company's securities independently of the Company.The programme will be conducted in accordance with Chapter 12 of the Listing Rules  Article 5 of the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU dealing with buy-back programmes (‘EU MAR’) and EU MAR as “onshored” into UK law from the end of the Brexit transition period (at 11:00 pm on 31 December 2020) through the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020)  and as amended  supplemented  restated  novated  substituted or replaced including by relevant statutory instruments (including  The Market Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations (SI 2019/310))  from time to time and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (the ‘EU MAR Delegated Regulation’) and the EU MAR Delegated Regulation as “onshored” into UK law from the end of the Brexit transition period (at 11:00 pm on 31 December 2020) through the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020)  and as amended  supplemented  restated  novated  substituted or replaced including by relevant statutory instruments (including  The Market Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations (SI 2019/310))  from time to time.1 The existing shareholder authorities to buy back shares granted at the Company's 2023 Annual General Meeting will expire at the earlier of the close of business on August 22  2024  and the end of the date of the Company's 2024 Annual General Meeting. The Company expects to seek renewal of shareholder authority to buy back shares at subsequent Annual General Meetings.EnquiriesMedia International: +44 (0) 207 934 5550Media Americas: +1 832 337 4355CAUTIONARY STATEMENTThe companies in which Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this announcement “Shell”  “Shell Group” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise  the words “we”  “us” and our” are also used to refer to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them. These terms are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular entity or entities. ‘‘Subsidiaries’’  “Shell subsidiaries” and “Shell companies” as used in this announcement refer to entities over which Shell plc either directly or indirectly has control. Entities and unincorporated arrangements over which Shell has joint control are generally referred to as “joint ventures” and “joint operations”  respectively. “Joint ventures” and “joint operations” are collectively referred to as “joint arrangements”. Entities over which Shell has significant influence but neither control nor joint control are referred to as “associates”. The term “Shell interest” is used for convenience to indicate the direct and/or indirect ownership interest held by Shell in an entity or unincorporated joint arrangement  after exclusion of all third-party interest.Forward-Looking StatementsThis announcement contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) concerning the financial condition  results of operations and businesses of Shell. All statements other than statements of historical fact are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Forward-looking statements include  among other things  statements concerning the potential exposure of Shell to market risks and statements expressing management’s expectations  beliefs  estimates  forecasts  projections and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  ‘anticipate’’  ‘‘believe’’  ‘‘could’’  ‘‘estimate’’  ‘‘expect’’  ‘‘goals’’  ‘‘intend’’  ‘‘may’’  “milestones”  ‘‘objectives’’  ‘‘outlook’’  ‘‘plan’’  ‘‘probably’’  ‘‘project’’  ‘‘risks’’  “schedule”  ‘‘seek’’  ‘‘should’’  ‘‘target’’  ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. There are a number of factors that could affect the future operations of Shell and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements included in this announcement  including (without limitation): (a) price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas; (b) changes in demand for Shell’s products; (c) currency fluctuations; (d) drilling and production results; (e) reserves estimates; (f) loss of market share and industry competition; (g) environmental and physical risks; (h) risks associated with the identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets  and successful negotiation and completion of such transactions; (i) the risk of doing business in developing countries and countries subject to international sanctions; (j) legislative  judicial  fiscal and regulatory developments including regulatory measures addressing climate change; (k) economic and financial market conditions in various countries and regions; (l) political risks  including the risks of expropriation and renegotiation of the terms of contracts with governmental entities  delays or advancements in the approval of projects and delays in the reimbursement for shared costs; (m) risks associated with the impact of pandemics  such as the COVID-19 (coronavirus) outbreak; and (n) changes in trading conditions. No assurance is provided that future dividend payments will match or exceed previous dividend payments. All forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Additional risk factors that may affect future results are contained in Shell plc’s Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 (available at www.shell.com/investor and www.sec.gov ). These risk factors also expressly qualify all forward-looking statements contained in this announcement and should be considered by the reader. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this announcement  November 2  2023. Neither Shell plc nor any of its subsidiaries undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information  future events or other information. In light of these risks  results could differ materially from those stated  implied or inferred from the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement.Shell’s net carbon intensityAlso  in this announcement we may refer to Shell’s “Net Carbon Intensity”  which includes Shell’s carbon emissions from the production of our energy products  our suppliers’ carbon emissions in supplying energy for that production and our customers’ carbon emissions associated with their use of the energy products we sell. Shell only controls its own emissions. The use of the term Shell’s “Net Carbon Intensity” is for convenience only and not intended to suggest these emissions are those of Shell plc or its subsidiaries.Shell’s net-Zero Emissions TargetShell’s operating plan  outlook and budgets are forecasted for a ten-year period and are updated every year. They reflect the current economic environment and what we can reasonably expect to see over the next ten years. Accordingly  they reflect our Scope 1  Scope 2 and Net Carbon Intensity (NCI) targets over the next ten years. However  Shell’s operating plans cannot reflect our 2050 net-zero emissions target and 2035 NCI target  as these targets are currently outside our planning period. In the future  as society moves towards net-zero emissions  we expect Shell’s operating plans to reflect this movement. However  if society is not net zero in 2050  as of today  there would be significant risk that Shell may not meet this target.Forward Looking Non-GAAP measuresThis announcement may contain certain forward-looking non-GAAP measures such as cash capital expenditure and divestments. We are unable to provide a reconciliation of these forward-looking Non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures because certain information needed to reconcile those Non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is dependent on future events some of which are outside the control of Shell  such as oil and gas prices  interest rates and exchange rates. Moreover  estimating such GAAP measures with the required precision necessary to provide a meaningful reconciliation is extremely difficult and could not be accomplished without unreasonable effort. Non-GAAP measures in respect of future periods which cannot be reconciled to the most comparable GAAP financial measure are calculated in a manner which is consistent with the accounting policies applied in Shell plc’s consolidated financial statements.The contents of websites referred to in this announcement do not form part of this announcement.We may have used certain terms  such as resources  in this announcement that the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) strictly prohibits us from including in our filings with the SEC. Investors are urged to consider closely the disclosure in our Form 20-F  File No 1-32575  available on the SEC website www.sec.gov.LEI number of Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70Classification: Acquisition or disposal of the issuer’s own shares.,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Shell', 'commencement', 'subsequent Annual General Meetings', 'three irrevocable, non-discretionary contracts', 'EU MAR Delegated Regulation', '$3.5 billion share buyback programme', 'market share buyback contract', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', '2023 Annual General Meeting', '2024 Annual General Meeting', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'relevant statutory instruments', 'EU Exit) Regulations', 'London Stock Exchange', 'CBOE Europe DXE', 'Enquiries Media International', 'indirect ownership interest', 'Brexit transition period', 'two ‘London contracts', 'existing shareholder authorities', 'aggregate maximum consideration', 'aggregate contract term', 'London market exchanges', 'Q4 2023 results announcement', 'The Market Abuse', 'separate legal entities', 'three contracts', 'share capital', 'relevant authorities', 'three months', 'Netherlands contract', 'market conditions', 'Netherlands exchanges', 'Turquoise Europe', 'shareholder authority', 'Media Americas', 'maximum number', 'Shell interest', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'trading decisions', 'Listing Rules', 'buy-back programmes', 'European Union', 'CAUTIONARY STATEMENT', 'unincorporated arrangements', 'joint ventures', 'joint operations', 'joint arrangements', 'significant influence', 'Shell plc', 'single broker', 'Withdrawal Agreement', 'useful purpose', 'particular entity', 'joint control', 'ordinary shares', 'Shell Group', 'Shell companies', 'UK law', 'Shell subsidiaries', 'commencement', 'November', 'Company', 'February', 'purchase', 'BATS', 'Chi-X', 'January', 'accordance', 'authority1', 'parameters', 'off', 'shareholders', 'date', 'relation', 'securities', 'Chapter', 'Article', 'end', '31 December', 'time', 'close', 'business', 'August', 'renewal', 'investments', 'convenience', 'references', 'words', 'terms', 'associates', '11:00', '44']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32216,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONAV-NV-5984/news/Euronav-announces-third-quarter-2023-results-45219188/,Euronav : announces third quarter 2023 results -November 02  2023 at 03:10 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Regulated information   2 November 2023 - 08.00 am CET   EURONAV ANNOUNCES THIRD QUARTER   2023 RESULTS   HIGHLIGHTS    Rates during Q3 2023 strong compared to historic Q3 average since...https://www…,"PRESS RELEASE Regulated information 2 November 2023 - 08.00 am CET EURONAV ANNOUNCES THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS HIGHLIGHTS Rates during Q3 2023 strong compared to historic Q3 average since 1990Two new VLCCs on orderTwo-year VLCC time charter signed with blue-chip partnerVLCC time charter signed with blue-chip partner Announcement of agreement for forward path with two reference shareholdersNo Q3 2023 dividend to be paid as part of CMB/Frontline transactionQ4 2023 spot rates to-date: 49% fixed at 34 000 USD per day for VLCC fleet and 52% fixed at 34 000 USD for Suezmax fleet  however rates have strongly rallied since last week. ANTWERP  Belgium  2 November 2023 - Euronav NV (NYSE: EURN & Euronext: EURN) (""Euronav"" or the ""Company"") reported its non-audited financial results today for the third quarter ended 30 September 2023. Lieve Logghe  CFO and CEO ad interim of Euronav said: ""The third quarter exhibited a relatively typical trading pattern as the tanker markets adapted to the extra OPEC production and export reductions  along with indications of a slight decline in crude oil demand. The Euronav platform was expanded with a key time charter and two more VLCC new build contracts. After many months of uncertainty  a transaction between our two reference shareholders was agreed. We believe this will leverage the value that Euronav and its people have created through many years of hard work. It represents a balanced outcome for shareholders  who now have the choice between realizing that value in cash or following Euronav in a new strategic direction under a new controlling shareholder.""PRESS RELEASE Regulated information 2 November 2023 - 08.00 am CET Key figures The most important key figures (unaudited) are: (in thousands of USD) Third Quarter 2023 Revenue 278 378 Other operating income 4 737 Voyage expenses and commissions (32 127) Vessel operating expenses (55 471) Charter hire expenses (898) General and administrative expenses (13 800) Net gain (loss) on disposal of tangible assets 27 053 Depreciation (59 716) Net finance expenses (26 582) Share of profit (loss) of equity accounted investees (3) Result before taxation 121 571 Tax benefit (expense) (6 994) Profit (loss) for the period 114 577 Attributable to: Owners of the Company 114 577 Third Quarter YTD 2023 YTD 2022 2022 223 539 966 494 486 601 2 879 19 505 10 515 (55 595) (103 672) (130 047) (56 039) (173 488) (157 560) (372) (2 429) (4 828) (14 930) (40 549) (38 101) - 49 117 33 244 (58 791) (171 623) (165 042) (20 227) (86 726) (82 091) 2 982 (12) 17 556 23 446 456 617 (29 753) (6 998) (5 174) (2 075) 16 448 451 443 (31 828) 16 448 451 443 (31 828) The contribution to the result is as follows: (in thousands of USD) Third Quarter Third Quarter 2023 2022 Tankers 110 616 8 738 FSO 3 961 7 710 Result after taxation 114 577 16 448 YTD 2023 YTD 2022 440 370 (61 218) 11 073 29 390 451 443 (31 828) Information per share: (in USD per share) Third Quarter Third Quarter YTD 2023 YTD 2022 2023 2022 Weighted average number of shares (basic) * 201 912 942 201 783 532 201 856 648 201 735 976 Result after taxation 0.57 0.08 2.24 (0.16) The number of shares issued on 30 September 2023 is 220 024 713. However  the number of shares excluding the owned shares held by Euronav at 30 September 2023 is 201 912 942.PRESS RELEASE Regulated information 2 November 2023 - 08.00 am CET EBITDA reconciliation (unaudited): (in thousands of USD) Third Quarter Third Quarter YTD 2023 YTD 2022 2023 2022 Profit (loss) for the period 114 577 16 448 451 443 (31 828) + Net interest expenses 28 338 20 323 87 518 81 341 + Depreciation of tangible and intangible assets 59 716 58 791 171 623 165 042 + Income tax expense (benefit) 6 994 6 998 5 174 2 075 EBITDA (unaudited) 209 625 102 560 715 758 216 630 + Net interest expenses JV - (384) - (745) + Depreciation of tangible and intangible assets JV - - - 3 149 + Income tax expense (benefit) JV - (2 583) - (1 599) Proportionate EBITDA 209 625 99 593 715 758 217 435 Proportionate EBITDA per share: (in USD per share) Weighted average number of shares (basic) Proportionate EBITDA Third Quarter Third Quarter YTD 2023 YTD 2022 2023 2022 201 912 942 201 783 532 201 856 648 201 735 976 1.04 0.49 3.55 1.08 All figures  except for Proportionate EBITDA  have been prepared under IFRS as adopted by the EU (International Financial Reporting Standards) and have not been audited nor reviewed by the statutory auditor. For the third quarter of 2023  the Company realized a net gain of USD 114.6 million or USD 0.57 per share (third quarter 2022: a net gain of 16.4 USD million or USD 0.08 per share). Proportionate EBITDA (a non-IFRS measure) for the same period was USD 209.6 million (third quarter 2022: USD 99.6 million). TCE The average daily time charter equivalent rates (TCE  a non IFRS-measure) can be summarized as follows: In USD per day Third quarter 2023 Third quarter 2022 VLCC Average spot rate (in TI Pool)* 42 250 22 250 Average time charter rate** 48 250 47 000 SUEZMAX Average spot rate*** 42 750 34 000 Average time charter rate 30 250 30 500 *Euronav owned ships in TI Pool (excluding technical off-hire days) **Including profit share where applicable *** Including profit share where applicable (excluding technical off-hire days)PRESS RELEASE Regulated information 2 November 2023 - 08.00 am CET EURONAV TANKER FLEET DEVELOPMENTS Two-year time charter with blue chip partner On 7 September 2023 - Euronav announced it had signed a two-year time charter with a blue-chip partner for the VLCC Donoussa (2016 dwt - 299.999). This contract will generate approximately USD 24 million in cash for Euronav over the duration of the contract. Purchase option VLCC Nectar lifted Euronav NV has decided to lift its purchase option on VLCC Nectar (2008 - 307 284 dwt)  crystallizing a potential capital gain by taking back full ownership of the vessel and creating as such additional capacity for the ongoing tanker cycle. The vessel was returned to Euronav ownership as of 27 September 2023. Fleet expansion - one new VLCC ordered and option for additional VLCC exercised On 16 August 2023  Euronav revealed an agreement to purchase one new build VLCC. The purchase will cost USD 112.2 million with highly favorable payment terms and schedule. The vessel is expected to be delivered in Q3 2026. On 9 October 2023  Euronav lifted an option at the same Chinese shipyard for another new build VLCC for the same purchase price  with delivery anticipated also in Q3 2026. Update - Newbuilding delivery schedule The outstanding capital expenditure for the four Suezmaxes and two VLCC's currently under construction at the end of Q3 2023 was USD 394.2 million  of which USD 55.6 millionis still due in 2023 (2024: USD 136.6 million; 2025: USD 67.2 million; 2026: USD 134.6 million). OTHER CORPORATE DEVELOPMENTS On 19 October 2023  the UK Supreme court refused to grant Unicredit permission to appeal against a judgement in favour of Euronav over an alleged misdelivery claim concerning MTSienna (2007 - 150 205 dwt). The claim is now concluded in full. TANKER MARKET & OUTLOOK Seasonal factors that have often been absent in large crude tanker markets re-asserted their influence during Q3 2023  with freight rates falling modestly throughout the quarter. VLCC rates moved from low USD 40k per day to lowithmid USD 30k per day by quarter end  while Suezmax rates followed a steeper trajectory from high USD 30k per day to P&L breakeven levels in lowithmid USD 20k per day. Four factors drove this trading pattern (1) reduced activity as quarter progressed from refinery sector as maintenance programmes kicked in (2) inventory drawdown continued as oil prices rose in response to (3) additional OPEC+ production/export cuts augmented by Saudi Arabia and (4) some demand softening as global GDP growth succumbs to global interest rate rises over the past 18 months.PRESS RELEASE Regulated information 2 November 2023 - 08.00 am CET The first three factors above are likely to reverse at some point in the coming quarters with demand concerns assuaged by agencies such as IEA still forecasting more than 1m bpd consumption growth for 2024. Crude oil demand & supply Saudi Arabia's surprise commitment to firstly extend on a monthly basis their 1m bpd production/export cut  and then increase this to calendar year-end  helped to push oil prices toward USD 100 per barrel toward the end of Q3 which was likely a factor in curbing demand forecasts. The IEA reduced its 2023 global demand forecast growth from 2.3 million bpd to 2 million bpd during Q3. Vessel Supply During Q2  commentary focused on the uptick in Suezmax contracting with 15 orders in total moving the orderbook-to-fleet ratio higher. This trend continued during Q3 with a further 12 Suezmax contracts and the VLCC sector joining the trend with 12 new build contracts of its own. This brings the orderbook-to-fleet ratio to 8.3% for Suezmax vessels and 2.3% for the VLCC sector. VLCC market has improved due to increased frequency of loadings from higher USA crude production leading to increased utilisation and ton miles for VLCC segment over others. Greater berth availability  lower ticket price and higher optionality for Suezmax vessels (post Russia-Ukraine dislocation on trade lanes) are key factors driving higher sector contracting. However  ordering has continued to originate from highly reputable and disciplined owners with large established fleets as part of fleet renewal programmes. Delivery dates remain long (over 30 months) and orderbook-to-fleet ratios remain low by historical standards with VLCC at 2.3% and Suezmax at 8.3% (versus a 19.2% average for VLCCs and 21.3% for Suezmaxes since 1990 - according to Clarksons). Unsurprisingly  there was no recycling of Suezmax or VLCC vessels for a third consecutive quarter given such buoyant freight rates  low orderbook and limited vessel supply over the next 12-18 months. Some evidence is emerging of softer prices in more mature VLCC assets based on Clarksons data. Whilst new build VLCC prices rose to USD 128 million from June to October 2023 (USD 126 million) 5-  10- and 15- year prices were down 2.0%  1.3% and 3.4% respectively over the same period. Suezmax asset prices held firm over the same period and were unchanged across all vintages. Freight rates - reverting to the mean but remaining profitable Freight rates reverted to their traditional seasonal patterns during Q3  buffeted by initial OPEC+ production and export cuts being increased unilaterally in size and duration by Saudi Arabia. Along with concerns over underlying demand for crude and further global inventory drawdowns  these factors provided sustained headwinds the large crude tanker market during Q3. Freight rates for both VLCC and Suezmax consequently drifted lower through the quarter but some context is needed. The quarterly spot rates of USD 42.2k per day for VLCC and USD 42.8k per day for Suezmax delivered compare favourably with the averages since 1990. VLCC rates for Q3 2023 were in the 26th percentile since 1990 and Suezmax in thePRESS RELEASE Regulated information 2 November 2023 - 08.00 am CET 23rd percentile for the period. VLCC spot rates since 1990 averaged USD 30.5k per day for Q3 with Suezmax at USD 23.6k per day for Q3. So far in the fourth quarter  Euronav VLCCs in the Tankers International Pool have earned USD 34k per day with 49% of the available days fixed. Euronav's Suezmax fleet trading on the spot market has earned USD 34k per day on average with 52% of the available days fixed. However  since last week both Suezmax as well as VLCC's are enjoying a strong rally as charterers rush to secure supply head of any widening MEG conflict. DISTRIBUTION TO SHAREHOLDERS Q3 2023 Dividend As a result of the announcement of 9 October 2023 (https://www.euronav.com/investors/company-news-reports/press-releases/2023/agreement-between-reference-shareholders/) no dividend will be distributed until the interdependent transactions have been completed. AGREEMENT WITH THE REFERENCE SHAREHOLDERS On 9 October 2023 Euronav's two reference shareholders  CMB NV (""CMB"") and Frontline plc/Famatown Finance Limited (""Frontline"")  reached agreement on a transaction involving the Company that puts an end to uncertainties and risks arising from their entrenched differences over strategy  while offering other shareholders the opportunity to realise substantial cash value for their investment or remain as shareholders of the Company under the new strategy. The transaction comprises three interdependent agreements  under the terms of which: CMB will acquire Frontline's [26.12%] stake in the Company for $18.43 per share;Frontline will acquire 24 VLCC tankers from the Euronav fleet for $2.35 billion (the""Vessel Sale"")  subject to completion of the above-mentioned share purchase and to subsequent approval by shareholders voting at a Special General Meeting;""Vessel Sale"")  subject to completion of the above-mentioned share purchase and to subsequent approval by shareholders voting at a Special General Meeting; The Company's pending arbitration action against Frontline and affiliates will be settled. Following its acquisition of Euronav shares from Frontline  CMB will own more than [53%] of the Company. In compliance with Belgian market rules  CMB will launch a mandatory takeover offer (""the Offer"") for all outstanding shares in Company  at a price of $18.43 per share  paid in cash  less dividend that would be paid. The agreements to which the Company is party  namely the sale of vessels for a price reflecting market value at a high point in the cycle and the settlement of the arbitration case  fall within the scope of the related parties transactions procedure under Belgian law. The transaction was agreed by the Euronav Supervisory Board  on the recommendation of the Independent Directors' Committee. If not resolved  the deadlock between Euronav's reference shareholders would  in the Committee's view  have become detrimental to the Company's business and shareholder value.PRESS RELEASE Regulated information 2 November 2023 - 08.00 am CET The transaction details and more information on the mandatory takeover offer can be found in the press release we announced on 9 October 2023 (https://www.euronav.com/investors/company-news-reports/press-releases/2023/agreement-between-reference-shareholders/). SUSTAINABILITY UPDATE Biofuels During Q3  Euronav continued with the adoption and consumption of biofuel blends within our fleet to reduce our GHG emissions and CO2 Footprint. We loaded 2 DMA  B-30 blends out of Rotterdam  taking advantage of the price discrepancy of standard petroleum fuel to bio-blended fuel afforded by the carbon credit scheme implemented by the government of the Netherlands. We loaded 250 MT of B-30Bio-blended DMA on the MT Saphirra and 250 MT of Bio-blended DMA on the MT Ardeche. The fuel was procured from Goodfuels  a leading supplier of biofuels in Europe. This fuel will be used primarily during ECA zone transits as well as in port operations. The fuel would provide a 28% reduction in our CO2 emissions based on the ICSS certification provided to Euronav by the suppliers. Euronav will continue to seek opportunities to further supply bio-blended Residual and Gasoil fuels to our fleet to help reduce our CO2 and GHG emissions. CONFERENCE CALL No earnings call will be organised as Euronav is at an inflection point in its development with the strong likelihood of a change in controlling interest and strategic direction adopted.PRESS RELEASE Regulated information 2 November 2023 - 08.00 am CET Contact: Contact: Brian Gallagher - Head of IR Communications & Management Board member Tel: +44 20 78 70 04 36 Email: IR@euronav.com Special General Meeting to vote on transaction - 21 November 2023 About Euronav NV Euronav is an independent tanker company engaged in the ocean transportation and storage of crude oil. The company is headquartered in Antwerp  Belgium  and has offices throughout Europe and Asia. Euronav is listed on Euronext Brussels and on the NYSE under the symbol EURN. Euronav employs its fleet both on the spot and period market. VLCCs on the spot market are traded in the Tankers International pool of which Euronav is one of the major partners. Euronav's owned and operated fleet consists of 1 V-Plus vessel  40 VLCCs (with a further two under construction)  24 Suezmaxes (with a further two under construction) and 2 FSO vessels. Forward-Looking Statements Matters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbour protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  objectives  goals  strategies  future events or performance  and underlying assumptions and other statements  which are other than statements of historical facts. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbour provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbour legislation. The words ""believe""  ""anticipate""  ""intends""  ""estimate""  ""forecast""  ""project""  ""plan""  ""potential""  ""may""  ""should""  ""expect""  ""pending"" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions  including without limitation  our management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in our records and other data available from third parties. Although we believe that these assumptions were reasonable when made  because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond our control  we cannot assure you that we will achieve or accomplish these expectations  beliefs or projections. In addition to these important factors  other important factors that  in our view  could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the failure of counterparties to fully perform their contracts with us  the strength of world economies and currencies  general market conditions  including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values  changes in demand for tanker vessel capacity  changes in our operating expenses  including bunker prices  dry-docking and insurance costs  the market for our vessels  availability of financing and refinancing  charter counterparty performance  ability to obtain financing and comply with covenants in such financing arrangements  changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities  potential liability from pending or future litigation  general domestic and international political conditions  potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events  vessels breakdowns and instances of off-hires and otherPRESS RELEASE Regulated information 2 November 2023 - 08.00 am CET factors. Please see our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.23,0.28,0.49,True,English,"['third quarter 2023 results', 'Euronav', 'November', '03:10', 'average daily time charter equivalent rates', 'Proportionate EBITDA Third Quarter Third Quarter YTD', 'Average time charter rate', 'Two-year VLCC time charter', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'VLCC Average spot rate', 'VLCC new build contracts', 'SUEZMAX Average spot rate', 'PRESS RELEASE Regulated information', 'key time charter', 'Q4 2023 spot rates', 'THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS', 'Charter hire expenses', 'new strategic direction', 'new controlling shareholder', 'CEO ad interim', 'typical trading pattern', 'extra OPEC production', 'crude oil demand', 'Other operating income', 'historic Q3 average', 'Two new VLCCs', 'Vessel operating expenses', 'No Q3 2023 dividend', 'Net finance expenses', 'Net interest expenses', 'blue-chip partner Announcement', 'Income tax expense', 'two reference shareholders', 'important key figures', 'The Euronav platform', 'CET EBITDA reconciliation', '435 Proportionate EBITDA', 'financial results', 'VLCC fleet', 'average number', 'HIGHLIGHTS Rates', 'Suezmax fleet', 'Voyage expenses', 'administrative expenses', 'Net gain', 'forward path', 'last week', 'Lieve Logghe', 'tanker markets', 'export reductions', 'slight decline', 'many months', 'many years', 'hard work', 'balanced outcome', '121,571 Tax benefit', 'intangible assets', 'statutory auditor', 'TI Pool', 'CMB/Frontline transaction', 'IFRS measure', 'EURONAV ANNOUNCES', 'Euronav NV', 'same period', '075 EBITDA', 'order', 'agreement', 'date', 'day', 'ANTWERP', 'Belgium', '2 November', 'NYSE', 'EURN', 'Euronext', 'Company', 'CFO', 'indications', 'uncertainty', 'value', 'people', 'choice', 'cash', 'thousands', 'USD', 'Revenue', 'commissions', 'General', 'disposal', '053 Depreciation', 'profit', 'loss', 'equity', 'investees', 'taxation', 'Owners', 'contribution', 'Tankers', '738 FSO', 'Weighted', 'shares', '30 September', 'JV', 'basic', 'TCE', 'IFRS-measure', '08.00']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32217,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BANK-OF-IRELAND-GROUP-PLC-1412362/news/Bank-of-Ireland-GovCo-Circular-and-Notice-of-Extraordinary-General-Court-45226683/,Bank of Ireland : GovCo Circular and Notice of Extraordinary General Court -November 02  2023 at 11:37 am EDT,(marketscreener.com)    THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the course of action to take  you should consult an appropriate independent professional adviser  who  if you are taking advice in Irela…,"THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the course of action to take  you should consult an appropriate independent professional adviser  who  if you are taking advice in Ireland  is authorised or exempted under the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) or the Investment Intermediaries Act 1995 (as amended)  or  if you are taking advice in the United Kingdom  is authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act  2000 (as amended)  or if you are resident in a territory outside Ireland or the United Kingdom  from another appropriately authorised independent financial adviser. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all your stock in The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland (the ""Company"" or the ""Bank"")  please forward this notice (and the accompanying documents) to the person through whom the sale or transfer was effected for transmission to the purchaser or transferee. If you have sold or otherwise transferred part of your holding of stock in the Company  you should retain this document and the Form of Proxy (""Form of Proxy"") and consult the stockbroker  bank or other agent through or by whom the transfer or sale was effected. This document does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to purchase  otherwise acquire  subscribe for  sell  otherwise dispose of or issue  or any solicitation of any offer to sell  otherwise dispose of  issue  purchase  otherwise acquire or subscribe for  any security  in any jurisdiction in which such an offer  an invitation or a solicitation is unlawful. THE GOVERNOR AND COMPANY OF THE BANK OF IRELAND NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL COURT Proposed conversion of the Sterling Preference Stock and the Euro Preference Stock into redeemable stock Proposed amendment of the Bye-Laws Your attention is drawn to the letter to Stockholders which is set out on pages 7-15 of this document  which contains the key information for Stockholders (""Stockholders"") in relation to the resolutions to be proposed at the Extraordinary General Court (""EGC"") referred to below (the ""Resolutions""). You should read this document in its entirety and consider whether or not to vote in favour of the Resolutions in light of the information contained in this document. Notice of the Extraordinary General Court of The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland to be held at Arthur Cox LLP  Ten Earlsfort Terrace  Dublin 2  D02 T380  Ireland on Friday  24 November 2023 at 10.00 a.m. is set out on pages 22-24 of this document. Please note that: holders of Preference Stock (defined below) ("" Preference Stockholders "") are entitled to attend and vote on Resolution 3 at the EGC in respect of their own holding(s) of such Preference Stock ("" Preference Stock ""); holders of Euro Preference Stock (as defined below) are also entitled to attend and vote on Resolution 1 at the EGC in respect of their own holding(s) of such Euro Preference Stock; and holders of Sterling Preference Stock (as defined below) are also entitled to attend and vote on Resolution 2 at the EGC in respect of their own holding(s) of such Sterling Preference Stock. 1A form of proxy for use by Preference Stockholders is enclosed with this Notice (""Preference Form of Proxy""). The holder of the Company's Ordinary Stock (""Ordinary Stock"") is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend  speak  ask questions and vote at the EGC. A form of proxy for use by the holder of the Company's Ordinary Stock (the ""Form of Proxy"") will be delivered to the holder of the Company's Ordinary Stock. Persons who hold their interests in Ordinary Stock and/or Preference Stock as Belgian law rights through the securities settlement system operated by Euroclear Bank SA/NV (""Euroclear Bank"") (the ""EB System"") or as CREST Depository Interests (""CDIs"") through the CREST system (""CREST"") should consult with their custodian  stockbroker or other intermediary at the earliest opportunity for further information on the processes and timelines for submitting proxy votes for the EGC  and objections to the Conversion (defined below)  through the respective systems. To be valid  all proxy instructions (whether submitted (a) directly by way of a completed Form of Proxy or Preference Form of Proxy or (b) electronically via www.eproxyappointment.com in the case of holders of Ordinary Stock and/or Preference Stock in certificated (i.e. paper) form  or (c) through the EB System (in the case of EB Participants) or (d) through CREST (in the case of holders of CDIs))  together with any power of attorney or other authority under which it is executed (or a duly certified copy of any such power or authority)  must be submitted as soon as possible  but in any event so as to be received by the Company's Registrar  Computershare Investor Services (Ireland) Limited (the ""Registrar"")  no later than 10.00 a.m. (Irish time) on Wednesday  22 November 2023  or 48 hours before any adjourned EGC or (in the case of a poll taken otherwise than at or on the same day as the EGC or adjourned EGC) at least 48 hours before the time appointed for the taking of a poll. SEE THE SECTION 'EXPECTED TIMETABLE OF PRINCIPAL EVENTS AND KEY VOTING DEADLINES' ON PAGES 5 TO 6 OF THIS DOCUMENT FOR MORE DETAILS ON VOTING AND OBJECTION DEADLINES. Persons holding interests in Ordinary Stock and/or Preference Stock through the EB System and/or CREST will also need to comply with any additional voting deadlines imposed by their respective service offerings  as well as any additional deadlines set by their custodians  stockbrokers or other intermediaries. All persons affected are recommended to consult with their custodian  stockbroker or other intermediary at the earliest opportunity. A list of deadlines is available on pages 5-6 of this document. Further information on the procedures to be followed in order to validly appoint a proxy are set out on pages 24-28 of this document. Class general meetings of the holders of the Euro Preference Stock and the Sterling Preference Stock will also be held on Friday  24 November 2023 following the conclusion of the EGC for the purposes of seeking the consent of those holders to the variation of the rights attaching to the Euro Preference Stock and the Sterling Preference Stock (""Class Meetings""). Details in relation to the Class Meetings will be posted separately to the Preference Stockholders  and separate voting arrangements will apply in respect of the Class Meetings. This documents contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Group's intent  beliefs or current expectations about the future and can be recognized by the use of words such as ""expects "" ""will ""  ""anticipate "" or words of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of any future performance and are necessarily estimates reflecting the best judgment of the directors of the Company and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. As a consequence  these forward- looking statements should be considered in light of various important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in the forward-looking statements  which include  without limitation  the risk factors set forth in this document. The Company cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realised  although they believe they have been 2prudent in their respective plans and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks  uncertainties and assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate  actual results could vary materially from those anticipated  estimated or projected. The Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events  except as required by applicable law. 3EXPECTED TIMETABLE OF PRINCIPAL EVENTS AND KEY VOTING DEADLINES EGC Timetable A timetable showing the key deadlines for (i) voting on the Resolutions  and (ii) submitting an objection to the conversion of the Preference Stock to redeemable stock is set out below. Detailed instructions on appointing a proxy and voting are set out on pages 24 to 28 of this document. The process to be followed will depend on the manner in which a Stockholder holds their Ordinary Stock and/or Preference Stock. Please note that it is recommended that you consult with your stockbroker or other custodian or intermediary at the earliest opportunity for further information on the processes and timelines for submitting proxy votes for the EGC  and objection notices  through the EB System or CREST. Event Time and/or Date Publication of this Document and Notice of EGC 1 November 2023 Period for Stockholders to object to the 1 November - 1.00 p.m. on Friday  8 December Conversion and the payment of the Redemption Price (the ""Objection Period"") Record Date for the purposes of determining 6.00 p.m. on Monday  20 November 2023 entitlements to vote at the EGC (the ""Record Date"") Latest expected time for return of voting Persons holding their interests through CDIs in instructions on the Resolutions by holders of CREST should consult with their custodian  CDIs stockbroker or other intermediary at the earliest opportunity for further information on the processes and timelines for submitting voting instructions for the EGC Latest expected time for return of voting Persons holding their interests through EB instructions on the Resolutions by EB Participants should consult with their custodian  Participants stockbroker or other intermediary at the earliest opportunity for further information on the processes and timelines for submitting voting instructions for the EGC Latest time for return of voting instructions on 10.00 a.m. on Wednesday  22 November 2023 Resolutions by holders of certificated Ordinary Stock and/or Preference Stock by post or electronically Extraordinary General Court 10.00 a.m. on Friday  24 November 2023 Class Meeting of the Euro Preference 11.00 a.m. on Friday  24 November 2023  or  if Stockholders earlier  immediately following the conclusion of the EGC 5Class Meeting of the Sterling Preference 12.00 p.m. (noon) on Friday  24 November Stockholders 2023  or  if earlier  immediately following the conclusion of the Class Meeting of the Euro Preference Stockholders Amended Bye-Laws become effective Immediately following the conclusion of the EGC  the Class Meeting of the Euro Preference Stockholders and the Class Meeting of the Sterling Preference Stockholders Redemption Notices to be issued to Preference Monday  27 November Stockholders Latest expected time for receipt of Objection Please refer to the EUI Corporate Actions Notice by holders of CDIs (""CREST Objection Bulletin for cut-off deadline Deadline"") Latest expected time for return of Objection 12.00 p.m. (noon) on Friday  8 December 2023 Notice by EB Participants (""EB Objection Deadline"") Latest time for return of Objection Notice by 1.00 p.m. on Friday  8 December 2023 holders of certificated Preference Stock by post or by hand Expiry of Objection Period (""Objection 1.00 p.m. on Friday  8 December 2023 Deadline"") Conversion becomes effective (""Conversion 7.00 p.m. on Friday  8 December 2023 Time"") Redemption and cancellation of Euro Preference 7.00 a.m. on Monday  11 December 2023 Stock and Sterling Preference Stock becomes effective (""Redemption Time"") Payment of the Redemption Price to be made by Monday  11 December 2023 the Company (or its nominee) for the Redemption Proposed delisting date for Preference Stock Prior to 31 December 2023  and such delisting arrangements will be more particularly described in a separate announcement issued by the Company Notes: These dates are given on the basis of the Company's current expectations and are subject to change. If any of the above times and/or dates change  the revised times and/or dates will be notified to Stockholders by announcement through a Regulatory Information Service. All references in this table to times are to Dublin  Ireland times. Forms of Proxy and Preference Forms of Proxy for the EGC must be lodged at least 48 hours prior to the EGC. Proxies for the EGC not submitted by this time will be invalid. Additional deadlines apply to persons holding interests in Ordinary Stock and/or Preference Stock through the EB System and/or CREST and such persons are encouraged to consult with their custodian  stockbroker or other intermediary at the earliest opportunity for further information on the processes and timelines for submitting proxy votes for the EGC  and objections to the Conversion  through the respective systems. 6PART 1 THE GOVERNOR AND COMPANY OF THE BANK OF IRELAND (Established in Ireland by Charter in 1783 and having limited liability with registered no. C-1)) DIRECTORS Patrick Kennedy (Non-Executive Director  Bank Governor) Richard Goulding (Non-Executive Director  Deputy-Governor) Myles O'Grady (Executive Director  Group Chief Executive Officer) Mark Spain (Executive Director  Group Chief Financial Officer) Giles Andrews (Non-Executive Director) Ian Buchanan (Non-Executive Director) Evelyn Bourke (Non-Executive Director) Steve Pateman (Non-Executive Director) Eileen Fitzpatrick (Non-Executive Director) Margaret Sweeney (Non-Executive Director) Michele Greene (Non-Executive Director) COMPANY SECRETARY Sarah McLaughlin REGISTERED OFFICE 40 Mespil Road  Dublin 4  Ireland Letter to Stockholders 1 November 2023 To the holders of Ordinary Stock and Preference Stock Conversion of Euro Preference Stock and Sterling Preference Stock into redeemable stock and the redemption of such stock Amendment of the Bye-Laws Notice of the Extraordinary General Court (""EGC"") of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland (the ""Company"" or the ""Bank"") to be held at Arthur Cox LLP  Ten Earlsfort Terrace  Dublin 2  D03 T380  Ireland on Friday  24 November 2023 at 10.00 a.m. 1. Introduction and Rationale The Company previously announced on 21 June 2023 that its Preference Stock (defined below) no longer qualified as regulatory capital  and that it would be taking steps to remove these instruments  and in doing so  provide liquidity to Preference Stockholders. Subsequent to that announcement  Bank of Ireland Nominee 3 Limited  a subsidiary of the Company's parent company  launched a tender offer to acquire both (i) the 12% Non-Cumulative Euro Preference Stock of €1.27 each in the Company (ISIN IE0000730790) (the ""Euro Preference Stock"")  and (ii) the 12.625% Non-Cumulative Sterling Preference Stock of £1.00 each in the Company (ISIN IE0000730808) (the ""Sterling Preference Stock""  and together with the Euro Preference Stock  the ""Preference Stock"") (the ""Tender Offers""). 7As a result of the Tender Offers  and the related exercise of company law compulsory acquisition rights in respect of the Sterling Preference Stock  Bank of Ireland Nominee 3 Limited acquired approximately 66% of the Euro Preference Stock and 100% of the Sterling Preference Stock. In order to provide additional liquidity in respect of the Euro Preference Stock  and to facilitate the retirement of capital instruments that no longer qualify as regulatory capital  the Company now proposes to convert the Euro Preference Stock into redeemable stock units  which will be redeemed by the Company at the same price as applied in the Tender Offer. The Company is taking a number of steps in this regard: Convening an EGC to approve the conversion of the Euro Preference Stock and Sterling Preference Stock into redeemable stock  and to amend the redemption mechanics in the Bye-Laws This document  including the Notice set out at pages 22-24  convenes an EGC of the Company to approve the conversion of the both the Euro Preference Stock and the Sterling Preference Stock to redeemable stock units  and related changes to the existing Bye-Laws of the Company (the ""Bye- Laws""). Convening separate Class Meetings of the holders of Euro Preference Stock and Sterling Preference Stock The proposed Resolutions also require the separate approval of the holders of the Euro Preference Stock and of the Sterling Preference Stock as separate classes  insofar as the proposed Resolutions vary the rights attaching to that class of stock. Class Meetings of the holders of the Euro Preference Stock and the Sterling Preference Stock will also be held on Friday  24 November 2023. The Company is sending a separate Notice of Class Meeting to the holders of the Preference Stock with details of the Class Meetings. Separate voting arrangements and proxy forms apply in respect of the Class Meetings  as set out in the Notices of Class Meeting. Redemption of the Preference Stock  subject to right of holders to Object If the Resolutions are approved at the EGC and the Class Meetings  the Company will proceed with the redemption of the Euro Preference Stock at the Euro Redemption Price (as defined below)  save for any Euro Preference Stock in respect of which an Objection Notice (as detailed below) has been received. The conversion of the Preference Stock into redeemable stock units is referred to in this document as the ""Conversion""  and the redemption of the Preference Stock held by Non-Objecting Stockholders (defined below) is referred to in this document as the ""Redemption"". Registered holders of Euro Preference Stock (""Euro Preference Stockholders"") who do not wish to have their Euro Preference Stock converted into redeemable stock will be entitled to object to their Euro Preference Stock units being converted into redeemable stock  and if such an objection is received by the Company's Registrar prior to the Objection Deadline  their Euro Preference Stock will not be converted to redeemable stock and will not be redeemed by the Company. Details of how to object to the Conversion are set out in section 2 of this letter. However  Euro Preference Stockholders intending to vote against the Resolutions or to object to the Conversion of their Euro Preference Stock into redeemable stock are advised of the following risks: Risk for Euro Preference Stockholders if the Resolutions are not approved: if the Resolutions are not approved by the requisite majority  the Euro Preference Stock will not be redeemed as envisaged at the Euro Redemption Price (as defined below). It will remain the Bank of Ireland Group's (the "" Group "") intention  however  to acquire all of the Euro 8Preference Stock by some other mechanism  including by way of open market purchases or launching another tender offer. Any subsequent acquisitions will be subject to their own terms and conditions  which may be on terms different from the Redemption  including at a price lower (or higher) than the Euro Redemption Price. Any remaining Euro Preference Stockholders after such a subsequent offer could  where under that subsequent offer the acceptance level for triggering compulsory acquisition rights under the Companies Act 2014 (the ""Companies Act"") is satisfied  therefore become subject to compulsory acquisition by the Group at a price which may be lower than the Redemption Price. Risk for an Objecting Stockholder (defined below) if the Resolutions are approved: if the Resolutions are approved at the EGC and Class Meetings  the Group currently intends to launch a tender offer in respect of the Euro Preference Stock remaining after the Redemption (i.e. the Euro Preference Stock held by stockholders that objected to the Conversion of their Euro Preference Stock into redeemable stock units prior to the Objection Deadline). There is no guarantee that the price in respect of such tender offer will be the same as the Euro Redemption Price and it may be lower (or higher) than the Euro Redemption Price. Bank of Ireland Nominee 3 Limited intends to vote in favour of the Resolutions at the EGC and the Class Meetings. However  in the event that any stockholder objects to the conversion of its Euro Preference Stock into redeemable stock units  Bank of Ireland Nominee 3 Limited intends to also object to its approximately 66% holding of Euro Preference Stock being converted into redeemable stock units so that it can tender its holding of Euro Preference Stock in a subsequent tender offer by a member of the Group. In the event that any holders of Euro Preference Stock objects to the Conversion  further tender offers may be made by a member of the Group. In the event of a subsequent tender offer made by a member of the Group  Bank of Ireland Nominee 3 Limited expects to accept the terms of such tender offer (which may be at a price lower (or higher) than the Euro Redemption Price). Depending on the number of other Objecting Stockholders other than Bank of Ireland Nominee 3 Limited  the 80% acceptance threshold required for triggering the compulsory acquisition procedure under the Companies Act may be satisfied in respect of the subsequent tender offer  and there is a significant risk that any remaining Objecting Stockholders could be subject to a compulsory acquisition  including at a price which may be lower than the Euro Redemption Price. Although it is the Group's current intention to acquire all of the Preference Stock pursuant to the Redemption  or otherwise in respect of Preference Stock held by Objecting Stockholders  please be aware that the Group is not obliged to make further tender offers or repurchases of the Preference Stock in the future  and that the Group's intentions may change from time to time depending on circumstances. The Company also intends to delist the Euro Preference Stock and the Sterling Preference Stock from the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Dublin prior to the end of 2023 (the ""Delisting"")  and a separate announcement will be made by the Company in relation to the cancellation of those listings. Further details of the risks which Preference Stockholders should consider are set out in Part 3 (Key Risks and Further Considerations) of this document. The Resolutions also propose the conversion of the Sterling Preference Stock into redeemable stock units  and their subsequent redemption  as provided for in the amendments to the Bye-Laws proposed in Resolution 3 (the ""Amended Bye-laws""). If the Resolutions are passed  it is the Group's intention that the Sterling Preference Stock will be redeemed at the Sterling Redemption Price (defined below) at the Redemption Time. Bank of Ireland Nominee 3 Limited  as holder of all of the Sterling Preference Stock  intends to vote in favour of the Resolutions at the EGC and the Class Meetings  and thereby 9",neutral,0.02,0.93,0.04,negative,0.02,0.31,0.67,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Court', 'GovCo Circular', 'Bank', 'Ireland', 'Notice', 'November', '11', 'appropriate independent professional adviser', 'independent financial adviser', 'EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL COURT', 'Arthur Cox LLP', 'Ten Earlsfort Terrace', 'Belgian law rights', 'Financial Instruments) Regulations', 'Investment Intermediaries Act', 'Computershare Investor Services', 'securities settlement system', 'Sterling Preference Stock', 'Euro Preference Stock', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'CREST Depository Interests', 'Financial Services', 'EB System', 'redeemable stock', 'Ordinary Stock', 'European Union', 'United Kingdom', 'Markets Act', 'accompanying documents', 'other agent', 'D02 T380', 'CREST system', 'other intermediary', 'earliest opportunity', 'respective systems', 'EB Participants', 'Irish time', 'same day', 'Preference Stockholders', 'holding(s', 'Preference Form', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'other authority', 'key information', 'paper) form', 'proxy votes', 'proxy instructions', 'The Governor', 'doubt', 'course', 'action', 'advice', 'Ireland', 'territory', 'notice', 'person', 'sale', 'transfer', 'transmission', 'purchaser', 'stockbroker', 'offer', 'invitation', 'issue', 'solicitation', 'security', 'jurisdiction', 'conversion', 'amendment', 'Bye-Laws', 'letter', 'pages', 'relation', 'resolutions', 'EGC', 'entirety', 'favour', 'light', 'Dublin', 'Friday', '24 November', '10.00 a', 'use', 'questions', 'CDIs', 'custodian', 'processes', 'timelines', 'objections', 'way', 'eproxyappointment', 'case', 'power', 'attorney', 'certified', 'copy', 'event', 'Registrar', 'Wednesday', 'poll', '48 hours']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,marketscreener.com
32218,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/02/2772763/0/en/Galapagos-reports-third-quarter-2023-results-and-releases-new-encouraging-data-from-CAR-T-studies-for-presentation-at-ASH-2023.html,Galapagos reports third quarter 2023 results and releases new encouraging data from CAR-T studies for presentation at ASH 2023,First nine months 2023 key financials:  Group revenues of €448.9 million Jyseleca® net sales of €82.1 million Cash and current financial investments of......,First nine months 2023 key financials: Group revenues of €448.9 million Jyseleca® net sales of €82.1 million Cash and current financial investments of €3.8 billion at 30 September 2023 Full year 2023 net Jyseleca® sales guidance of €100- € 120 million and cash burn guidance of €380-€420 million reiteratedJyseleca® strategic evaluation completed: signed Letter of Intent to transfer the Jyseleca® (filgotinib) business to Alfasigma  including the European and UK Marketing Authorizations and development activities  and approximately 400 positions in 14 European countriesOncology pipeline: New encouraging data from ongoing CAR-T Phase 1/2 studies in relapsed/refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia (rrCLL) and non-Hodgkin lymphoma (rrNHL) will be presented at ASH: GLPG5201 in rrCLL: On the higher dose level  6 of 6 patients responded to treatment (Objective Response Rate  ORR  of 100%) and 5 of 6 patients achieved a Complete Response (CRR of 83%). Overall  11 of 12 patients responded to treatment (ORR of 92%) and 9 of 12 patients achieved a CRR (75%). 5 of 7 patients with Richter’s transformation (RT) achieved a CRR (71%). GLPG5201 shows an acceptable safety profile with no cytokine release syndrome (CRS) ≥ Grade 3 or any immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome (ICANS) observed. GLPG5101 in rrNHL: On the higher dose level  5 of 6 patients achieved a CRR (83%). Overall  11 of 13 patients responded to treatment (ORR of 85%) and 9 of 13 patients achieved a CRR (69%). GLPG5101 showed an acceptable safety profile with no CRS > Grade 3 or ICANS ≥ Grade 2 observed. Manufacturing agreement with U.S.-based Landmark Bio marks important milestone in expanding CAR-T point-of-care network for the decentralized production in the Boston areaImmunology pipeline: Advanced novel  oral  selective tyrosine kinase inhibitor  GLPG3667  in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus Further progress made in initiating Phase 1b study with CD19 CAR-T candidate  GLPG5101  in patients with refractory systemic lupus erythematosusAppointed Mr. Simon Sturge as Non-Executive Independent Director to the Board of DirectorsWebcast presentation tomorrow  3 November 2023  at 13:00 CET / 8:00 am ET  www.glpg.comMechelen  Belgium; 2 November 2023  21:01 CET; regulated information – Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) today announced its financial results for the first nine months of 2023  a year-to-date business update and its outlook for the remainder of 2023.“We continue to be very encouraged by the safety and efficacy results observed in the ongoing Phase 1/2 studies with our CD19 CAR-T programs  GLPG5201 and GLPG5101  with additional data to be presented at the upcoming ASH conference in December. The new data released today indicate that both CAR-T candidates have the potential to improve survival for patients with a broad range of B-cell malignancies such as rrCLL and rrNHL. Moreover  the data show that our platform for the decentralized production of fresh CAR-T products  close to patients  has the potential to reduce the median vein-to-vein time to only seven days. We look forward to further building our data package following the agreement with Boston-based Landmark Bio  which is a key milestone in the geographical expansion of this unique point-of-care model and the start of clinical development of our CAR-T programs in the U.S. ” said Dr. Paul Stoffels1  CEO and Chairman of Galapagos.“We made good progress with our small molecules clinical pipeline in immunology and dosed the first patient in the Phase 2 study with our novel  oral  selective tyrosine kinase inhibitor  GLPG3667  in systemic lupus erythematosus. We also continue to prepare for the initiation of our Phase 1b study with CD 19 CAR-T candidate  GLPG5101  in patients with refractory systemic lupus erythematosus ” concluded Dr. Paul Stoffels  CEO and Chairman of Galapagos.“We ended the third quarter with a solid cash position of €3.8 billion and reiterate our cash burn guidance of €380-€420 million ” said Thad Huston  CFO and COO of Galapagos. “Earlier this week  we announced that we completed the strategic evaluation exercise for Jyseleca® and that we signed a letter of intent with Alfasigma for the transfer of the Jyseleca® business. This planned transaction is a major step in our transformation  allowing us to right-size our organization and focus our resources on building an R&D pipeline of transformational medicines  addressing high unmet patient needs.”Third quarter 2023 performance and recent business updateOncology portfolioGLPG5201 (CD19 CAR-T) in relapsed/refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL)  with or without Richter’s transformation (RT) The Phase 1 dose-finding part of the EUPLAGIA-1-study has been completed and preparations to start the Phase 2 dose expansion are ongoing. New preliminary data (data cut-off: 26 April 2023)  for 12 patients enrolled in EUPLAGIA-1  will be presented at ASH (see ASH abstract and poster presentation details below). All 12 patients were diagnosed with rrCLL  7 of 12 with RT. The results included in the abstract are summarized below: GLPG5201 showed an acceptable safety profile with most treatment emergent adverse events (TEAEs) of Grade 1 or 2. CRS Grade 1 or 2 was observed in 50% of the patients  and no CRS Grade ≥ 3 or any ICANS were observed. No deaths were reported. 11 of 12 patients responded to treatment (Objective Response Rate  ORR of 92%). 9 of 12 patients achieved a Complete Response (CRR of 75%). 5 of 7 patients with RT achieved a CRR (71%). On the higher dose level  6 of 6 patients responded to treatment (ORR of 100%) and 5 of 6 patients achieved a CRR (83%). Strong and consistent in vivo CAR-T expansion levels and a product consisting of early phenotype T cells were observed in all doses tested. The data show that our point-of-care platform has the potential to deliver fresh product in a median vein-to-vein time of 7 days.GLPG5101 (CD19 CAR-T) in relapsed/refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma (rrNHL) We are in the final stages of the Phase 1 dose-finding part of the ongoing Phase 1/2 ATALANTA-1 study  which enrolled patients with diffuse large B cell lymphoma (DLBCL)  mantle cell lymphoma and indolent lymphoma. The Phase 2 expansion cohorts for indolent lymphoma and mantle cell lymphoma are open and the first 10 patients have been dosed. Recruitment is ongoing. New preliminary data (data cut-off: 2 May 2023) for 14 patients enrolled in ATALANTA-1 will be presented at ASH (see ASH abstract and poster presentation details below). 7 patients had diffuse large B-cell lymphoma  3 had follicular lymphoma  3 had mantle cell lymphoma and 1 had marginal zone lymphoma. The results included in the abstract are summarized below: GLPG5101 showed an acceptable safety profile with most TEAEs of Grade 1 or 2. No CRS Grade > 3 and no ICANS Grade ≥ 2 were observed. In two patients  Grade 3-4 infections were observed  and three patients experienced Grade 4 neutropenia. One Grade 5 intra-abdominal hemorrhage occurred 12 days post infusion caused by Grade 4 disseminated intravascular coagulation. This event occurred in an elderly patient with very rapidly progressive  primary refractory  double hit DLBCL  severe comorbidities  including a medical history of pulmonary embolism pre-CAR-T treatment  complicated by a Grade 3 CRS and respiratory insufficiency. One patient developed Grade 5 sepsis at six months post infusion while the patient was in ongoing CR. 11 out of 13 evaluable patients responded to treatment (ORR of 85%) and 9 of 13 evaluable patients achieved a Complete Response (CRR of 69%). 5 of 6 patients treated with the higher dose achieved a CRR (83%). 7 of 13 patients reported an ongoing response at time of analysis  with a duration of up to 12 months (median follow-up of 4.5 months). Strong and consistent in vivo CAR-T expansion levels and a product consisting of early phenotype T cells were observed in all doses tested. The data show that our point-of-care platform has the potential to deliver fresh product in a median vein-to-vein time of 7 days.Building a global CAR-T point-of-care network We signed an agreement with Boston-based Landmark Bio and started the technology transfer for the decentralized production of our CAR-T cell therapy candidates  a key milestone to expand our CAR-T programs beyond Europe and start clinical development in the U.S.Immunology portfolioJyseleca® (filgotinib) (JAK1) Jyseleca® is reimbursed for rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and ulcerative colitis (UC) in 22 and 20 countries respectively. Sobi 2   our distribution and commercialization partner in Eastern and Central Europe  Portugal  Greece  and the Baltic countries  launched Jyseleca® in Slovenia in both RA and UC  and in Poland in RA.Pipeline programs We dosed the first patients in the Phase 2 GALACELA study of our novel  oral  selective tyrosine kinase 2 (TYK2) inhibitor  GLPG3667  in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Recruitment in the Phase 2 study in dermatomyositis is also ongoing. We are preparing to open the first clinical centers to begin screening of patients with refractory SLE (rSLE) in the Phase 1b GALALUCA study with our CD19 CAR-T candidate  GLPG5101.Corporate updateThe Board of Directors appointed Mr. Simon Sturge as Non-Executive Independent Director by way of co-optation on 19 September 2023  replacing Dr. Mary Kerr who stepped down on 18 September 2023.On 30 October 2023  Galapagos announced that it signed a letter of intent to transfer the Jyseleca® business to Alfasigma  including the European and UK Marketing Authorizations and development activities  and approximately 400 positions in 14 European countries. Galapagos also announced that it intends to streamline its remaining operations and further build efficiencies  with an envisaged reduction of approximately 100 positions across the organization. Completion of the intended transaction is subject to customary conditions  including consultations with works councils.Financial highlights for the first nine months of 2023 (unaudited)(€ millions  except basic & diluted income/loss (-) per share)Nine months ended 30 September Change2023 2022 Product net sales 82.1 60.5 +36% Collaboration revenues 366.8 349.7 +5% Total net revenues 448.9 410.2 +9% Cost of sales (13.6) (7.9) +71% R&D expenditure (312.2) (364.1) -14% G&Aii and S&Miii expenses (182.2) (202.7) -10% Other operating income 40.1 29.5 +36% Operating loss (19.0) (135.1) Fair value adjustments and net currency exchange differences 36.2 130.9 Net other financial result 50.4 (3.4) Income taxes (13.5) (3.2) Net profit/loss (-) of the period 54.1 (10.8) Basic and diluted income/loss (-) per share (€) 0.82 (0.16) Current financial investments and cash and cash equivalents 3 811.7 (*) 4 362.1(**)(*) Starting from Q3 2023  our current financial investments and cash and cash equivalents include accrued interests (for a total of 21.7 million on 30 September 2023).(**) Excluding €4.7 million of net accrued interest income.Details of the financial results of the first nine months of 2023Total net revenues for the nine months ended 30 September 2023 was €448.9 million  compared to €410.2 million for the nine months ended 30 September 2022  and consisted of:Product net sales of Jyseleca ® in Europe for the first nine months of 2023 amounting to €82.1 million (€60.5 million in the first nine months of 2022). Collaboration revenues of €366.8 million for the first nine months of 2023  compared to €349.7 million for the first nine months of 2022.of Jyseleca in Europe for the first nine months of 2023 amounting to €82.1 million (€60.5 million in the first nine months of 2022).Collaboration revenues increased mainly due to revenue recognition related to the collaboration agreement with Gilead for the filgotinib development amounting to €186.0 million in the first nine months of 2023 compared to €166.8 million for the same period last year. This increase is primarily driven by a positive catch-up of revenue explained by a decrease in the total estimated remaining costs to complete the filgotinib development. This was a consequence of the topline results from the Phase 3 DIVERSITY trial with filgotinib in CD and our decision not to submit a Marketing Authorization Application in Europe.Our deferred income balance on 30 September 2023 includes €1.4 billion allocated to our drug discovery platform that is recognized linearly over the remaining period of our 10-year collaboration  and €0.3 billion allocated to the filgotinib development that is recognized over time until the end of the development period.Total operating loss for the nine months ended 30 September 2023 was €19.0 million  compared to total operating loss of €135.1 million for the first nine months ended 30 September 2022.Cost of sales related to Jyseleca® net sales in the first nine months of 2023 amounted to €13.6 million (€7.9 million in the first nine months of 2022).related to Jyseleca® net sales in the first nine months of 2023 amounted to €13.6 million (€7.9 million in the first nine months of 2022). R&D expenditure in the first nine months of 2023 amounted to €312.2 million  compared to €364.1 million for the first nine months of 2022. This decrease was primarily explained by lower personnel costs due to lower bonuses and cost of subscription right plans  lower external outsourcing costs and lower depreciation costs. This decrease in depreciation costs was primarily due to an impairment recorded in the first nine months of 2022 of €26.7 million of previously capitalized upfront fees related to our collaboration with Molecure on the dual chitinase inhibitor OATD-01 (GLPG4716).in the first nine months of 2023 amounted to €312.2 million  compared to €364.1 million for the first nine months of 2022. This decrease was primarily explained by lower personnel costs due to lower bonuses and cost of subscription right plans  lower external outsourcing costs and lower depreciation costs. This decrease in depreciation costs was primarily due to an impairment recorded in the first nine months of 2022 of €26.7 million of previously capitalized upfront fees related to our collaboration with Molecure on the dual chitinase inhibitor OATD-01 (GLPG4716). S&M and G&A expenses amounted to €182.2 million in the first nine months of 2023  compared to €202.7 million in the first nine months of 2022. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in personnel costs and agency deliverables.amounted to €182.2 million in the first nine months of 2023  compared to €202.7 million in the first nine months of 2022. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in personnel costs and agency deliverables. Other operating income amounted to €40.1 million in the first nine months of 2023  compared to €29.5 million for the same period last year  mainly due to higher grant income.Net financial income in the first nine months of 2023 amounted to €86.6 million  compared to net financial income of €127.5 million for the first nine months of 2022.Fair value adjustments and net currency exchange gains in the first nine months of 2023 amounted to €36.2 million  compared to fair value adjustments and net currency exchange gains of €130.9 million for the first nine months of 2022  and were primarily attributable to €33.7 million of positive changes in fair value of current financial investments (compared to 26.0 million for the first nine months of 2022)  and €3.5 million of unrealized currency exchange gains on our cash and cash equivalents and current financial investments at amortized cost in U.S. dollars (compared to €102.1 million for the first nine months of 2022) .in the first nine months of 2023 amounted to €36.2 million  compared to fair value adjustments and net currency exchange gains of €130.9 million for the first nine months of 2022  and were primarily attributable to €33.7 million of positive changes in fair value of current financial investments (compared to 26.0 million for the first nine months of 2022)  and €3.5 million of unrealized currency exchange gains on our cash and cash equivalents and current financial investments at amortized cost in U.S. dollars (compared to €102.1 million for the first nine months of 2022) Net other financial income in the first nine months of 2023 amounted to €50.4 million  compared to net other financial expenses of €3.4 million for the first nine months of 2022  and was primarily attributable to €54.6 million of interest income  which increased significantly due to the increase in interest rates.We reported a group net profit for the first nine months of 2023 of €54.1 million  compared to a group net loss of €10.8 million for the first nine months of 2022.Cash positionCurrent financial investments and cash and cash equivalents totaled €3 811.7 million on 30 September 2023  as compared to €4 094.1 million on 31 December 2022 (excluding €9.9 million of net accrued interest income).Total net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and current financial investments amounted to €282.4 million during the first nine months of 2023  compared to a net decrease of €341.1 million during the first nine months of 2022. This net decrease was composed of (i) €343.8 million of operational cash burn  offset by (ii) €3.5 million of positive exchange rate differences  (iii) €1.8 million of cash proceeds from capital and share premium increase from exercise of subscription rights in the first nine months of 2023  (iv) €24.5 million positive changes in fair value of current financial investments and (v) €20.2 million of accrued interest income on term deposits and €11.4 million accrued interest income on treasury bills.Outlook 2023Financial outlookWe reiterate our full year 2023 net sales guidance for Jyseleca® of €100-€120 million and full year 2023 cash burn guidance in the range of €380-€420 million.R&D outlookOncology pipeline We expect to include the first patient in the PAPILIO-1 Phase 1/2 study evaluating the feasibility  safety  and efficacy of our point-of-care manufactured BCMA CAR-T candidate  GLPG5301  in relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma (rrMM) in the coming weeks. The study will be conducted in centers across Europe. Three abstracts on our CAR-T portfolio in hemato-oncology have been selected for poster presentations at the 65 th Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting and exposition conference taking place on 9-12 December in San Diego  California (see details below). The two presentations on EUPLAGIA-1 and ATALANTA-1 will include more recent data updates and additional data not found in the ASH abstracts. One presentation will outline the clinical study design of the PAPILIO-1 Phase 1/2 study. Following the point-of-care manufacturing agreement with Boston-based Landmark Bio  we expect to submit an Investigational New Drug Application in the U.S. to start clinical development with our CD19 CAR-T programs in the first half of 2024.Immunology portfolio Pending approval of the Clinical Trial Application submitted in the European Union for our CD19 CAR-T candidate  GLPG5101  in patients with rSLE  we expect to open the first clinical centers and begin screening patients with rSLE in early 2024.Business developmentWe will continue to extensively evaluate various product candidates and business development opportunities to further leverage our internal capabilities and accelerate and expand our product portfolio.Conference call and webcast presentationWe will host a conference call and webcast presentation tomorrow 3 November 2023  at 13:00 CET / 8:00 am ET. To participate in the conference call  please register in advance using this link  after which the dial-in numbers will be provided. The conference call can be accessed 10 minutes prior to the start by using the conference access information provided in the email after registration  or by selecting the “call me” feature. The live webcast is available on glpg.com or via the following link. The archived webcast will be available for replay shortly after the close of the call on the investor section of the website.ASH presentation detailsAbstract Title Authors Presentation details Seven-day Vein-to-Vein Point-of-Care Manufactured CD19 CAR T Cells (GLPG5201) in Relapsed/Refractory CLL/SLL including Richter’s Transformation: Results from the Phase 1 Euplagia-1 Trial Natalia Tovar   Valentin Ortiz-Maldonado  Nuria Martinez-Cibrian  Sergi Betriu  Daniel Esteban  Ana Triguero  Nadia Verbruggen  Anna D.D. van Muyden  Maike Spoon  Margot J. Pont AbstractPoster Number: 2112Date: 9 Dec 2023  5:30–7:30 pmSession: Cellular Immunotherapies: Early Phase and Investigational Therapies: Poster I Seven-day Vein-to-Vein Point-of-Care Manufactured CD19 CAR T Cells (GLPG5101) in Relapsed/Refractory NHL: Results from the Phase 1 Atalanta-1 Trial Marie José Kersten   Kirsten Saevels  Sophie Servais  Yves Beguin  Joost Vermaat  Nadia Verbruggen  Anna DD Van Muyden  Margot J Pont  Maria T Kuipers  Sébastien Anguille AbstractPoster Number: 2113Date: 9 Dec 2023  5:30–7:30 pmSession: Cellular Immunotherapies: Early Phase and Investigational Therapies: Poster I Rationale for and Design of Papilio-1: a Phase 1/2  Multicenter  Open-Label Study to Evaluate the Feasibility  Safety  and Efficacy of Point-of-Care–Manufactured Anti–B-Cell Maturation Antigen Chimeric Antigen Receptor T Cells (GLPG5301) in Relapsed/Refractory Multiple Myeloma Niels van der Donk   Sebastien Anguille  Jo Caers  Marte C. Liefaard  Christian Jacques  Anna D.D. van Muyden AbstractPoster Number: 4859Date: 11 Dec 2023  6:00–8:00 pmSession: Cellular Immunotherapies: Early Phase and Investigational Therapies: Poster IIIFinancial calendar 202422 February 202428 March 202430 April 20242 May 20241 August 202430 October 2024 Full year 2023 resultsAnnual report 2023Annual Shareholders’ MeetingFirst quarter 2024 resultsHalf-year 2024 resultsThird quarter 2024 results (webcast 23 February 2024)(webcast 3 May 2024)(webcast 2 August 2024)(webcast 31 October 2024)About GalapagosWe are a global biotechnology company with operations in Europe and the US dedicated to developing transformational medicines for more years of life and quality of life. Focusing on high unmet medical needs  we synergize the most compelling science  technology  and collaborative approaches to create a deep pipeline of best-in-class small molecules  CAR-T therapies  and biologics in oncology and immunology. With capabilities from lab to patient  including a decentralized  point-of-care CAR-T manufacturing network  we are committed to challenging the status quo and delivering results for our patients  employees and shareholders. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or X (formerly Twitter ) .Jyseleca® is a trademark of Galapagos NV and Gilead Sciences  Inc. or its related companies. Except for filgotinib’s approval as Jyseleca® for the treatment of moderate to severe active RA and UC by the relevant regulatory authorities in the European Union  Great Britain  and Japan  our drug candidates are investigational; their efficacy and safety have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.ContactMedia inquiries:Marieke Vermeersch+32 479 490 603media@glpg.com Investor inquiries:Sofie Van Gijsel+1 781 296 1143ir@glpg.comSandra Cauwenberghsir@glpg.comForward-looking statementsThis release may contain forward-looking statements  all of which involve certain risks and uncertainties. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “anticipate ” “on track ” “expect  ” “encouraging ” “expand ” “advance ” “plan ” “estimate ” “will ” “continue ” “aim ” “intend ” “future ” “guidance ” “outlook ”  ”indicate”  “forward ” as well as similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this release include  but are not limited to  statements made in the sections captioned “Third quarter 2023 performance and recent business update” and “Outlook 2023”  the guidance from management regarding our expected operational use of cash and estimated peak sales for Jyseleca® during the financial year 2023  statements related to the contemplated transaction between Galapagos and Alfasigma and the planned reduction in force  statements regarding our strategic and capital allocation priorities  including progress on our immunology or oncology portfolio  our CAR-T-portfolio and our SIKi-portfolio  and potential changes of such plans  statements regarding our pipeline and complementary technology platforms facilitating future growth  statements regarding our regulatory and R&D outlook  statements regarding the expected timing  design and readouts of ongoing and planned clinical trials  including but not limited to (i) filgotinib in juvenile arthritis  (ii) GLPG5101 in rrNHL and rSLE  (iii) GLPG5201 in rrCLL  and (iv) GLPG5301 in rrMM  statements regarding our commercialization efforts for filgotinib  our product candidates  and any of our future approved products  if any  statements regarding our expectations on commercial sales of filgotinib and any of our product candidates (if approved)  statements related to the timing for submission of an Investigational New Drug application and the clinical development of our CAR-T program in the United States  and statements related to our portfolio goals and business plans. Any forward-looking statements in this release are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which might cause our actual results  financial condition and liquidity  performance or achievements to be materially different from any historic or future results  financial conditions and liquidity  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks include  but are not limited to  the risk that our expectations regarding our 2023 revenues  operating expenses  cash burn and other financial estimates may be incorrect (including because one or more of our assumptions underlying our revenue and expense expectations may not be realized)  the risk that ongoing and future clinical trials may not be completed in the currently envisaged timelines or at all  the inherent risks and uncertainties associated with competitive developments  clinical trials  recruitment of patients  product development activities and regulatory approval requirements (including the risk that data from our ongoing and planned clinical research programs in RA  UC  DM  SLE  AxSpA  refractory/relapsed NHL  rrCLL  rrSLL  rrMM and other immunologic indications or any other indications or diseases  may not support registration or further development of our product candidates due to safety or efficacy concerns or other reasons)  risks related to the acquisitions of CellPoint and AboundBio  including the risk that we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions of CellPoint and AboundBio  the inherent risks and uncertainties associated with target discovery and validation and drug discovery and development activities  the risk that the preliminary and topline data from the OLINGUITO  ATALANTA-1  EUPLAGIA-1  GALARISSO  TORTUGA  PAPILIO-1  GALALUCA and GALACELA-studies may not be reflective of the final data  risks related to our reliance on collaborations with third parties (including  but not limited to  our collaboration partners Gilead and Lonza)  risks related to the implementation of the transition of the European commercialization responsibility of filgotinib from Gilead to us  including the transfer of the supply chain  and the risk that the transition will not have the currently expected results for our business and results of operations  the risk that our plans with respect to CAR-T may not be achieved on the currently anticipated timeline or at all  the risk that our estimates of the commercial potential of our product candidates or expectations regarding the costs and revenues associated with the commercialization rights may be inaccurate  the risk that we will not be able to continue to execute on our currently contemplated business plan and/or will revise our business plan  the risks related to our strategic transformation  including the risk that we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of such exercise on the currently envisaged timeline or at all  the risk that we will encounter challenges retaining or attracting talent  risks related to potential disruptions in our operations  the risk that the EMA may impose JAK class-based warnings  and the risk that the EMA’s safety review may negatively impact acceptance of filgotinib by patients  the medical community  and healthcare payors  the risk that regulatory authorities may require additional post-approval trials of filgotinib or any other product candidates that are approved in the future. A further discussion of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in our filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  including in our most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC and other filings and reports filed with the SEC. Given these risks and uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. In addition  even if our results  performance  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which we operate are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this release. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this release unless required by law or regulation.i The operational cash burn (or operational cash flow if this liquidity measure is positive) is equal to the increase or decrease in our cash and cash equivalents (excluding the effect of exchange rate differences on cash and cash equivalents)  minus:the net proceeds  if any  from share capital and share premium increases included in the net cash flows generated from/used in (-) financing activitiesthe net proceeds or cash used  if any  in acquisitions or disposals of businesses; the movement in restricted cash and movement in current financial investments  if any  the cash advances and loans given to third parties  if any  included in the net cash flows generated from/used in (-) investing activitiesthe cash used for other liabilities related to the acquisition of businesses  if any  included in the net cash flows generated from/used in (-) operating activities.This alternative liquidity measure is in our view an important metric for a biotech company in the development stage. The operational cash burn for the nine months ended 30 September 2023 amounted to €343.8 million and can be reconciled to our cash flow statement by considering the decrease in cash and cash equivalents of €348.1 million  adjusted by (i) the cash proceeds from capital and share premium increase from the exercise of subscription rights by employees for €1.8 million  and (ii) the net purchase of current financial investments amounting to €6.1 million.ii General and administrativeiii Sales and marketingAddendumConsolidated statements of income and comprehensive income/loss (-) (unaudited)Consolidated income statementNine months ended30 September (thousands of €  except per share data) 2023 2022 Product net sales 82 075 60 491 Collaboration revenues 366 773 349 669 Total net revenues 448 848 410 160 Cost of sales (13 540) (7 938) Research and development expenditure (312 180) (364 067) Sales and marketing expenses (88 147) (105 313) General and administrative expenses (94 022) (97 373) Other operating income 40 086 29 474 Operating loss (18 954) (135 056) Fair value adjustments and net currency exchange differences 36 247 130 900 Other financial income 55 122 9 675 Other financial expenses (4 767) (13 074) Profit/loss (-) before tax 67 648 (7 555) Income taxes (13 510) (3 229) Net profit/loss (-) 54 138 (10 784) Net profit/loss (-) attributable to: Owners of the parent 54 138 (10 784) Basic and diluted income/loss (-) per share 0.82 (0.16)Consolidated statement of comprehensive income/loss (–)Nine months ended30 September (thousands of €) 2023 2022 Net profit/loss (-) 54 138 (10 784) Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: Translation differences  arisen from translating foreign activities 318 (7) Other comprehensive income/loss (-)  net of income tax 318 (7) Total comprehensive income/loss (-) attributable to: Owners of the parent 54 456 (10 791)Consolidated statements of financial position (unaudited)30 September 31 December (thousands of €) 2023 2022 Assets Goodwill 69 863 69 813 Intangible assets other than goodwill 132 313 146 354 Property  plant and equipment 136 803 154 252 Deferred tax assets 1 232 1 363 Non-current R&D incentives receivables 138 121 119 941 Other non-current assets 16 911 5 778 Non-current assets 495 244 497 501 Inventories 55 605 52 925 Trade and other receivables 46 918 40 429 Current R&D incentives receivables 26 126 26 126 Current financial investments 3 652 333 3 585 945 Cash and cash equivalents 159 375 508 117 Other current assets 15 735 23 307 Current assets 3 956 092 4 236 850 Total assets 4 451 336 4 734 351 Equity and liabilities Share capital 293 937 293 604 Share premium account 2 736 993 2 735 557 Other reserves (4 932) (4 853) Translation differences (1 196) (1 593) Accumulated losses (403 242) (496 689) Total equity 2 621 560 2 526 026 Retirement benefit liabilities 2 408 5 540 Deferred tax liabilities 25 325 20 148 Non-current lease liabilities 8 469 14 692 Other non-current liabilities 31 449 21 808 Non-current deferred income 1 318 090 1 623 599 Non-current liabilities 1 385 741 1 685 787 Current lease liabilities 5 678 7 209 Trade and other liabilities 121 129 148 675 Current tax payable 1 764 1 022 Current deferred income 315 465 365 631 Current liabilities 444 036 522 538 Total liabilities 1 829 776 2 208 325 Total equity and liabilities 4 451 336 4 734 351Consolidated cash flow statements (unaudited)Nine months ended30 September (thousands of €) 2023 2022 Net profit/loss (-) of the period 54 138 (10 784) Adjustment for non-cash transactions 44 344 (25 707) Adjustment for items to disclose separately under operating cash flow (40 165) 1 599 Adjustment for items to disclose under investing and financing cash flows (11 809) (1 700)Change in working capital other than deferred income (50 329) 57 472 Cash used for other liabilities related to the acquisition of subsidiaries - (11 080) Decrease in deferred income (359 259) (318 167) Cash used in operations (363 081) (308 367) Interest paid (3 729) (10 940) Interest received 35 063 2 262 Corporate taxes paid (7 357) (3 637) Net cash flows used in operating activities (339 104) (320 682) Purchase of property  plant and equipment (11 073) (19 808) Purchase of and expenditure in intangible fixed assets (222) (9 308) Proceeds from disposal of property  plant and equipment 2 304 719 Purchase of current financial investments (2 615 112) (2 505 688) Investment income received related to current financial investments 9 857 1 181 Sale of current financial investments 2 609 023 1 394 549 Cash out from acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired - (115 270) Cash advances and loans to third parties - (10 000) Net cash flows used in investing activities (5 222) (1 263 625) Payment of lease liabilities (5 580) (6 263) Proceeds from capital and share premium increases from exercise of subscription rights 1 770 6 695 Net cash flows generated from/used in (-) financing activities (3 810) 432 Decrease in cash and cash equivalents (348 136) (1 583 875) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 508 117 2 233 368 Decrease in cash and cash equivalents (348 136) (1 583 875) Effect of exchange rate differences on cash and cash equivalents (607) 26 026 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 159 375 675 51930 September (thousands of €) 2023 2022 Current financial investments 3 652 333 3 686 557 Cash and cash equivalents 159 375 675 519 Current financial investments and cash and cash equivalents 3 811 708 4 362 076Consolidated statements of changes in equity (unaudited)(thousands of €) Share capital Share premium account Translation differences Other reserves Accumulated losses Total On 1 January 2022 292 075 2 730 391 (1 722) (10 177) (367 205) 2 643 362 Net loss (10 784) (10 784) Other comprehensive income/loss (-) 676 (683) (7) Total comprehensive income/loss (-) 676 (683) (10 784) (10 791) Share-based compensation 51 085 51 085 Exercise of subscription rights 1 530 5 165 6 695 On 30 September 2022 293 604 2 735 557 (1 046) (10 860) (326 905) 2 690 351 On 1 January 2023 293 604 2 735 557 (1 593) (4 853) (496 689) 2 526 026 Net profit 54 138 54 138 Other comprehensive income/loss (-) 397 (79) 318 Total comprehensive income/loss (-) 397 (79) 54 138 54 456 Share-based compensation 39 308 39 308 Exercise of subscription rights 333 1 437 1 770 On 30 September 2023 293 937 2 736 993 (1 196) (4 932) (403 242) 2 621 5601 Throughout this press release  ‘Dr. Paul Stoffels’ should be read as ‘Dr. Paul Stoffels  acting via Stoffels IMC BV’2 Swedish Orphan Biovitrum ABAttachment,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,positive,0.75,0.22,0.03,True,English,"['third quarter 2023 results', 'new encouraging data', 'CAR-T studies', 'Galapagos', 'presentation', 'ASH 2023', 'Advanced novel, oral, selective tyrosine kinase inhibitor', 'U.S.-based Landmark Bio', 'First nine months 2023 key financials', 'ongoing CAR-T Phase 1/2 studies', 'ongoing Phase 1/2 studies', 'relapsed/refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia', 'high unmet patient needs', 'refractory systemic lupus erythematosus', 'small molecules clinical pipeline', 'Boston-based Landmark Bio', 'Phase 1 dose-finding part', 'UK Marketing Authorizations', 'higher dose level', 'cytokine release syndrome', 'cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome', 'Mr. Simon Sturge', 'Non-Executive Independent Director', 'Dr. Paul Stoffels', 'strategic evaluation exercise', 'Phase 1b study', 'fresh CAR-T products', 'CD 19 CAR-T candidate', 'Phase 2 dose expansion', 'R&D pipeline', 'CD19 CAR-T candidate', 'current financial investments', 'cash burn guidance', 'Objective Response Rate', 'date business update', 'solid cash position', 'recent business update', 'poster presentation details', 'acceptable safety profile', 'Jyseleca® net sales', 'Jyseleca® sales guidance', 'Jyseleca® strategic evaluation', 'CD19 CAR-T programs', 'Third quarter 2023 performance', 'New encouraging data', 'New preliminary data', 'upcoming ASH conference', 'first patient', 'Phase 2 study', 'key milestone', 'clinical development', 'CAR-T candidates', 'new data', 'Oncology pipeline', 'Jyseleca® business', 'filgotinib) business', 'Complete Response', 'Webcast presentation', 'geographical expansion', 'Immunology pipeline', 'financial results', 'additional data', 'data package', 'data cut-off', 'Group revenues', 'development activities', 'Hodgkin lymphoma', 'immune effector', 'important milestone', 'care network', 'decentralized production', 'Boston area', 'regulated information', 'broad range', 'B-cell malignancies', 'median vein', 'vein time', 'seven days', 'unique point', 'care model', 'Thad Huston', 'major step', 'transformational medicines', 'Oncology portfolio', 'ASH abstract', 'efficacy results', 'Full year', '14 European countries', 'Manufacturing agreement', 'good progress', 'Galapagos NV', '30 September', 'Letter', 'Intent', 'Alfasigma', '400 positions', 'rrCLL', 'rrNHL', '6 patients', 'treatment', 'ORR', 'CRR', '12 patients', '7 patients', 'Richter', 'GLPG5201', 'CRS', 'Grade', 'ICANS', 'GLPG5101', '13 patients', 'GLPG3667', 'Board', 'Directors', '13:00 CET', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', '2 November', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'outlook', 'remainder', 'December', 'potential', 'survival', 'platform', 'start', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'initiation', 'CFO', 'COO', 'transfer', 'transaction', 'organization', 'resources', 'EUPLAGIA-1-study', 'preparations', '26 April', '11', '8:00']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,globenewswire.com
32219,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/6793849074151869,Technip Energies Financial Results for the First Nine Months of 2023,9M 2023 Adj. revenues of &#x20AC;4.4Bn and Adj. recurring EBIT margin of 7.2%; confirming FY 2023 guidance     Strong strategic positioning and commercial success support TPS growth outlook     Increased LNG and low-carbon front-end engagement and comm...,Technip Energies Financial Results for the First Nine Months of 20239M 2023 Adj. revenues of €4.4Bn and Adj. recurring EBIT margin of 7.2%; confirming FY 2023 guidanceStrong strategic positioning and commercial success support TPS growth outlookIncreased LNG and low-carbon front-end engagement and commercial pipelineSuccessful worldwide capital increase for employees; new shares represent 1% of issued share capitalRegulatory News:Technip Energies (the “Company”) (Paris:TE)  a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  today announces its unaudited financial results for the first nine months of 2023.Arnaud Pieton  Chief Executive Officer of Technip Energies  commented:“Our solid results year-to-date reflect our teams’ relentless focus on execution and reconfirm our full-year outlook. The third quarter marks an inflection for Project Delivery as revenues improved sequentially and margins remained high. In Technology  Products & Services (TPS)  topline growth is robust with the segment consistently contributing more than 30% of group revenues year-to-date. Commercial momentum was sustained in TPS with order intake benefiting from a hydrogen production unit for a biorefinery and other important services contracts in renewable fuels and green hydrogen.”“The strategic development of TPS remains a core focus and we continue to collaborate with important partners on innovation  technology scale-up and integration. During the quarter  several partnerships were announced in sustainable aviation fuels  chemicals and circular plastic waste technologies. In addition  we broke ground on a pilot plant in Frankfurt  Germany to demonstrate - at scale - textile chemical recycling technology to produce recycled PET (rPET). These developments  combined with other ongoing and planned initiatives  support the longer-term growth outlook for the TPS segment .”“In September  we successfully concluded our first global employee shareholding operation. The offering was significantly oversubscribed and we now have 33% of our employees as shareholders . This demonstrates the confidence of our people in Technip Energies’ strategy and long-term value creation potential.”“Our sustainability journey continues to be recognized by ESG agencies through ratings improvements that place Technip Energies in the top tiers of our industry grouping . We have an ambitious ESG roadmap and are committed to continuous improvement on our sustainability path.”“Turning to market outlook  in LNG  we are engaged on a significant number of prospects across North America  Africa and the Middle East and see good potential to selectively secure additional orders  including low-carbon LNG  over the next 12-24 months.”“Beyond LNG  energy and other industries are demonstrating real appetite and commitment to decarbonize and adopt cleaner solutions. For T.EN  this is evidenced by notable advances in front-end engagement and commercial pipeline across several growth areas  including carbon capture  low carbon hydrogen and sustainable fuels. As a result  our customer reach is expanding well beyond traditional energy customers as our skills and talents are needed to deliver on net zero goals across industries. This supports future backlog growth - in Project Delivery and TPS - and positions T.EN as a pivotal player for the energy transition.”Key financials – adjusted IFRS(In € millions  except EPS and %) 9M 2023 9M 2022 Revenue 4 407.4 4 862.2 Recurring EBIT 318.6 335.9 Recurring EBIT margin % 7.2% 6.9% Net profit 207.3 222.9 Diluted earnings per share (1) €1.15 €1.25 Order intake 9 507.9 2 726.6 Backlog 18 029.9 13 500.9 Financial information is presented under adjusted IFRS (see Appendix 8.0 for complete definition). Reconciliation of IFRS to non-IFRS financial measures are provided in appendices. (1) 9M 2023 and 9M 2022 diluted earnings per share have been calculated using the weighted average number of outstanding shares of 179 935 170 and 178 668 195 respectively.Key financials – IFRS(In € millions  except EPS) 9M 2023 9M 2022 Revenue 4 367.5 4 786.2 Net profit 210.5 204.1 Diluted earnings per share (1) €1.17 €1.14 (1) 9M 2023 and 9M 2022 diluted earnings per share have been calculated using the weighted average number of outstanding shares of 179 935 170 and 178 668 195 respectively.2023 full company guidance – adjusted IFRSRevenue €5.7 – 6.2 billion Recurring EBIT margin 7.0% – 7.5% Effective tax rate 26% – 30% Financial information is presented under adjusted IFRS (see Appendix 8.0 for complete definition). Reconciliation of IFRS to non-IFRS financial measures are provided in appendices.Conference call informationTechnip Energies will host its 9M 2023 results conference call and webcast on Thursday  November 2  2023 at 13:00 CET. Dial-in details:France: +33 1 70 91 87 04United Kingdom: +44 1 121 281 8004United States: +1 718 7058796Conference Code: 880901The event will be webcast simultaneously and can be accessed at: T.EN 9M 2023 WebcastAbout Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in LNG  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO 2 management. The Company benefits from its robust Project Delivery model supported by an extensive Technology  Products and Services offering.Operating in 35 countries  our 15 000 people are fully committed to bringing our clients’ innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies shares are listed on Euronext Paris. In addition  Technip Energies has a Level 1 sponsored American Depositary Receipts (“ADR”) program  with its ADRs trading over-the-counter.For further information: www.ten.com .Operational and financial reviewOrder intake  backlog and backlog schedulingAdjusted order intake for 9M 2023 amounted to €9 508 million  equivalent to a book-to-bill of 2.2. Adjusted order intake in the third quarter amounted to €548 million  which included a significant contract for hydrogen production unit at bp’s Kwinana biorefinery in Australia  two EPsCm contracts for an advanced biofuels unit and a green hydrogen unit for Galp in its Sines refinery in Portugal as well as other studies  services contracts and smaller projects.The first half included a major LNG contract for the North Field South Project by QatarEnergy  a significant ethylene proprietary equipment contract for QatarEnergy and CPChem’s Ras Laffan petrochemicals complex in Qatar  a significant contract for the electric-driven Xi’An LNG project in China  a carbon capture FEED for Vestforbrænding’s waste-to-energy plant in Denmark  a FEED for Calpine’s carbon capture project in Texas  US  a FEED for the world’s largest low-carbon hydrogen project at ExxonMobil’s Baytown facility in Texas  US  a PMC contract with Aramco for the master planning of Ras Al Khair  a new industrial city in Saudi Arabia  as well as other studies  services contracts and smaller projects.Adjusted backlog increased by 34% year-over-year to €18.0 billion  equivalent to 2.8x 2022 full year revenue.(In € millions) 9M 2023 9M 2022 Adjusted order intake 9 507.9 2 726.6 Project Delivery 8 133.7 1 235.7 Technology  Products & Services 1 374.2 1 490.9 Adjusted backlog 18 029.9 13 500.9 Project Delivery 15 942.4 11 704.2 Technology  Products & Services 2 087.5 1 796.6 Reconciliation of IFRS to non-IFRS financial measures are provided in appendices. Adjusted backlog at September 30  2023  has been impacted by foreign exchange of €(39.3) million.The table below provides estimated backlog scheduling as of September 30  2023.(In € millions) 2023 (3M) FY 2024 FY 2025+ Adjusted backlog 1 450.8 4 923.0 11 656.0Company financial performanceAdjusted statement of income(In € millions  except %) 9M 2023 9M 2022 % Change Adjusted revenue 4 407.4 4 862.2 (9)% Adjusted EBITDA 390.6 415.9 (6)% Adjusted recurring EBIT 318.6 335.9 (5)% Non-recurring items (42.0) (2.8) N/A EBIT 276.6 333.1 (17)% Financial income (expense)  net 60.2 (7.2) N/A Profit (loss) before income tax 336.8 325.9 3% Income tax (expense) profit (101.3) (97.6) 4% Net profit (loss) 235.5 228.3 3% Net (profit) loss attributable to non-controlling interests (28.2) (5.4) N/A Net profit (loss) attributable to Technip Energies Group 207.3 222.9 (7)%Business highlightsProject Delivery – adjusted IFRS(In € millions  except % and bps) 9M 2023 9M 2022 % Change Revenue 2 977.8 3 895.6 (24)% Recurring EBIT 231.7 279.2 (17)% Recurring EBIT margin % 7.8% 7.2% 60 bps Financial information is presented under adjusted IFRS (see Appendix 8.0 for complete definition).9M 2023 Adjusted revenue decreased by 24% year-over-year to €2 977.8 million. The continued ramp-up of activity on Qatar NFE and strong volumes in downstream projects  including ethylene  were more than offset by significantly lower revenue contribution from LNG projects in Russia following the completion of the warranty phase on Yamal LNG in 2022 and the exit from Arctic LNG 2.9M 2023 Adjusted recurring EBIT decreased by 17% year-over-year to €231.7 million. 9M 2023 Adjusted recurring EBIT margin increased year-over-year by 60 bps to 7.8%  due to strong performance on late stage LNG and downstream projects.Q3 2023 Key operational milestones(Please refer to Q1 2023 and H1 2023 press releases for first half milestones)Qatar Energy North Field Expansion (Qatar)Mobilization ramping up on site. More than 70 million manhours worked.Qatar Energy North Field South (Qatar)Detail design started; first equipment purchased.ENI Coral Sul FLNG (Mozambique)Provisional Acceptance Certificate received.Energean Karish Gas Development (Israel)Practical Completion Certificate received.MIDOR Refinery Expansion (Egypt)Hydrogen unit  new integrated crude and vacuum distillation units and sour water stripping unit started-up. New diesel hydrotreater unit commissioned.Assiut Hydrocracking Complex (Egypt)Heavy lifting of the first and second stage hydrocracking reactors completed.Long Son Olefins plant (Vietnam)Plant Commissioning works on goingTechnology  Products & Services (TPS) – adjusted IFRS(In € millions  except % and bps) 9M 2023 9M 2022 Change Revenue 1 429.6 966.6 48% Recurring EBIT 138.1 88.9 55% Recurring EBIT margin % 9.7% 9.2% 50 bps Financial information is presented under adjusted IFRS (see Appendix 8.0 for complete definition).9M 2023 Adjusted revenue increased year-over-year by 48% to €1 429.6 million  resulting from higher technology and proprietary equipment volumes  notably for ethylene projects  as well as services revenues in sustainable fuels  and high engineering services activity  including strong momentum in pre-FEED and FEED work across various energy transition domains.9M 2023 Adjusted recurring EBIT increased year-over-year by 55% to €138.1 million. 9M 2023 Adjusted recurring EBIT margin increased year-over-year by 50 bps to 9.7%  benefiting from the strong growth in Process Technology licensing and proprietary equipment  as well as high volumes of early engagement and services  including consulting activities.Q3 2023 Key operational milestones(Please refer to Q1 2023 and H1 2023 press releases for first half milestones)ExxonMobil LaBarge CCS Expansion (USA)Mechanical equipment and modules delivery to site started. Site civil works in progress.ExxonMobil Baytown FEED (USA)FEED for low-carbon hydrogen production facility on-going.Neste Renewable Products Refinery Expansion - Capacity Growth Project  Rotterdam (Netherlands)Civil works progressing  structural steel and storage tanks erection and piping pre-fabrication started.Arcadia eFuels ENDOR FEED (Denmark)Soil investigation completed and overall plot plan issued.Ÿnfarm Ynsect Project (France)Acceptance certificate achieved for all units.Pilot projects for Canopy by T.EN (Canada)Successful Final Acceptance Tests and shipments of pilot plants to site for two CCUS developments in the mining and cement sectors.Q3 2023 Key commercial and strategic highlights(Please refer to Q1 2023 and H1 2023 press releases for first half highlights)bp hydrogen production unit at Kwinana biorefinery (Australia)Technip Energies awarded a significant 1 contract by bp for a hydrogen production unit at its Kwinana biorefinery in Western Australia  in support of the planned project to produce sustainable aviation fuel and biodiesel from bio feedstocks. The contract covers Engineering  Procurement and Fabrication of a modularized hydrogen production unit with a capacity of 33 000 normal m 3 /hour  using Technip Energies’ SMR proprietary technology. Hydrogen is used for the conversion of bio feedstocks into biofuels such as SAF and biodiesel. The unit will be capable of producing hydrogen from either natural gas or biogas produced by the Kwinana biorefinery.1 A “significant” award for Technip Energies is a contract award representing revenue between €50 million and €250 million.EPsCm for advanced biofuels unit and green hydrogen unit by Galp at Sines Refinery (Portugal)Technip Energies awarded Engineering  Procurement Services and Construction Management (EPsCm) contracts by Galp for an advanced biofuels unit and a green hydrogen unit for its Sines refinery in Portugal. The Advanced Biofuels Unit  will have a 270 ktpa capacity and will produce renewable diesel and sustainable aviation fuel from bio-feedstock and waste residues and will allow Galp to avoid c. 800 ktpa of greenhouse gas emissions. The Green Hydrogen Unit  composed of a 100 MW electrolysis plant  will produce up to 15 ktpa of renewable hydrogen  using proton exchange membrane (PEM) electrolyzers. This unit will allow the replacement of c. 20% of the existing grey hydrogen consumption of Sines refinery and will lead to greenhouse gas emissions reduction of c. 110 ktpa.Launch of SnapLNG by T.EN™  an innovative modular and standardized solution for low-carbon and accelerated time to market LNG productionT.EN announced SnapLNG by T.EN™  an innovative modular  pre-engineered and standardized solution for decarbonized LNG production and accelerated time to market with unparalleled certainty and plant reliability. SnapLNG by T.EN™ is a 2.5 Mtpa electrically driven LNG train solution comprised of reproducible modules ready for delivery and installation. These modules operate autonomously and are pre-commissioned  for the delivery of a complete natural gas liquefaction plant  accelerating time to market and saving more than two years on total project duration compared to a conventional project. The advanced design of SnapLNG by T.EN™ offers an unprecedented certainty in cost execution  delivery schedule  plant reliability and availability as well as production performance for a significant increase in annual revenues and a reduction of ~350kTe/year of CO 2 emission per train versus a gas turbine solution.Collaboration between Technip Energies and LanzaJet to accelerate the global deployment of SAFThis alliance integrates the companies’ technologies and leverages combined global capabilities to engineer  develop  and deliver sustainable aviation fuel projects. The agreement strengthens their exclusive collaboration to support the global deployment of the LanzaJet® Alcohol-to-Jet (ATJ) Process technology. LanzaJet will continue to integrate the Technip Energies’ Hummingbird ® Technology for converting ethanol to ethylene into the overall LanzaJet ATJ Process to produce sustainable aviation fuel. Importantly  this expanded alliance leverages the combined strengths of the companies to support customers through the engineering  development  and construction of projects resulting in a global capability to deploy this industry-leading SAF technology solution at pace.Collaboration between Technip Energies and LanzaTech on CO 2 -to-ethylene technologyTechnip Energies and LanzaTech Global  Inc. signed a Joint Collaboration Agreement to create a new pathway to sustainable ethylene utilizing their combined technologies. Together  LanzaTech’s carbon capture and utilization technology with Technip Energies’ Hummingbird ® technology transform waste carbon into ethylene  the most common building block in petrochemicals. This new joint process uses carbon emissions as the starting point rather than virgin fossil carbon. First  up to 95% of the CO 2 in the flue gas is captured from the furnaces of an ethylene cracker and mixed with hydrogen. Next LanzaTech’s biorecycling technology transforms the captured waste carbon into ethanol. Finally  Technip Energies’ Hummingbird ® technology dehydrates the ethanol to ethylene.Inclusion of Casale’s ATR technology to Blue H 2 by T.EN™ suite to deliver large-capacity hydrogen solutions with up to 99% carbon capture rateTechnip Energies  in partnership with Casale  adds Advanced Auto Thermal Reforming (ATR) technology to Blue H 2 by T.EN™  its unique suite of fully-integrated  low-carbon hydrogen solutions. It is part of Capture.Now™  T.EN’s strategic platform for CCUS delivering technology and solutions from a single provider tailored to meet clients’ specific decarbonization and performance needs. Launched by Technip Energies in 2022  BlueH 2 by T.EN™ is a suite of fully integrated  cost-efficient and low-carbon hydrogen solutions. As a global leader in hydrogen  Technip Energies has recently added oxidative reforming-based technologies in partnership with Casale to its extensive range of proprietary Steam Methane Reforming (SMR) technology solutions. Casale’s ATR combined with Technip Parallel Reformer (TPR ® ) and carbon capture is a cost-effective way to produce low-carbon hydrogen at large-scale with optimized steam production.Collaboration between Technip Energies and Versalis to Integrate Plastic Waste Recycling TechnologiesTechnip Energies and Versalis signed an agreement aimed at integrating Versalis' Hoop® and Technip Energies' Pure.rOil™ and Pure.rGas™ purification technologies by developing a technological platform for the advanced chemical recycling of plastic waste. This project aims to create a theoretically endless plastic recycling loop  producing new virgin polymers suitable for all applications and that are identical to polymers that come from fossil raw materials.Collaboration between Technip Energies and Enerkem on Waste-to-Biofuels and Circular Chemicals Technology DeploymentTechnip Energies and Enerkem Inc. signed a Memorandum of Understanding to enter into a Collaboration Agreement aimed at accelerating the deployment of Enerkem’s technology platform for biofuels and circular chemical products from non-recyclable waste materials. The collaboration will focus on strategic efforts to optimize design elements and industrialize the approach through the replication of Enerkem’s designs for future projects.Corporate and other itemsCorporate costs  excluding non-recurring items  were €51.2 million for the first nine months of 2023  higher than the run-rate in the first nine months of 2022 due to costs associated with the employee share offering (“ESOP 2023”)  as well as incremental costs associated with strategic projects and pre-development initiatives.Non-recurring expense amounted to €42.0 million  relating to two main factors: the settlement with the French Parquet National Financier (PNF) announced on June 27  2023  and the non-cash impact of the cumulative translation adjustment (CTA) as part of the deconsolidation of our main Russian operating entity. In addition  costs were incurred related to the Rely transaction and set up.Net financial income of €60.2 million benefited from higher rates of interest income generated from cash and cash equivalents  partially offset by interest expenses associated with the senior unsecured notes and the mark-to-market valuation impact of investments in traded securities.Effective tax rate on an adjusted IFRS basis was 30.1% for the first nine months of 2023  broadly consistent with the top-end of the 2023 guidance range of 26% - 30%. The tax rate in the first nine months is impacted by the PNF settlement. Excluding this  the underlying tax rate for the period is 27.7%.Depreciation and amortization expense was €72.0 million  of which €49.2 million is related to IFRS 16.Adjusted net cash at September 30  2023 was €2.8 billion  which compares to €3.1 billion at December 31  2022.Adjusted free cash flow was €6.6 million for the first nine months 2023. Adjusted free cash flow  excluding the working capital variance of €(349.1) million  was €355.7 million benefiting from strong operational performance and consistently high conversion from Adjusted recurring EBIT. Free cash flow is stated after capital expenditures of €32.9 million. Adjusted operating cash flow was €39.5 million.LiquidityAdjusted liquidity of €4.2 billion at September 30  2023 comprised of €3.5 billion of cash and €750 million of liquidity provided by the Company’s undrawn revolving credit facility  offset by €80 million of outstanding commercial paper. The Company’s revolving credit facility is available for general use and serves as a backstop for the Company’s commercial paper program.Credit rating informationTechnip Energies was upgraded to ‘BBB’ investment grade rating   Outlook Stable & A-2 short-term rating  affirmed as per S&P Global Research update on September 26  2023.Employee Shareholding Operation ESOP 2023On April 18  2023  Technip Energies announced the launch of ESOP 2023  an employee share offering which was extended to circa 12 000 eligible employees in 19 countries  with the objective of sharing the long-term value creation of the Company with employees.1 756 434 shares were issued on September 19  2023  representing 0.98% of issued share capital  with total proceeds from the capital increase of €29 999 892.72.This first employee offering was a success  with applications significantly exceeding the allocated envelope. More than 4 500 employees chose to subscribe to the ESOP 2023 offer  bringing the overall subscription rate to 33%.This demonstrates employee confidence and support of company strategy  and their commitment to the creation of long-term value with Technip Energies.Arctic LNG2 project exit - compliance with sanctionsTechnip Energies notes the misleading article recently published in the French media relating to the company’s involvement in the Arctic LNG2 project. As previously communicated  Technip Energies has ceased all activities in Russia and completed its orderly exit from the Arctic LNG2 project in H1 2023. Technip Energies reiterates that it has  at all times  fully complied with the applicable sanctions.Forward-looking statementsThis Press Release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Technip Energies’ (the “Company”) intentions  beliefs or current expectations and projections about the Company's future results of operations  anticipated revenues  earnings  cashflows  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  anticipated growth  strategies and opportunities and the markets in which the Company operates. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “plan”  “intend”  “foresee”  “should”  “would”  “could”  “may”  “estimate”  “outlook”  and similar expressions  including the negative thereof. The absence of these words  however  does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations  beliefs and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on the Company. While the Company believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made  there can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will be those that the Company anticipates.All of the Company’s forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  some of which are significant or beyond the Company’s control  and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company’s historical experience and the Company’s present expectations or projections. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.For information regarding known material factors that could cause actual results to differ from projected results  please see the Company’s risk factors set forth in the Company’s 2022 Annual Financial report filed on March 10  2023  with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM) and the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers which include a discussion of factors that could affect the Company's future performance and the markets in which the Company operates. Please also see Section 1.3 (Principal Risks and Uncertainties) of the Company's 2023 Half-Year Report which was filed with the AFM and the AMF on July 27  2023.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. The Company undertakes no duty to and will not necessarily update any of the forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events  except to the extent required by applicable law.APPENDIXAPPENDIX 1.0: ADJUSTED STATEMENT OF INCOME - FIRST NINE MONTHS 2023(In € millions) ProjectDelivery Technology Products &Services Corporate/nonallocable Total 9M 23 9M 22 9M 23 9M 22 9M 23 9M 22 9M 23 9M 22 Adjusted revenue 2 977.8 3 895.6 1 429.6 966.6 — — 4 407.4 4 862.2 Adjusted recurring EBIT 231.7 279.2 138.1 88.9 (51.2) (32.2) 318.6 335.9 Non-recurring items (transaction & one-off costs) (2.6) (1.7) (1.1) (0.6) (38.2) (0.5) (42.0) (2.8) EBIT 229.1 277.5 137.0 88.2 (89.4) (32.6) 276.6 333.1 Financial income 90.6 20.2 Financial expense (30.4) (27.4) Profit (loss) before income tax 336.8 325.9 Income tax (expense) profit (101.3) (97.6) Net profit (loss) 235.5 228.3 Net (profit) loss attributable to non-controlling interests (28.2) (5.4) Net profit (loss) attributable to Technip Energies Group 207.3 222.9APPENDIX 1.1: ADJUSTED STATEMENT OF INCOME - THIRD QUARTER 2023(In € millions) ProjectDelivery Technology Products &Services Corporate/nonallocable Total Q3 23 Q3 22 Q3 23 Q3 22 Q3 23 Q3 22 Q3 23 Q3 22 Adjusted revenue 1 070.2 1 271.7 498.5 323.5 — — 1 568.7 1 595.3 Adjusted recurring EBIT 82.5 111.9 48.9 28.9 (20.5) (9.3) 110.9 131.6 Non-recurring items (transaction & one-off costs) 0.1 (0.3) (0.8) (0.1) (7.3) (0.5) (8.0) (0.9) EBIT 82.6 111.7 48.1 28.8 (27.9) (9.8) 102.9 130.7 Financial income 35.1 11.1 Financial expense (12.0) (8.8) Profit (loss) before income tax 126.0 133.0 Income tax (expense) profit (32.4) (38.4) Net profit (loss) 93.6 94.6 Net (profit) loss attributable to non-controlling interests (11.4) (3.3) Net profit (loss) attributable to Technip Energies Group 82.2 91.3APPENDIX 1.2: STATEMENT OF INCOME – RECONCILIATION BETWEEN IFRS AND ADJUSTED - FIRST NINE MONTHS 2023(In € millions) 9M 23IFRS Adjustments 9M 23Adjusted Revenue 4 367.5 39.9 4 407.4 Costs and expenses Cost of sales (3 745.1) (24.0) (3 769.1) Selling  general and administrative expense (280.1) — (280.1) Research and development expense (39.9) — (39.9) Impairment  restructuring and other expense (42.0) — (42.0) Other operating income (expense)  net (0.3) 0.1 (0.2) Operating profit (loss) 260.1 16.0 276.1 Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investees 38.1 (37.6) 0.5 Profit (loss) before financial income (expense)  net and income tax 298.2 (21.6) 276.6 Financial income 83.7 6.9 90.6 Financial expense (40.7) 10.3 (30.4) Profit (loss) before income tax 341.2 (4.4) 336.8 Income tax (expense) profit (102.5) 1.2 (101.3) Net profit (loss) 238.7 (3.2) 235.5 Net (profit) loss attributable to non-controlling interests (28.2) — (28.2) Net profit (loss) attributable to Technip Energies Group 210.5 (3.2) 207.3APPENDIX 1.3: STATEMENT OF INCOME – RECONCILIATION BETWEEN IFRS AND ADJUSTED - FIRST NINE MONTHS 2022(In € millions) 9M 22IFRS Adjustments 9M 22Adjusted Revenue 4 786.2 76.0 4 862.2 Costs and expenses Cost of sales (4 120.0) (130.3) (4 250.3) Selling  general and administrative expense (243.5) — (243.5) Research and development expense (34.5) — (34.5) Impairment  restructuring and other expense (2.8) — (2.8) Other operating income (expense)  net 2.6 1.0 3.6 Operating profit (loss) 388.0 (53.3) 334.7 Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investees 34.0 (35.6) (1.6) Profit (loss) before financial income (expense)  net and income tax 422.0 (88.9) 333.1 Financial income 19.3 0.9 20.2 Financial expense (131.2) 103.8 (27.4) Profit (loss) before income tax 310.1 15.8 325.9 Income tax (expense) profit (100.6) 3.0 (97.6) Net profit (loss) 209.5 18.8 228.3 Net (profit) loss attributable to non-controlling interests (5.4) — (5.4) Net profit (loss) attributable to Technip Energies Group 204.1 18.8 222.9APPENDIX 1.4: STATEMENT OF INCOME – RECONCILIATION BETWEEN IFRS AND ADJUSTED - THIRD QUARTER 2023(In € millions) Q3 23IFRS Adjustments Q3 23Adjusted Revenue 1 537.2 31.5 1 568.7 Costs and expenses Cost of sales (1 331.8) (15.2) (1 347.0) Selling  general and administrative expense (101.3) — (101.3) Research and development expense (16.2) — (16.2) Impairment  restructuring and other expense (8.0) — (8.0) Other operating income (expense)  net 6.7 (0.5) 6.2 Operating profit (loss) 86.6 15.8 102.4 Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investees 22.3 (21.8) 0.5 Profit (loss) before financial income (expense)  net and income tax 108.9 (6.0) 102.9 Financial income 32.6 2.5 35.1 Financial expense (13.9) 1.9 (12.0) Profit (loss) before income tax 127.6 (1.6) 126.0 Income tax (expense) profit (32.8) 0.4 (32.4) Net profit (loss) 94.8 (1.2) 93.6 Net (profit) loss attributable to non-controlling interests (11.4) — (11.4) Net profit (loss) attributable to Technip Energies Group 83.4 (1.2) 82.2APPENDIX 1.5: STATEMENT OF INCOME – RECONCILIATION BETWEEN IFRS AND ADJUSTED - THIRD QUARTER 2022(In € millions) Q3 22IFRS Adjustments Q3 22Adjusted Revenue 1 569.5 25.8 1 595.3 Costs and expenses Cost of sales (1 345.8) (25.2) (1 371.0) Selling  general and administrative expense (83.4) — (83.4) Research and development expense (12.4) — (12.4) Impairment  restructuring and other expense (0.9) — (0.9) Other operating income (expense)  net 1.6 1.4 3.0 Operating profit (loss) 128.6 2.0 130.6 Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investees 23.9 (23.8) 0.1 Profit (loss) before financial income (expense)  net and income tax 152.5 (21.8) 130.7 Financial income 10.7 0.4 11.1 Financial expense (37.2) 28.4 (8.8) Profit (loss) before income tax 126.0 7.0 133.0 Income tax (expense) profit (37.8) (0.6) (38.4) Net profit (loss) 88.2 6.4 94.6 Net (profit) loss attributable to non-controlling interests (3.3) — (3.3) Net profit (loss) attributable to Technip Energies Group 84.9 6.4 91.3APPENDIX 2.0: ADJUSTED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION(In € millions) 9M 23 FY 22 Goodwill 2 097.0 2 096.4 Intangible assets  net 117.5 108.2 Property  plant and equipment  net 102.1 103.2 Right-of-use assets 211.8 223.1 Equity accounted investees 31.7 29.9 Other non-current assets 257.0 243.5 Total non-current assets 2 817.1 2 804.3 Trade receivables  net 1 231.9 1 245.8 Contract assets 468.5 355.4 Other current assets 782.5 815.1 Cash and cash equivalents 3 507.7 3 791.2 Total current assets 5 990.6 6 207.5 Total assets 8 807.7 9 011.8 Total equity 1 904.4 1 736.3 Long-term debt  less current portion 595.9 595.3 Lease liability – non-current 172.5 195.8 Accrued pension and other post-retirement benefits  less current portion 105.5 101.7 Other non-current liabilities 107.7 124.5 Total non-current liabilities 981.6 1 017.3 Short-term debt 135.5 123.7 Lease liability – current 74.1 72.9 Accounts payable  trade 1 540.1 1 861.5 Contract liabilities 3 407.6 3 383.5 Other current liabilities 764.4 816.6 Total current liabilities 5 921.7 6 258.2 Total liabilities 6 903.3 7 275.5 Total equity and liabilities 8 807.7 9 011.8APPENDIX 2.1: STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION – RECONCILIATION BETWEEN IFRS AND ADJUSTED - FIRST NINE MONTHS 2023(In € millions) 9M 23IFRS Adjustments 9M 23Adjusted Goodwill 2 097.0 — 2 097.0 Intangible assets  net 117.5 — 117.5 Property  plant and equipment  net 101.9 0.2 102.1 Right-of-use assets 211.8 — 211.8 Equity accounted investees 100.8 (69.1) 31.7 Other non-current assets 253.5 3.5 257.0 Total non-current assets 2 882.5 (65.4) 2 817.1 Trade receivables  net 1 268.5 (36.6) 1 231.9 Contract assets 469.2 (0.7) 468.5 Other current assets 751.7 30.8 782.5 Cash and cash equivalents 3 271.0 236.7 3 507.7 Total current assets 5 760.4 230.2 5 990.6 Total assets 8 642.9 164.8 8 807.7 Total equity 1 904.5 (0.1) 1 904.4 Long-term debt  less current portion 595.9 — 595.9 Lease liability – non-current 172.5 — 172.5 Accrued pension and other post-retirement benefits  less current portion 104.5 1.0 105.5 Other non-current liabilities 121.0 (13.3) 107.7 Total non-current liabilities 993.9 (12.4) 981.6 Short-term debt 135.5 — 135.5 Lease liability – current 74.0 0.1 74.1 Accounts payable  trade 1 439.5 100.6 1 540.1 Contract liabilities 3 304.5 103.1 3 407.6 Other current liabilities 791.0 (26.6) 764.4 Total current liabilities 5 744.5 177.2 5 921.7 Total liabilities 6 738.4 164.8 6 903.3 Total equity and liabilities 8 642.9 164.8 8 807.7APPENDIX 2.2: STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION – RECONCILIATION BETWEEN IFRS AND ADJUSTED - FIRST NINE MONTHS 2022(In € millions) 9M 22IFRS Adjustments 9M 22Adjusted Goodwill 2 122.4 — 2 122.4 Intangible assets  net 107.3 — 107.3 Property  plant and equipment  net 107.8 0.4 108.2 Right-of-use assets 247.8 1.8 249.6 Equity accounted investees 83.0 (50.1) 32.9 Other non-current assets 245.1 4.3 249.4 Total non-current assets 2 913.4 (43.6) 2 869.8 Trade receivables  net 1 070.2 (60.4) 1 009.8 Contract assets 408.9 26.4 435.3 Other current assets 707.5 116.9 824.4 Cash and cash equivalents 3 681.5 315.1 3 996.6 Total current assets 5 868.1 398.0 6 266.1 Total assets 8 781.5 354.4 9 135.9 Total equity 1 599.7 2.6 1 602.3 Long-term debt  less current portion 595.1 — 595.1 Lease liability – non-current 214.9 0.9 215.8 Accrued pension and other post-retirement benefits  less current portion 129.5 0.7 130.2 Other non-current liabilities 147.8 (11.1) 136.7 Total non-current liabilities 1 087.3 (9.5) 1 077.8 Short-term debt 148.6 — 148.6 Lease liability – current 75.3 0.9 76.2 Accounts payable  trade 1 789.1 246.6 2 035.7 Contract liabilities 3 111.1 227.8 3 338.9 Other current liabilities 970.4 (114.0) 856.4 Total current liabilities 6 094.5 361.3 6 455.8 Total liabilities 7 181.8 351.8 7 533.6 Total equity and liabilities 8 781.5 354.4 9 135.9APPENDIX 3.0: ADJUSTED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS(In € millions) 9M 23 9M 22 Net profit (loss) 235.5 228.3 Other non-cash items 153.1 82.9 Change in working capital (349.1) (152.6) Cash provided (required) by operating activities 39.5 158.6 Acquisition of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets (33.0) (34.3) Acquisition of financial assets (31.6) (10.5) Proceeds from disposal of assets 0.1 — Proceeds from disposals of subsidiaries  net of cash disposed (111.3) (2.2) Other 0.4 — Cash provided (required) by investing activities (175.4) (47.0) Capital increase 29.7 Net increase (repayment) in long-term  short-term debt and commercial paper 12.6 62.9 Purchase of treasury shares — (53.5) Dividends paid to Shareholders (91.2) (79.0) Other (o/w dividends paid to non-controlling interests and lease liabilities repayment) (84.1) (71.6) Cash provided (required) by financing activities (133.0) (141.2) Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents (14.6) 216.1 (Decrease) Increase in cash and cash equivalents (283.5) 186.5 Cash and cash equivalents  beginning of period 3 791.2 3 810.1 Cash and cash equivalents  end of period 3 507.7 3 996.6APPENDIX 3.1: STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS – RECONCILIATION BETWEEN IFRS AND ADJUSTED - FIRST NINE MONTHS 2023(In € millions) 9M 23IFRS Adjustments 9M 23Adjusted Net profit (loss) 238.7 (3.2) 235.5 Other non-cash items 172.7 (19.6) 153.1 Change in working capital (297.8) (51.3) (349.1) Cash provided (required) by operating activities 113.6 (74.1) 39.5 Acquisition of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets (33.0) — (33.0) Acquisition of financial assets (31.6) — (31.6) Proceeds from disposal of assets 0.1 — 0.1 Proceeds from disposals of subsidiaries  net of cash disposed (30.5) (80.8) (111.3) Other 0.4 — 0.4 Cash provided (required) by investing activities (94.6) (80.8) (175.4) Capital increase 29.7 — 29.7 Net increase (repayment) in long-term  short-term debt and commercial paper 12.7 (0.1) 12.6 Dividends paid to Shareholders (91.2) — (91.2) Settlements of mandatorily redeemable financial liability (80.9) 80.9 — Other (o/w dividends paid to non-controlling interests and lease liabilities repayment) (82.8) (1.3) (84.1) Cash provided (required) by financing activities (212.5) 79.5 (133.0) Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents (12.9) (1.7) (14.6) (Decrease) Increase in cash and cash equivalents (206.4) (77.1) (283.5) Cash and cash equivalents  beginning of period 3 477.4 313.8 3 791.2 Cash and cash equivalents  end of period 3 271.0 236.7 3 507.7APPENDIX 3.2: STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS – RECONCILIATION BETWEEN IFRS AND ADJUSTED - FIRST NINE MONTHS 2022(In € millions) 9M 22IFRS Adjustments 9M 22Adjusted Net profit (loss) 209.5 18.8 228.3 Other non-cash items 210.9 (128.0) 82.9 Change in working capital (210.0) 57.4 (152.6) Cash provided (required) by operating activities 210.4 (51.8) 158.6 Acquisition of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets (34.1) (0.2) (34.3) Acquisition of financial assets (10.5) — (10.5) Proceeds from disposals of subsidiaries  net of cash disposed 0.2 (2.4) (2.2) Cash provided (required) by investing activities (44.4) (2.6) (47.0) Net increase (repayment) in long-term  short-term debt and commercial paper 62.9 — 62.9 Purchase of treasury shares (53.5) — (53.5) Dividends paid to Shareholders (79.0) — (79.0) Settlements of mandatorily redeemable financial liability (204.3) 204.3 — Other (o/w dividends paid to non-controlling interests and lease liabilities repayment) (71.1) (0.5) (71.6) Cash provided (required) by financing activities (345.0) 203.8 (141.2) Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 221.9 (5.8) 216.1 (Decrease) Increase in cash and cash equivalents 42.9 143.6 186.5 Cash and cash equivalents  beginning of period 3 638.6 171.5 3 810.1 Cash and cash equivalents  end of period 3 681.5 315.1 3 996.6APPENDIX 4.0: ADJUSTED ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - FIRST NINE MONTHS 2023(In € millions  except %) 9M 23 % of revenues 9M 22 % of revenues Adjusted revenue 4 407.4 4 862.2 Cost of sales (3 769.1) 85.5% (4 250.3) 87.4% Adjusted gross margin 638.3 14.5% 611.9 12.6% Adjusted recurring EBITDA 390.6 8.9% 415.9 8.6% Amortization  depreciation and impairment (72.0) (80.0) Adjusted recurring EBIT 318.6 7.2% 335.9 6.9% Non-recurring items (42.0) (2.8) Adjusted profit (loss) before financial income (expense)  net and income tax 276.6 6.3% 333.1 6.9% Financial income (expense)  net 60.2 (7.2) Adjusted profit (loss) before tax 336.8 7.6% 325.9 6.7% Income tax (expense) profit (101.3) (97.6) Adjusted net profit (loss) 235.5 5.3% 228.3 4.7%APPENDIX 4.1: ADJUSTED ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - THIRD QUARTER 2023(In € millions  except %) Q3 23 % of revenues Q3 22 % of revenues Adjusted revenue 1 568.7 1 595.3 Cost of sales (1 347.0) 85.9% (1 371.0) 85.9% Adjusted gross margin 221.7 14.1% 224.3 14.1% Adjusted recurring EBITDA 135.2 8.6% 160.6 10.1% Amortization  depreciation and impairment (24.3) (29.0) Adjusted recurring EBIT 110.9 7.1% 131.6 8.2% Non-recurring items (8.0) (0.9) Adjusted profit (loss) before financial income (expense)  net and income tax 102.9 6.6% 130.7 8.2% Financial income (expense)  net 23.1 2.3 Adjusted profit (loss) before tax 126.0 8.0% 133.0 8.3% Income tax (expense) profit (32.4) (38.4) Adjusted net profit (loss) 93.6 6.0% 94.6 5.9%APPENDIX 5.0: ADJUSTED RECURRING EBIT AND EBITDA RECONCILIATION - FIRST NINE MONTHS 2023(In € millions) ProjectDelivery Technology Products & Services Corporate/nonallocable Total 9M 23 9M 22 9M 23 9M 22 9M 23 9M 22 9M 23 9M 22 Revenue 2 977.8 3 895.6 1 429.6 966.6 — — 4 407.4 4 862.2 Profit (loss) before financial income (expense)  net and income tax 276.6 333.1 Non-recurring items: Other non-recurring income/(expense) 42.0 2.8 Adjusted recurring EBIT 231.7 279.2 138.1 88.9 (51.2) (32.2) 318.6 335.9 Adjusted recurring EBIT margin % 7.8% 7.2% 9.7% 9.2% —% —% 7.2% 6.9% Adjusted amortization and depreciation (72.0) (80.0) Adjusted recurring EBITDA 390.6 415.9 Adjusted recurring EBITDA margin % 8.9% 8.6%APPENDIX 5.1: ADJUSTED RECURRING EBIT AND EBITDA RECONCILIATION - THIRD QUARTER 2023(In € millions  except %) ProjectDelivery Technology Products & Services Corporate/nonallocable Total Q3 23 Q3 22 Q3 23 Q3 22 Q3 23 Q3 22 Q3 23 Q3 22 Revenue 1 070.2 1 271.7 498.5 323.5 — — 1 568.7 1 595.3 Profit (loss) before financial income (expense)  net and income tax 102.9 130.7 Non-recurring items: Other non-recurring income/(expense) 8.0 0.9 Adjusted recurring EBIT 82.5 111.9 48.9 28.9 (20.5) (9.3) 110.9 131.6 Adjusted recurring EBIT margin % 7.7% 8.8% 9.8% 8.9% —% —% 7.1% 8.2% Adjusted amortization and depreciation (24.3) (29.0) Adjusted recurring EBITDA 135.2 160.6 Adjusted recurring EBITDA margin % 8.6% 10.1%APPENDIX 6.0: BACKLOG – RECONCILIATION BETWEEN IFRS AND ADJUSTED(In € millions) 9M 23IFRS Adjustments 9M 23Adjusted Project Delivery 15 864.5 77.9 15 942.4 Technology  Products & Services 2 087.5 — 2 087.5 Total 17 951.9 18 029.9APPENDIX 7.0: ORDER INTAKE – RECONCILIATION BETWEEN IFRS AND ADJUSTED(In € millions) 9M 23IFRS Adjustments 9M 23Adjusted Project Delivery 8 172.3 (38.6) 8 133.7 Technology  Products & Services 1 374.2 — 1 374.2 Total 9 546.5 9 507.9APPENDIX 8.0: Definition of Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)Certain parts of this Press Release contain the following non-IFRS financial measures: adjusted revenue  adjusted recurring EBIT  adjusted recurring EBITDA  adjusted net (debt) cash  adjusted order backlog  and adjusted order intake  which are not recognized as measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS and which the Company considers to be APMs. APMs should not be considered an alternative to  or more meaningful than  the equivalent measures as determined in accordance with IFRS or as an indicator of the Company’s operating performance or liquidity.Each of the APMs is defined below:Adjusted revenue: represents the revenue recorded under IFRS as adjusted according to the method described below. For the periods presented in this Press Release  the Company’s proportionate share of joint venture revenue from the following projects was included: the revenue from ENI CORAL FLNG  Yamal LNG and NFE is included at 50%  the revenue from BAPCO Sitra Refinery is included at 36%  the revenue from the in-Russia construction and supervision scope of Arctic LNG 2 is included at 33.3% until its disposal by the Group that occurred during the second quarter of 2023  the revenue from the joint-venture Rovuma is included at 33.3%. Revenue from Nova Energies is included at 50% for the first six months of 2022. The Company believes that presenting the proportionate share of its joint venture revenue in construction projects carried out in joint arrangements enables management and investors to better evaluate the performance of the Company’s core business period-over-period by assisting them in more accurately understanding the activities actually performed by the Company on these projects.Adjusted recurring EBIT: represents profit before financial expense  net  and income taxes recorded under IFRS as adjusted to reflect line-by-line for their respective share incorporated construction project entities that are not fully owned by the Company (applying to the method described above under adjusted revenue) and adds or removes  as appropriate  items that are considered as non-recurring from EBIT (such as restructuring expenses  costs arising out of significant litigation that have arisen outside of the ordinary course of business and other non-recurring expenses). The Company believes that the exclusion of such expenses or profits from these financial measures enables investors and management to evaluate the Company’s operations and consolidated results of operations period-over-period  and to identify operating trends that could otherwise be masked to both investors and management by the excluded items.Adjusted recurring EBITDA: corresponds to the adjusted recurring EBIT as described above after deduction of depreciation and amortization expenses and as adjusted to reflect for their respective share construction project entities that are not fully owned by the Company. The Company believes that the exclusion of these expenses or profits from these financial measures enables investors and management to more effectively evaluate the Company’s operations and consolidated results of operations period-over-period  and to identify operating trends that could otherwise be masked to both investors and management by the excluded items.Adjusted net (debt) cash: reflects cash and cash equivalents  net of debt (including short-term debt)  as adjusted according to the method described above under adjusted revenue. Management uses this APM to evaluate the Company’s capital structure and financial leverage. The Company believes adjusted net (debt) cash  is a meaningful financial measure that may assist investors in understanding the Company’s financial condition and recognizing underlying trends in its capital structure.Adjusted order backlog: order backlog is calculated as the estimated sales value of unfilled  confirmed customer orders at the relevant reporting date. Adjusted order backlog takes into account the Company’s proportionate share of order backlog related to equity affiliates (ENI Coral FLNG  BAPCO Sitra Refinery  Arctic LNG 2 for the In-Russia construction and supervision scope in 2022  the joint-venture Rovuma  two affiliates of the NFE joint-venture  and the Nova Energies joint-venture) and restates the share of order backlog related to the Company’s non-controlling interest in Yamal LNG. The Company believes that the adjusted order backlog enables management and investors to evaluate the level of the Company’s core business forthcoming activities by including its proportionate share in the estimated sales coming from construction projects in joint arrangements.Adjusted order intake: order intake corresponds to signed contracts which have come into force during the reporting period. Adjusted order intake adds the proportionate share of orders signed related to equity affiliates (ENI Coral FLNG  BAPCO Sitra Refinery  Arctic LNG 2 for the In-Russia construction and supervision scope in 2022  the joint-venture Rovuma  two affiliates of the NFE joint-venture  and the Nova Energies joint-venture) and restates the share of order intake attributable to the non-controlling interests in Yamal LNG. This financial measure is closely connected with the adjusted order backlog in the evaluation of the level of the Company’s forthcoming activities by presenting its proportionate share of contracts which came into force during the period and that will be performed by the Company.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231101455846/en/Investor RelationsPhillip LindsayVice President  Investor RelationsTel: +44 20 7585 5051Email: Phillip LindsayMedia RelationsJason HyonneManager  Press Relations & Social MediaTel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Jason Hyonne,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.52,0.28,0.19,True,English,"['Technip Energies Financial Results', 'First Nine Months', 'first global employee shareholding operation', 'circular plastic waste technologies', 'Successful worldwide capital increase', 'long-term value creation potential', 'other important services contracts', '9M 2023 results conference call', 'Technip Energies Financial Results', 'T.EN 9M 2023 Webcast', 'First Nine Months', 'unaudited financial results', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'next 12-24 months', 'Effective tax rate', 'Conference call information', 'hydrogen production unit', 'recurring EBIT margin', 'Strong strategic positioning', 'teams’ relentless focus', 'ambitious ESG roadmap', 'net zero goals', 'longer-term growth outlook', 'several growth areas', 'commercial success support', 'low carbon hydrogen', 'chemical recycling technology', 'traditional energy customers', 'sustainable aviation fuels', 'future backlog growth', 'Technip Energies’ strategy', 'low-carbon front-end engagement', '2023 full company guidance', 'IFRS financial measures', '9M 2022 diluted earnings', 'TPS growth outlook', '9M 2023 Adj. revenues', 'solid results', 'Financial information', 'important partners', 'good potential', 'Conference Code', 'sustainable fuels', 'topline growth', 'green hydrogen', 'other ongoing', 'FY 2023 guidance', 'full-year outlook', 'strategic development', 'core focus', 'several partnerships', 'ESG agencies', 'market outlook', 'carbon capture', 'renewable fuels', 'Net profit', 'commercial pipeline', 'Commercial momentum', 'share capital', 'other industries', 'new shares', 'Regulatory News', 'Paris:TE', 'leading Engineering', 'Technology company', 'energy transition', 'Arnaud Pieton', 'Project Delivery', 'group revenues', 'order intake', 'technology scale-up', 'pilot plant', 'recycled PET', 'planned initiatives', 'sustainability journey', 'ratings improvements', 'top tiers', 'industry grouping', 'continuous improvement', 'sustainability path', 'significant number', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'additional orders', 'low-carbon LNG', 'real appetite', 'cleaner solutions', 'notable advances', 'customer reach', 'pivotal player', 'Key financials', 'complete definition', 'average number', 'outstanding shares', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', '9M 2022 Revenue', 'Increased LNG', 'third quarter', 'TPS segment', 'employees', 'execution', 'inflection', 'margins', 'Products', 'biorefinery', 'innovation', 'integration', 'chemicals', 'ground', 'Frankfurt', 'Germany', 'textile', 'rPET', 'developments', 'September', 'offering', 'shareholders', 'confidence', 'people', 'prospects', 'Africa', 'commitment', 'skills', 'talents', 'EPS', 'Appendix', 'Reconciliation', 'appendices', 'millions', 'Thursday', 'November', 'details', 'France', 'event', '€', '6.2', '13:00']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,investorsobserver.com
32220,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.pharmiweb.com/press-release/2023-11-03/genomic-vision-requests-receivership-proceedings,Genomic Vision Requests Receivership Proceedings,Genomic Vision (FR0011799907 – GV  the “Company”)  a Euronext-listed biotechnology company that develops products and services for the highly accurate characterization of transformed cells  announces having filed today a declaration of cessation,"BAGNEUX  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Genomic Vision (FR0011799907 – GV  the “Company”)  a Euronext-listed biotechnology company that develops products and services for the highly accurate characterization of transformed cells  announces having filed today a declaration of cessation of payments (""déclaration de cessation des paiements"") with the Commercial Court of Nanterre.The employee representative bodies were informed on October 31  2023.Given the evolution of its share price and the liquidity of the shares on the market  Genomic Vision was no longer able to cover all its cash needs.To date  the Company reports current liabilities and does not have sufficient available resources to meet them.In this context  the Company has today requested the opening of receivership proceedings (“procédure de redressement judiciaire”) with the Commercial Court of Nanterre.The purpose of these proceedings is to evaluate all solutions that could enable the Company to continue its activity in a long-term way  maintain employment  and also to attract investors within the framework of a recovery plan by way of continuation or a sale plan.The Commercial Court of Nanterre will rule on this request for the opening of receivership proceedings during a hearing to be held on November 15  2023. If the Commercial Court grants the Company's request  the Company will continue its current activities during the observation period of a duration set by the Court. The Court may decide to open liquidation proceedings if it considers that the financing of an observation period is not assured.Genomic Vision will inform the financial markets of the decision of the Commercial Court of Nanterre.Genomic Vision has asked Euronext to suspend the listing of its shares from 6 November 2023 before the opening of trading. Given the uncertainty regarding the outcome of the receivership proceedings and the steps taken by the Company  the suspension of the listing of the shares is maintained until further notice.Press releases will be published regularly as the procedure moves forward.***ABOUT GENOMIC VISIONGENOMIC VISION is a biotechnology company that develops products and services for the highly accurate characterization of genome modifications. We deliver high-quality integrated genomic analysis solutions to improve quality control and bioproduction standards of advanced gene therapies at scale. Based on molecular combing technology and artificial intelligence  The Company provides robust quantitative measurements needed for high confidence characterization of transformed cell lines and prediction of cell line performance  in particular in the context of the biomanufacturing processes of cell and gene therapies. Genomic Vision’s molecular combing technology has further applications in drug development of agents targeting DNA replication and damage response mechanisms  visualizing DNA replication kinetics and telomere length maintenance. Genomic Vision  based near Paris in Bagneux  is a public company listed in compartment C of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Euronext: GV – ISIN: FR0011799907).For further information  please visit www.genomicvision.comMember of the CAC® Mid & Small and CAC® All-Tradable indicesFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTThis press release contains implicitly or explicitly certain forward-looking statements concerning Genomic Vision and its business. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Genomic Vision considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that such forward-looking statements will be verified  which statements are subject to numerous risks  including the risks set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the universal registration document filed with the AMF on April 28  2023 under number D.23-0383  available on the web site of Genomic Vision (www.genomicvision.com) and to the development of economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Genomic Vision operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Genomic Vision or not currently considered material by Genomic Vision. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause actual results  financial conditions  performance or achievements of Genomic Vision to be materially different from such forward-looking statements.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute and should not be construed as an offer or an invitation to sell or subscribe  or the solicitation of any order or invitation to purchase or subscribe for Genomic Vision shares in any country. The distribution of this press release in certain countries may be a breach of applicable laws. The persons in possession of this press release must inquire about any local restrictions and comply with these restrictions.Genomic Vision has set up a financing line in the form of convertible notes with warrants (OCABSA) with its Financing partner.The shares resulting from the conversion or exercise of the aforementioned securities will  in general  be sold on the market  which could create downward pressure on the share price as well as a dilution.Shareholders could therefore suffer a loss of their invested capital due to a significant decrease in the value of the company's shares. The company has carried out several dilutive financing operations  and investors are advised to be very careful before making a decision to invest in the company's securities.Genomic VisionAaron BensimonChairman of the Management BoardTel.: +33 1 49 08 07 51investisseurs@genomicvision.comNewCapFrance Investor Relations& Strategic CommunicationsTel.: +33 1 44 71 94 94gv@newcap.eu",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.09,0.24,0.67,True,English,"['Genomic Vision Requests', 'Receivership Proceedings', 'procédure de redressement judiciaire', 'high-quality integrated genomic analysis solutions', 'employee representative bodies', 'sufficient available resources', 'molecular combing technology', 'robust quantitative measurements', 'damage response mechanisms', 'telomere length maintenance', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENT', 'Risk Factors” section', 'universal registration document', 'high confidence characterization', 'DNA replication kinetics', 'advanced gene therapies', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Euronext-listed biotechnology company', 'The Commercial Court', 'cell line performance', 'Genomic Vision shares', 'accurate characterization', 'The Court', 'financing line', 'Regulatory News', 'transformed cells', 'déclaration', 'share price', 'cash needs', 'current liabilities', 'recovery plan', 'sale plan', 'current activities', 'observation period', 'Press releases', 'genome modifications', 'quality control', 'bioproduction standards', 'artificial intelligence', 'cell lines', 'biomanufacturing processes', 'compartment C', 'web site', 'economic conditions', 'financial conditions', 'applicable laws', 'convertible notes', 'receivership proceedings', 'liquidation proceedings', 'The Company', 'financial markets', 'Financing partner', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'long-term way', 'drug development', 'regulated market', 'CAC® Mid', 'local restrictions', 'public company', 'numerous risks', 'BAGNEUX', 'France', 'GV', 'products', 'services', 'declaration', 'cessation', 'payments', 'paiements', 'Nanterre', 'October', 'evolution', 'liquidity', 'date', 'context', 'opening', 'purpose', 'activity', 'employment', 'investors', 'framework', 'continuation', 'request', 'hearing', 'November', 'duration', 'decision', 'listing', 'trading', 'uncertainty', 'outcome', 'steps', 'suspension', 'notice', 'procedure', 'scale', 'prediction', 'applications', 'agents', 'Paris', 'ISIN', 'information', 'genomicvision', 'Member', 'Small', 'assumptions', 'assurance', 'AMF', 'April', 'number', 'occurrence', 'achievements', 'offer', 'invitation', 'solicitation', 'order', 'country', 'distribution', 'countries', 'breach', 'persons', 'possession', 'warrants', 'OCABSA', 'conversion', 'exercise', 'securities']",2023-11-03,2023-11-03,pharmiweb.com
32221,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/teleperformance-monthly-information-regarding-shares-170500483.html,Teleperformance: Monthly Information Regarding Shares and Voting Rights,233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the Règlement général of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers) PARIS  November 03  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Teleperformance (Paris:TEP): Stock Market: Euronext Paris ...,(Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the Règlement général of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers)PARIS  November 03  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Teleperformance (Paris:TEP):Stock Market: Euronext Paris – compartment AISIN Code: FR0000051807As of October 31  2023:- Total number of shares composing the share capital of the company: 59 534 759 - Total number of gross voting rights: 61 043 700Presence in the bylaws of a provision requiring the disclosure of a crossing of threshold in addition to those for which disclosure is mandatory: NO-----------------------------------ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUPTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP) is a global leader in digital business services  blending the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster  and safer for the world’s biggest brands and their customers. The Group’s comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including Trust and Safety services that help defend both online users and brand reputation. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. With more than 410 000 inspired and passionate people speaking more than 300 languages  the Group’s global scale and local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2022  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 154 million (US$8.6 billion  based on €1 = $1.05) and net profit of €645 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.Story continuesVisit the Group at www.teleperformance.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231103913147/en/ContactsTeleperformance,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Monthly Information', 'Voting Rights', 'Teleperformance', 'Shares', 'Règlement général', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio ranges', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'recruitment process outsourcing services', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'S&P Europe', 'deferred settlement service', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'gross voting rights', 'enhanced customer care', 'front-office customer care', 'corporate social responsibility', 'French Commercial Code', 'digital business services', 'Euronext Paris market', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'global leader', 'global scale', 'Safety services', 'specialized services', 'consular services', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Stock Market', 'Regulatory News', 'compartment A', 'ISIN Code', 'Total number', 'share capital', 'advanced technology', 'human empathy', 'biggest brands', 'back-office functions', 'online users', 'brand reputation', 'passionate people', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'following indices', 'source version', 'The Group', 'local presence', 'TEP FP', 'Teleperformance shares', 'TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP', 'Article', 'November', 'October', 'company', 'bylaws', 'provision', 'disclosure', 'crossing', 'threshold', 'addition', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'customers', 'Trust', 'collections', 'interpreting', 'localization', 'visa', '410,000 inspired', '300 languages', 'force', 'communities', 'clients', 'environment', 'area', 'September', 'Story', 'businesswire', 'Contacts']",2023-11-03,2023-11-03,uk.finance.yahoo.com
32222,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-11/60554229-cairn-homes-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-015.htm,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,The repurchased shares will be cancelled. Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 86 165 41 458 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) EUR1.170 GBP1.020 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) EUR1.152 GBP1.014 Volume ...,"DJ Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own SharesCairn Homes Plc (CRN) Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 03-Nov-2023 / 07:00 GMT/BST =---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 03 November 2023 Cairn Homes plc (the ""Company"") Transaction in own shares The Company announces that on 02 November 2023 it purchased a total of 127 623 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Numis Securities Ltd  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled. Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 86 165 41 458 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) EUR1.170 GBP1.020 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) EUR1.152 GBP1.014 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) EUR1.162669 GBP1.016581The purchases form part of the Company's share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 658 812 581 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. TheCompany holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Numis Securities Ltd on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Numis Securities Ltd Intermediary Code NUSEGB21XXX Timezone GMT Currency EUR & GBP Euronext Dublin Number of shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading Venue Time of Transaction Transaction reference number 6603 1.156 XDUB 08:33:27 00067594024TRLO0 4818 1.154 XDUB 08:33:27 00067594025TRLO0 1515 1.156 XDUB 08:33:27 00067594026TRLO0 3589 1.152 XDUB 08:33:30 00067594027TRLO0 412 1.152 XDUB 08:33:30 00067594028TRLO0 916 1.152 XDUB 08:35:50 00067594152TRLO0 500 1.152 XDUB 08:37:31 00067594282TRLO0 895 1.152 XDUB 08:37:31 00067594283TRLO0 2500 1.162 XDUB 10:41:01 00067599248TRLO0 2500 1.162 XDUB 10:41:01 00067599249TRLO0 4818 1.160 XDUB 10:41:17 00067599274TRLO0 1980 1.164 XDUB 12:41:14 00067604131TRLO0 1980 1.164 XDUB 12:42:14 00067604213TRLO0 1705 1.164 XDUB 13:18:44 00067605376TRLO0 470 1.164 XDUB 13:18:44 00067605377TRLO0 100 1.164 XDUB 13:20:14 00067605417TRLO0 484 1.166 XDUB 13:39:44 00067606269TRLO0 458 1.166 XDUB 13:39:44 00067606270TRLO0 378 1.164 XDUB 14:09:02 00067607603TRLO0 8060 1.164 XDUB 14:09:02 00067607604TRLO0 4727 1.164 XDUB 14:09:02 00067607605TRLO0 1765 1.164 XDUB 14:09:02 00067607606TRLO0 3779 1.164 XDUB 14:09:21 00067607608TRLO0 4917 1.164 XDUB 14:09:21 00067607609TRLO0 414 1.164 XDUB 14:09:21 00067607610TRLO0 491 1.164 XDUB 14:09:21 00067607611TRLO0 4643 1.170 XDUB 14:49:05 00067609394TRLO0 4643 1.168 XDUB 16:02:43 00067612998TRLO0 4724 1.168 XDUB 16:02:43 00067612999TRLO0 4643 1.166 XDUB 16:16:46 00067613715TRLO0 3352 1.168 XDUB 16:16:46 00067613718TRLO0 2300 1.168 XDUB 16:16:46 00067613719TRLO0 1086 1.168 XDUB 16:16:47 00067613720TRLO0London Stock ExchangeNumber of shares Price per Share (GBP) Trading Venue Time of Transaction Transaction reference number 2268 102.00 XLON 14:20:05 00067608268TRLO0 14152 102.00 XLON 14:20:05 00067608267TRLO0 4249 101.60 XLON 16:14:37 00067613621TRLO0 789 101.40 XLON 16:14:37 00067613622TRLO0 10000 101.40 XLON 16:28:05 00067614555TRLO0 2273 101.40 XLON 16:28:05 00067614556TRLO0 1294 101.40 XLON 16:28:05 00067614557TRLO0 3895 101.40 XLON 16:28:22 00067614562TRLO0 2538 101.40 XLON 16:28:22 00067614563TRLO0----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement  transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ISIN: IE00BWY4ZF18 Category Code: POS TIDM: CRN LEI Code: 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 OAM Categories: 2.4. Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares Sequence No.: 282416 EQS News ID: 1764121 End of Announcement EQS News Service =------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Image link: https://eqs-cockpit.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=show_t_gif&application_id=1764121&application_name=news(END) Dow Jones NewswiresNovember 03  2023 03:00 ET (07:00 GMT)",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.9,0.07,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Numis Securities Ltd Intermediary Code NUSEGB21XXX Timezone GMT Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'IE00BWY4ZF18 Category Code', 'CRN LEI Code', '635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 OAM Categories', 'Volume weighted average price', 'GBP Euronext Dublin Number', 'DJ Cairn Homes Plc', 'Transaction Transaction reference number', 'Issuer Name', 'Trading Venue Time', 'Dow Jones Newswires', '07:00 GMT', 'EQS News ID', 'EQS News Service', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'nil ordinary shares', 'total number', 'Transaction Details', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'EQS Group', 'shares Price', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'POS TIDM', 'Sequence No.', 'Image link', '658,812,581 ordinary shares', 'Own Shares', 'Regulatory Announcement', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', 'BST', '03 November', '02 November', 'broker', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'XDUB', '00067594024TRLO0', '00067594025TRLO0', '00067594026TRLO0', '00067594027TRLO0', '00067594028TRLO0', '00067594152TRLO0', '00067594282TRLO0', '00067594283TRLO0', '00067599248TRLO0', '00067599249TRLO0', '00067599274TRLO0', '00067604131TRLO0', '00067604213TRLO0', '00067605376TRLO0', '00067605377TRLO0', '00067605417TRLO0', '00067606269TRLO0', '00067606270TRLO0', '00067607603TRLO0', '00067607604TRLO0', '00067607605TRLO0', '00067607606TRLO0', '00067607608TRLO0', '00067607609TRLO0', '00067607610TRLO0', '00067607611TRLO0', '00067609394TRLO0', '00067612998TRLO0', '00067612999TRLO0', '00067613715TRLO0', '00067613718TRLO0', '00067613719TRLO0', '00067613720TRLO0', 'XLON', '00067608268TRLO0', '00067608267TRLO0', '00067613621TRLO0', '00067613622TRLO0', '00067614555TRLO0', '00067614556TRLO0', '00067614557TRLO0', '00067614562TRLO0', 'Dissemination', 'content', 'Acquisition', 'disposal', 'cockpit', 'cgi', 'bin', 'fncls']",2023-11-06,2023-11-03,finanznachrichten.de
32223,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-za/news/other/syntagma-capital-completes-the-acquisition-of-aginode-the-landata-center-landc-and-telecomfibre-fttx-division-of-nexans-sa-euronext-paris-nex/ar-AA1jiKqe,SYNTAGMA CAPITAL Completes the Acquisition of Aginode  the LAN/Data Center (“LAN/DC”) and Telecom/Fibre (“FTTx”) Division of Nexans SA (Euronext Paris: NEX),SYNTAGMA CAPITAL Completes the Acquisition of Aginode  the LAN/Data Center (“LAN/DC”) and Telecom/Fibre (“FTTx”) Division of Nexans SA (Euronext Paris: NEX) Business Wire via ITWeb  BRUSSELS  02 Nov 2023 Read time 1min 40sec Syntagma Capital today announces that it has completed its acquisition of Aginode ( formerly known as Nexans Telecom & Data.,SYNTAGMA CAPITAL Completes the Acquisition of Aginode  the LAN/Data Center (“LAN/DC”) and Telecom/Fibre (“FTTx”) Division of Nexans SA (Euronext Paris: NEX) Business Wire via ITWeb  BRUSSELS  02 Nov 2023 Read time 1min 40sec Syntagma Capital today announces that it has completed its acquisition of Aginode ( formerly known as Nexans Telecom & Data.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['SYNTAGMA CAPITAL', 'LAN/Data Center', 'Nexans SA', 'Euronext Paris', 'Acquisition', 'Aginode', 'LAN/DC', 'Telecom/Fibre', 'FTTx', 'Division', 'SYNTAGMA CAPITAL', 'LAN/Data Center', 'Nexans SA', 'Euronext Paris', 'Business Wire', 'Nexans Telecom', 'Acquisition', 'Aginode', 'LAN/DC', 'Telecom/Fibre', 'FTTx', 'Division', 'ITWeb', 'BRUSSELS', 'time', '40sec']",2023-11-02,2023-11-03,msn.com
