UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
4632,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,📈 Clearstream Sees Upticks in Global Securities Financing  CSD Services in April 📉By @CraftyFin… https://t.co/8eNH6gUCI2,nan,📈 Clearstream Sees Upticks in Global Securities Financing  CSD Services in April 📉By @CraftyFin… https://t.co/8eNH6gUCI2,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['Global Securities Financing', 'CSD Services', 'Clearstream', 'Upticks', 'April', '8eNH6gUCI2', 'Global Securities Financing', 'CSD Services', 'Clearstream', 'Upticks', 'April', '8eNH6gUCI2']",2022-05-11,2022-05-16,Unknown
4633,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream Sees Upticks in Global Securities Financing  CSD Services in April Clearstream  a post-trade services p… https://t.co/KxYnpql4WD,nan,Clearstream Sees Upticks in Global Securities Financing  CSD Services in April Clearstream  a post-trade services p… https://t.co/KxYnpql4WD,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Global Securities Financing', 'CSD Services', 'post-trade services', 'April Clearstream', 'Upticks', 'KxYnpql4WD', 'Global Securities Financing', 'CSD Services', 'post-trade services', 'April Clearstream', 'Upticks', 'KxYnpql4WD']",2022-05-11,2022-05-16,Unknown
4634,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,#Clearstream Sees Upticks in Global Securities Financing  CSD Services in April  Clearstream  a post-trade services… https://t.co/ErdlS95gQx,nan,#Clearstream Sees Upticks in Global Securities Financing  CSD Services in April  Clearstream  a post-trade services… https://t.co/ErdlS95gQx,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Global Securities Financing', 'CSD Services', 'post-trade services', 'Upticks', 'April', 'Clearstream', 'ErdlS95gQx', 'Global Securities Financing', 'CSD Services', 'post-trade services', 'Upticks', 'April', 'Clearstream', 'ErdlS95gQx']",2022-05-11,2022-05-16,Unknown
4636,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,https://t.co/MWPUfT52kF Clearstream Sees Upticks in Global Securities Financing  CSD Services in April,nan,https://t.co/MWPUfT52kF Clearstream Sees Upticks in Global Securities Financing  CSD Services in April,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Global Securities Financing', 'CSD Services', 'MWPUfT52kF', 'Clearstream', 'Upticks', 'April', 'Global Securities Financing', 'CSD Services', 'MWPUfT52kF', 'Clearstream', 'Upticks', 'April']",2022-05-11,2022-05-16,Unknown
4705,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,New GoCardless president  a Mastercard vet  eyes global expansion #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/YrjvwpPH7m #regtech,nan,New GoCardless president  a Mastercard vet  eyes global expansion #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/YrjvwpPH7m #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['New GoCardless president', 'Mastercard vet', 'global expansion', 'Fintech', 'co', 'YrjvwpPH7m', 'regtech', 'New GoCardless president', 'Mastercard vet', 'global expansion', 'Fintech', 'co', 'YrjvwpPH7m', 'regtech']",2022-05-12,2022-05-16,Unknown
4706,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear has added a new ESG reporting solution to its digital fund distribution platform  MFEX  in collaboration… https://t.co/tCjI2eT8P0,nan,Euroclear has added a new ESG reporting solution to its digital fund distribution platform  MFEX  in collaboration… https://t.co/tCjI2eT8P0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['new ESG reporting solution', 'digital fund distribution platform', 'Euroclear', 'MFEX', 'collaboration', 'tCjI2eT8P0', 'new ESG reporting solution', 'digital fund distribution platform', 'Euroclear', 'MFEX', 'collaboration', 'tCjI2eT8P0']",2022-05-12,2022-05-16,Unknown
4722,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse partners with Clearstream to publish bond liquidity data  https://t.co/vzPW7cqckS,nan,Deutsche Boerse partners with Clearstream to publish bond liquidity data  https://t.co/vzPW7cqckS,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse partners', 'bond liquidity data', 'Clearstream', 'vzPW7cqckS', 'Deutsche Boerse partners', 'bond liquidity data', 'Clearstream', 'vzPW7cqckS']",2022-05-12,2022-05-16,Unknown
4723,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,0z I'am Deutsche Börse and Clearstream and I know in where ever if Frankfurt or Luxemburg is miswswing what has to… https://t.co/JG70Ei0FT2,nan,0z I'am Deutsche Börse and Clearstream and I know in where ever if Frankfurt or Luxemburg is miswswing what has to… https://t.co/JG70Ei0FT2,negative,0.02,0.37,0.61,negative,0.02,0.37,0.61,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Clearstream', 'Frankfurt', 'Luxemburg', 'JG70Ei0FT2', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Clearstream', 'Frankfurt', 'Luxemburg', 'JG70Ei0FT2']",2022-05-12,2022-05-16,Unknown
4724,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,FinanceMagnates: Clearstream Sees Upticks in Global Securities Financing  CSD Services in April https://t.co/uQikmZBbSI,nan,FinanceMagnates: Clearstream Sees Upticks in Global Securities Financing  CSD Services in April https://t.co/uQikmZBbSI,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Global Securities Financing', 'CSD Services', 'FinanceMagnates', 'Clearstream', 'Upticks', 'April', 'co', 'uQikmZBbSI', 'Global Securities Financing', 'CSD Services', 'FinanceMagnates', 'Clearstream', 'Upticks', 'April', 'co', 'uQikmZBbSI']",2022-05-12,2022-05-16,Unknown
4819,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Remote notarization is becoming a must-have offering #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/RapnKgT9oS #regtech,nan,Remote notarization is becoming a must-have offering #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/RapnKgT9oS #regtech,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Remote notarization', 'offering', 'Fintech', 'RapnKgT9oS', 'regtech', 'Remote notarization', 'offering', 'Fintech', 'RapnKgT9oS', 'regtech']",2022-05-13,2022-05-16,Unknown
4820,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,A mixed outlook for small-business lending #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/vaKfA1HzQk #regtech,nan,A mixed outlook for small-business lending #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/vaKfA1HzQk #regtech,neutral,0.04,0.87,0.1,neutral,0.04,0.87,0.1,True,English,"['mixed outlook', 'small-business lending', 'Fintech', 'vaKfA1HzQk', 'regtech', 'mixed outlook', 'small-business lending', 'Fintech', 'vaKfA1HzQk', 'regtech']",2022-05-13,2022-05-16,Unknown
4821,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@VickyPeeters2 @tahirmir @rdv_analytics @RoyalOrange7 but I thought Euroclear announced they were able to convert A… https://t.co/caeD39NZ1s,nan,@VickyPeeters2 @tahirmir @rdv_analytics @RoyalOrange7 but I thought Euroclear announced they were able to convert A… https://t.co/caeD39NZ1s,neutral,0.03,0.89,0.08,neutral,0.03,0.89,0.08,True,English,"['VickyPeeters2', 'tahirmir', 'rdv_analytics', 'RoyalOrange7', 'Euroclear', 'caeD39NZ1s', 'VickyPeeters2', 'tahirmir', 'rdv_analytics', 'RoyalOrange7', 'Euroclear', 'caeD39NZ1s']",2022-05-13,2022-05-16,Unknown
4825,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,For the ClearStream 2MAX HDTV Antenna  the key highlight is its relatively small size with its rather bold design w… https://t.co/Er1i9gfTbb,nan,For the ClearStream 2MAX HDTV Antenna  the key highlight is its relatively small size with its rather bold design w… https://t.co/Er1i9gfTbb,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['ClearStream 2MAX HDTV Antenna', 'key highlight', 'small size', 'bold design', 'Er1i9gfTbb', 'ClearStream 2MAX HDTV Antenna', 'key highlight', 'small size', 'bold design', 'Er1i9gfTbb']",2022-05-13,2022-05-16,Unknown
4826,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse partners with Clearstream to Publish Bond Liquidity Data https://t.co/fyFXVdvRNX,nan,Deutsche Boerse partners with Clearstream to Publish Bond Liquidity Data https://t.co/fyFXVdvRNX,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Bond Liquidity Data', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream', 'fyFXVdvRNX', 'Bond Liquidity Data', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Clearstream', 'fyFXVdvRNX']",2022-05-12,2022-05-16,Unknown
4880,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Truliant Federal Credit Union in North Carolina names diversity leader #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/8Q8IN9JW7W #regtech,nan,Truliant Federal Credit Union in North Carolina names diversity leader #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/8Q8IN9JW7W #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Truliant Federal Credit Union', 'North Carolina names', 'diversity leader', 'Fintech', '8Q8IN9JW7W', 'regtech', 'Truliant Federal Credit Union', 'North Carolina names', 'diversity leader', 'Fintech', '8Q8IN9JW7W', 'regtech']",2022-05-13,2022-05-16,Unknown
4883,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,on March 25  2022  that Clearstream had blocked its account. Also  the ruble bridge between Clearstream and Eurocl… https://t.co/ojqYU5KO2p,nan,on March 25  2022  that Clearstream had blocked its account. Also  the ruble bridge between Clearstream and Eurocl… https://t.co/ojqYU5KO2p,negative,0.01,0.21,0.78,negative,0.01,0.21,0.78,True,English,"['ruble bridge', 'March', 'Clearstream', 'account', 'Eurocl', 'ojqYU5KO2p', 'ruble bridge', 'March', 'Clearstream', 'account', 'Eurocl', 'ojqYU5KO2p']",2022-05-13,2022-05-16,Unknown
4884,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Gérard Soisson  manager of the transaction clearing company Clearstream  was found dead in Corsica  two months afte… https://t.co/HNThVJ2GgE,nan,Gérard Soisson  manager of the transaction clearing company Clearstream  was found dead in Corsica  two months afte… https://t.co/HNThVJ2GgE,negative,0.01,0.05,0.94,negative,0.01,0.05,0.94,True,English,"['Gérard Soisson', 'transaction clearing company', 'manager', 'Clearstream', 'Corsica', 'HNThVJ2GgE', 'Gérard Soisson', 'transaction clearing company', 'manager', 'Clearstream', 'Corsica', 'HNThVJ2GgE']",2022-05-13,2022-05-16,Unknown
4911,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/type-shareholders-own-most-number-135645097.html,What Type Of Shareholders Own The Most Number of Forge Global Holdings  Inc. (NYSE:FRGE) Shares?,If you want to know who really controls Forge Global Holdings  Inc. ( NYSE:FRGE )  then you'll have to look at the...,"If you want to know who really controls Forge Global Holdings  Inc. (NYSE:FRGE)  then you'll have to look at the makeup of its share registry. Generally speaking  as a company grows  institutions will increase their ownership. Conversely  insiders often decrease their ownership over time. Warren Buffett said that he likes ""a business with enduring competitive advantages that is run by able and owner-oriented people."" So it's nice to see some insider ownership  because it may suggest that management is owner-oriented.With a market capitalization of US$4.8b  Forge Global Holdings is rather large. We'd expect to see institutional investors on the register. Companies of this size are usually well known to retail investors  too. In the chart below  we can see that institutions are noticeable on the share registry. Let's take a closer look to see what the different types of shareholders can tell us about Forge Global Holdings.View our latest analysis for Forge Global HoldingsWhat Does The Institutional Ownership Tell Us About Forge Global Holdings?Institutions typically measure themselves against a benchmark when reporting to their own investors  so they often become more enthusiastic about a stock once it's included in a major index. We would expect most companies to have some institutions on the register  especially if they are growing.Forge Global Holdings already has institutions on the share registry. Indeed  they own a respectable stake in the company. This implies the analysts working for those institutions have looked at the stock and they like it. But just like anyone else  they could be wrong. If multiple institutions change their view on a stock at the same time  you could see the share price drop fast. It's therefore worth looking at Forge Global Holdings' earnings history below. Of course  the future is what really matters.Forge Global Holdings is not owned by hedge funds. Our data shows that Deutsche Boerse AG  Asset Management Arm is the largest shareholder with 14% of shares outstanding. For context  the second largest shareholder holds about 8.3% of the shares outstanding  followed by an ownership of 6.0% by the third-largest shareholder. Furthermore  CEO Kelly Rodriques is the owner of 3.3% of the company's shares.Story continuesAfter doing some more digging  we found that the top 13 have the combined ownership of 50% in the company  suggesting that no single shareholder has significant control over the company.While studying institutional ownership for a company can add value to your research  it is also a good practice to research analyst recommendations to get a deeper understand of a stock's expected performance. As far as we can tell there isn't analyst coverage of the company  so it is probably flying under the radar.Insider Ownership Of Forge Global HoldingsThe definition of company insiders can be subjective and does vary between jurisdictions. Our data reflects individual insiders  capturing board members at the very least. Management ultimately answers to the board. However  it is not uncommon for managers to be executive board members  especially if they are a founder or the CEO.I generally consider insider ownership to be a good thing. However  on some occasions it makes it more difficult for other shareholders to hold the board accountable for decisions.Our information suggests that insiders maintain a significant holding in Forge Global Holdings  Inc.. It has a market capitalization of just US$4.8b  and insiders have US$727m worth of shares in their own names. That's quite significant. Most would say this shows a good degree of alignment with shareholders  especially in a company of this size. You can click here to see if those insiders have been buying or selling.General Public OwnershipThe general public-- including retail investors -- own 49% stake in the company  and hence can't easily be ignored. This size of ownership  while considerable  may not be enough to change company policy if the decision is not in sync with other large shareholders.Private Equity OwnershipWith a stake of 13%  private equity firms could influence the Forge Global Holdings board. Sometimes we see private equity stick around for the long term  but generally speaking they have a shorter investment horizon and -- as the name suggests -- don't invest in public companies much. After some time they may look to sell and redeploy capital elsewhere.Next Steps:While it is well worth considering the different groups that own a company  there are other factors that are even more important. Consider risks  for instance. Every company has them  and we've spotted 1 warning sign for Forge Global Holdings you should know about.Of course this may not be the best stock to buy. So take a peek at this free free list of interesting companies.NB: Figures in this article are calculated using data from the last twelve months  which refer to the 12-month period ending on the last date of the month the financial statement is dated. This may not be consistent with full year annual report figures.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.46,0.09,0.45,True,English,"['Forge Global Holdings', 'What Type', 'Most Number', 'Shareholders', 'NYSE', 'FRGE', 'Shares', 'full year annual report figures', ""Forge Global Holdings' earnings history"", 'Forge Global Holdings board', 'enduring competitive advantages', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'US$727m worth', 'shorter investment horizon', 'free free list', 'last twelve months', 'private equity firms', 'CEO Kelly Rodriques', 'second largest shareholder', 'executive board members', 'Asset Management Arm', 'Private Equity Ownership', 'other large shareholders', 'General Public Ownership', 'last date', 'other factors', 'third-largest shareholder', 'single shareholder', 'other shareholders', 'public companies', 'share registry', 'Warren Buffett', 'owner-oriented people', 'market capitalization', 'closer look', 'different types', 'latest analysis', 'major index', 'share price', 'hedge funds', 'significant control', 'good practice', 'analyst recommendations', 'deeper understand', 'expected performance', 'analyst coverage', 'good thing', 'significant holding', 'good degree', 'long term', 'Next Steps', 'different groups', '1 warning sign', '12-month period', 'financial statement', 'insider ownership', 'Institutional Ownership', 'combined ownership', 'institutional investors', 'retail investors', 'most companies', 'interesting companies', 'respectable stake', 'same time', 'individual insiders', 'best stock', 'company policy', 'multiple institutions', 'company insiders', '49% stake', 'NYSE', 'FRGE', 'makeup', 'business', 'register', 'size', 'chart', 'benchmark', 'analysts', 'view', 'future', 'data', 'shares', 'context', 'digging', 'value', 'research', 'radar', 'definition', 'jurisdictions', 'managers', 'founder', 'occasions', 'decisions', 'information', 'names', 'alignment', 'sync', 'risks', 'instance', 'peek', 'NB', 'article', 'fee']",2022-05-15,2022-05-16,finance.yahoo.com
4914,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-sarclisa-isatuximab-combination-073000099.html,Press Release: Sarclisa® (isatuximab) combination provides unprecedented median progression free survival in patients with relapsed multiple myeloma receiving a proteasome inhibitor therapy,Sarclisa® (isatuximab) combination provides unprecedented median progression free survival in patients with relapsed multiple myeloma receiving a proteasome ...,Sanofi - Aventis GroupeSarclisa® (isatuximab) combination provides unprecedented median progression free survival in patients with relapsed multiple myeloma receiving a proteasome inhibitor therapyLatest results of the Phase 3 IKEMA trial demonstrate the longest median progression free survival (mPFS) on a proteasome inhibitor backbone in patients who relapsed after a prior therapy  including lenalidomideThe median progression free survival  increased from 19.2 months to 35.7 months when Sarclisa was added to carfilzomib and dexamethasoneFurther analysis  following U.S. Food and Drug Administration recommendations on censoring rules  showed mPFS increased from 20.8 to 41.7 months when Sarclisa was added to carfilzomib and dexamethasonePARIS  May 15  2022. Latest results from the Phase 3 IKEMA clinical trial evaluating Sarclisa® (isatuximab) in combination with carfilzomib and dexamethasone (Kd) demonstrated a median progression free survival (mPFS) of 35.7 months (Hazard Ratio [HR] 0.58; 95% Confidence Interval [CI]: 25.8 to 44.0; n=179)  compared to 19.2 months in patients treated with Kd alone (95% CI: 15.8 to 25.1; n=123)  as evaluated by an Independent Review Committee. These results  presented at the Controversies in Multiple Myeloma World Congress  represent the longest mPFS among studies investigating a proteasome inhibitor backbone in the second-line setting for the treatment of relapsed multiple myeloma (MM). These data will also be presented at the European Society for Medical Oncology on May 19.Philippe Moreau  MDHead of the Department of Hematology  University Hospital of Nantes  France“The increase in progression free survival  observed consistently across all subgroups  when adding Sarclisa to carfilzomib and dexamethasone is remarkable in patients with relapsed multiple myeloma in a proteasome inhibitor combination. Relapse is common in multiple myeloma  creating the need for differentiated second-line treatments that provide patients a longer period of time without disease progression. This updated analysis reinforces the potential for Sarclisa to become a new standard of care for patients with relapsed multiple myeloma.”Story continuesA PFS analysis following the U.S. Food and Drug Administration recommendations on censoring rules  as applied in the approved U.S. prescribing information  showed an mPFS of 41.7 months for Sarclisa added to Kd (Sarclisa combination therapy) compared to 20.8 months in patients treated with Kd alone (HR 0.59; 95% CI: 27.1 to Not Calculable [NC]).Time to next treatment for patients treated with Sarclisa combination therapy was 44.9 months (HR 0.55; 95% CI: 31.6 to NC) versus those treated with Kd alone at 25 months (95% CI: 17.9 to 31.3). Time to next treatment measured the interval from the date of randomization1 to the date of commencement of the next line of therapy  thereby allowing for measurement of the period of therapeutic benefit.2Peter C. Adamson  MDGlobal Head of Oncology Clinical Development and Pediatric Innovation at Sanofi“To observe progression free survival of more than three years in patients with relapsed multiple myeloma when Sarclisa was added to a proteasome inhibitor backbone of therapy is unprecedented and reinforces our confidence in Sarclisa as a potential best in class anti-CD38 antibody.”The safety and tolerability of Sarclisa observed in this analysis were consistent with the safety profile of Sarclisa in other clinical trials  with no new safety signals observed. For the Sarclisa combination therapy and Kd groups  the most common adverse events were infusion related reaction (45.8%  3.3%)  diarrhea (39.5%  32%)  hypertension (37.9%  35.2%)  upper respiratory tract infection (37.3%  27%)  fatigue (31.6%  20.5%)  dyspnoea (30.5%  22.1%)  pneumonia (27.1%  21.3%)  back pain (25.4%  21.3%)  insomnia (25.4%  24.6%)  and bronchitis (24.3%  12.3%). Treatment exposure in the Sarclisa combination therapy arm was 30 weeks longer than in the control arm. Treatment emergent adverse events (TEAEs) of ≥ Grade 3 were reported in 83.6% of patients treated with Sarclisa combination therapy and in 73% of those treated with Kd alone. Serious TEAEs were higher in the Sarclisa combination therapy arm versus Kd alone (70.1% versus 59.8%). No difference was observed after exposure adjustment.”These results will be discussed with regulatory authorities at a future date.About the IKEMA trialThe randomized  multi-center  open label Phase 3 IKEMA clinical trial enrolled 302 patients with relapsed MM across 69 centers spanning 16 countries. All study participants had received one to three prior anti-myeloma therapies. During the trial  Sarclisa was administered through an intravenous infusion at a dose of 10mg/kg once weekly for four weeks  then every other week for 28-day cycles in combination with carfilzomib twice weekly at the 20/56mg/m2 dose and dexamethasone at the standard dose for the duration of treatment. The primary endpoint of IKEMA was progression free survival. Secondary endpoints included overall response rate  the rate of complete response or better  the rate of very good partial response or better  rate of minimal residual disease-negativity  overall survival and safety.3About SarclisaSarclisa is a monoclonal antibody that targets a specific epitope on the CD38 receptor on multiple myeloma (MM) cells. It is designed to work through multiple mechanisms of action including programmed tumor cell death (apoptosis) and immunomodulatory activity. CD38 is highly and uniformly expressed on the surface of MM cells  making it a potential target for antibody-based therapeutics such as Sarclisa.Based on the Phase 3 ICARIA-MM study  Sarclisa is approved in a number of countries  including the U.S. and EU  in combination with pomalidomide and dexamethasone for the treatment of patients with relapsed refractory MM (RRMM) who have received ≥2 prior therapies  including lenalidomide and a proteasome inhibitor. Based on the Phase 3 IKEMA study  Sarclisa is also approved in multiple countries in combination with carfilzomib and dexamethasone  including in the U.S. for the treatment of patients with RRMM who have received 1–3 prior lines of therapy and in the European Union for patients with MM who have received at least 1 prior therapy. In the U.S.  the generic name for Sarclisa is isatuximab-irfc  with irfc as the suffix designated in accordance with Nonproprietary Naming of Biological Products Guidance for Industry issued by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).Sarclisa continues to be evaluated in multiple ongoing Phase 3 clinical trials in combination with current standard treatments across the MM treatment continuum. It is also under investigation for the treatment of other hematologic malignancies and solid tumors. The safety and efficacy of these additional uses have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority worldwide.For more information on Sarclisa clinical trials  please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov.About multiple myelomaMM is the second most common hematologic malignancy 4 with more than 130 000 new diagnoses of MM worldwide yearly.5 Despite available treatments  MM remains an incurable malignancy and is associated with significant patient burden. Since MM does not have a cure  most patients will relapse. Relapsed MM is the term for when the cancer returns after treatment or a period of remission. Refractory MM refers to when the cancer does not respond or no longer responds to therapy.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comKate Conway | + 617 685 5326 | kate.conway@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comPriya Nanduri | +1 908 981 5560 | priya.nanduri@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.1 ClincalTrials.gov. Identifier # NCT03275285.https://www.clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT03275285?term=IKEMA&draw=2&rank=1. Accessed April 2022.2 Campbell. Time to Next Treatment as a Meaningful Endpoint for Trials of Primary Cutaneous Lymphoma. Cancers vol. 12 8 2311. 17 Aug. 2020  doi:10.3390/cancers12082311.3 ClinicalTrials.gov. Identifier # NCT03275285. https://www.clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT03275285?cond=NCT03275285&draw=2&rank=1. Accessed April 2022.4 Kazandjian. Multiple myeloma epidemiology and survival: A unique malignancy. Semin Oncol. 2016;43(6):676-681. doi:10.1053/j/seminoncol.2016.11.004.5 International Myeloma Foundation. Myeloma Action Month. https://mam.myeloma.org/learn-more-about-multiple-myeloma/. Accessed April 2022.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.38,0.25,0.37,True,English,"['unprecedented median progression free survival', 'proteasome inhibitor therapy', 'Press Release', 'isatuximab) combination', 'multiple myeloma', 'Sarclisa®', 'patients', 'randomized, multi-center, open label Phase 3 IKEMA clinical trial', 'one to three prior anti-myeloma therapies', 'unprecedented median progression free survival', 'longest median progression free survival', 'upper respiratory tract infection', 'U.S. prescribing information', 'Treatment emergent adverse events', 'Multiple Myeloma World Congress', 'Phase 3 IKEMA trial', 'other clinical trials', 'Sarclisa combination therapy arm', 'Oncology Clinical Development', 'common adverse events', 'U.S. Food', 'proteasome inhibitor backbone', 'Drug Administration recommendations', 'Independent Review Committee', 'Peter C. Adamson', 'class anti-CD38 antibody', 'proteasome inhibitor therapy', 'proteasome inhibitor combination', 'differentiated second-line treatments', 'infusion related reaction', 'overall response rate', 'A PFS analysis', 'new safety signals', 'prior therapy', 'three years', 'disease progression', 'control arm', '20.8 to 41.7 months', 'longest mPFS', 'second-line setting', 'Medical Oncology', 'new standard', 'intravenous infusion', 'Aventis Groupe', 'censoring rules', 'Hazard Ratio', 'European Society', 'Philippe Moreau', 'University Hospital', 'next treatment', 'next line', 'therapeutic benefit', 'Pediatric Innovation', 'safety profile', 'back pain', 'Treatment exposure', 'exposure adjustment', 'regulatory authorities', 'study participants', 'four weeks', '28-day cycles', 'primary endpoint', 'Secondary endpoints', 'Further analysis', '20/56mg/m2 dose', 'standard dose', 'Latest results', 'longer period', 'Global Head', 'Serious TEAEs', 'future date', 'Kd groups', 'Confidence Interval', 'Sarclisa®', '19.2 months', '35.7 months', '20.8 months', '44.9 months', '25 months', 'Sanofi', 'patients', 'lenalidomide', 'carfilzomib', 'dexamethasone', 'PARIS', 'May', 'isatuximab', '5% CI', 'Controversies', 'studies', 'data', 'MD', 'Department', 'Hematology', 'Nantes', 'France', 'increase', 'subgroups', 'Relapse', 'need', 'time', 'potential', 'care', 'Story', 'randomization1', 'commencement', 'measurement', 'tolerability', 'diarrhea', 'hypertension', 'fatigue', 'dyspnoea', 'pneumonia', 'insomnia', 'bronchitis', 'Grade', 'difference', '69 centers', '16 countries', '10mg', 'kg', 'duration', '≥']",2022-05-15,2022-05-16,finance.yahoo.com
4915,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/irish/share-buybacks-playing-a-part-in-hollowing-out-the-dublin-exchange-41648249.html,Share buybacks playing a part in hollowing out the Dublin exchange,Grafton is the latest company to announce plans to buy back its shares. Does this mean that Irish businesses have run out of other things to do with their money?,Grafton is the latest company to announce plans to buy back its shares. Does this mean that Irish businesses have run out of other things to do with their money?The building materials and DIY group said last week it plans to spend up to £100m (€117m) buying back its shares between now and the end of the year.AIB and Bank of Ireland are at it too. Earlier this month Bank of Ireland completed a €50m buyback  its first since 2004  while AIB hopes to spend up to €91m buying back its shares.And it’s not just Grafton and the banks  agrifood giant Glanbia completed another €50m share buyback this month. This comes on top of a previous €50m buyback completed in April 2021.Origin Enterprises is also buying back its shares. It announced a €40m buyback in March. Shareholders will be hoping this buyback works out better than the previous one. In 2013 the company splurged €100m buying back 13.3 million of its own shares  at an average price of €7.50 a share.It turned out Origin bought at close to the top and the share price started slip-sliding away soon after the buyback  bottoming out at just €2.11 during the depths of the pandemic panic in March 2020. The Origin share price has since recovered strongly and is now trading around €4.35.Read MoreHowever  these buyback sagas pale by comparison with those of CRH and Ryanair.CRH  Ireland’s largest industrial company  spent a massive $3.2bn (€3.1bn) CRH switched its reporting currency from euro to dollars in 2020) buying back 85 million of its shares between May 2018 and March of this year. And the company isn’t done yet.It plans to spend a further $300m on its own shares by the end of next month  with further buybacks likely after that.Announcing the completion of the last phase of the buyback in March  CRH stated that: “Any decision in relation to any future buyback programmes will be based on an ongoing assessment of the capital needs of the business and general market conditions.”But even the huge CRH share buyback falls into the tuppence ha’penny category by contrast with Ryanair.Since 2008  Michael O’Leary’s company has spent just under €5bn buying back its shares and a further €1.9bn in special dividends and distributions. That’s a grand total of €6.85bn.Traditional corporate finance theory holds that companies should only buy back their own shares when they have run out of other more profitable investment opportunities. Many companies reject this interpretation and point to individual company-specific circumstances as justification for their buybacks.A Grafton spokesperson points out that the company disposed of its UK merchanting business in July 2021 for an enterprise value (the purchase price plus the company debt being assumed by the buyer) of £520m. This left Grafton flush with cash  some of which is now being returned to shareholders by way of the buyback.In addition  the Grafton share price has fallen by over a third since last August.“Why go out and buy other businesses if the state of the market means that our shares represent better value?” asked the spokesperson.In AIB’s case  with the State still owning about 71pc of the bank  most of the buyback proceeds – about €64m – will go to the Exchequer in part repayment of the near €21bn of taxpayers’ money that was pumped into the bank to save it from collapse after the 2008 crash.The CRH buyback is probably best interpreted as a gradual unwinding of the €1.1bn one-for-four rights issue in 2009  when CRH issued almost 104 million new shares at €10.50 each.The current CRH share price is €36. However  a CRH spokesperson points out that the company has paid less than the weighted average of the share price since 2018.“Buybacks are an efficient means of cash distribution to shareholders  allied to disciplined financial management  powerful cash generation and dynamic capital management … all with the aim to maximise long term value and deliver superior returns for shareholders”  said the CRH spokesperson.In the case of Ryanair  despite having been a listed company since 1997  the airline has not paid an ordinary dividend over the past quarter of a century – so the regular flow of share buybacks and distributions should be seen as being at least a partial substitute. A kind of quasi-dividend  as it were.Still  no matter how strongly the companies buying back their shares insist that this is an efficient use of their cash  there is something seriously wonky about a market where companies are in aggregate returning far more cash to their existing shareholders than they are raising from new investors.Only two new companies listed on Euronext Dublin in the past 12 months – while  in addition to share buybacks  no fewer than four companies – CPL  Applegreen  Abbey and Total Produce – have exited the market.Share buybacks running into the billions of euro and IPOs slowing to a trickle cast a long shadow over the future of the Dublin equities market.,negative,0.18,0.39,0.43,mixed,0.13,0.19,0.68,True,English,"['Share buybacks', 'Dublin exchange', 'part', 'Traditional corporate finance theory', 'current CRH share price', 'The Origin share price', 'huge CRH share buyback', 'agrifood giant Glanbia', 'Michael O’Leary', 'profitable investment opportunities', 'individual company-specific circumstances', 'four rights issue', 'UK merchanting business', 'dynamic capital management', 'general market conditions', '€50m share buyback', 'The CRH buyback', 'powerful cash generation', 'long term value', 'largest industrial company', 'Grafton share price', 'two new companies', 'previous €50m buyback', 'Dublin equities market', 'future buyback programmes', '104 million new shares', 'A Grafton spokesperson', 'purchase price', 'new investors', 'previous one', 'capital needs', 'financial management', 'Euronext Dublin', 'long shadow', 'Origin Enterprises', 'share buybacks', 'average price', 'four companies', '€40m buyback', 'buyback sagas', 'buyback proceeds', 'Irish businesses', 'building materials', 'DIY group', 'pandemic panic', 'reporting currency', 'next month', 'last phase', 'ongoing assessment', 'tuppence ha', 'penny category', 'special dividends', 'grand total', 'enterprise value', 'last August', 'part repayment', 'gradual unwinding', 'CRH spokesperson', 'efficient means', 'superior returns', 'past quarter', 'regular flow', 'partial substitute', 'efficient use', 'past 12 months', 'Total Produce', 'other things', 'Many companies', 'other businesses', 'cash distribution', 'taxpayers’ money', 'ordinary dividend', 'latest company', 'company debt', 'existing shareholders', 'plans', 'year', 'AIB', 'Bank', 'Ireland', 'top', 'April', 'March', 'depths', 'comparison', 'Ryanair', 'massive $', 'dollars', 'May', 'completion', 'decision', 'relation', 'contrast', 'distributions', 'interpretation', 'justification', 'July', 'buyer', 'way', 'addition', 'state', 'case', '71pc', 'Exchequer', 'collapse', '2008 crash', '€1.1bn', 'aim', 'airline', 'century', 'something', 'aggregate', 'fewer', 'CPL', 'Applegreen', 'Abbey', 'billions', 'IPOs', 'trickle']",2022-05-15,2022-05-16,independent.ie
4925,Euroclear,Google API,https://themarketherald.com.au/terracom-asxter-works-to-finalise-prepayment-facility-withdraws-from-republic-of-guinea-2022-05-16/,TerraCom (ASX:TER) works to finalise prepayment facility  withdraws from Republic of Guinea,17 hours ago,Be the first with the news that moves the marketSubscribe Be the first with the news that moves the marketTerraCom (TER) is working to finalise its prepayment facility in order to fully repay the Euroclear BondThe company has receipted a further US$10 million (A$14.4 million) for the prepayment facility  with the remaining US$30 million to be received by the end of the monthTER has faced delays on the receipt of the coal sales prepayment  but a long-standing customer has agreed to provide the prepayment on an interest free basisIn other news  the company will withdraw its interests from the Republic of Guinea due to political instability and uncertaintyShares are trading 1.75 per cent higher today at 58 centsTerraCom (TER) has been working to finalise its prepayment facility in order to fully repay the Euroclear Bond.The company has receipted a further US$10 million (A$14.4 million) for the prepayment facility  with the remaining US$30 million to be received by the end of the month.The funds will be used to fully repay the Euroclear Bond  which currently has a balance of $38.8 million.TER has faced delays on the receipt of the coal sales prepayment  but a long-standing customer has agreed to provide the prepayment on an interest free basis.“The prepayment facility has unfortunately taken longer than initially anticipated tofinalise; however  the company has negotiated a very good overall outcome whereby the prepayment funds will now be interest free ” Executive Chairman Craig Ransley said.Additionally  due to political instability and uncertainty  the company has chosen withdraw its interests from the Republic of Guinea.It is no longer seeking opportunities or potential projects within the region.Looking ahead  the company is expected to deliver eight cargoes at about 650 000 tonnes from Blair Athol.Shares were trading 1.75 per cent higher today at 58 cents each at 12:48 pm AEST.,neutral,0.03,0.87,0.1,mixed,0.13,0.12,0.75,True,English,"['prepayment facility', 'TerraCom', 'ASX', 'Republic', 'Guinea', 'Executive Chairman Craig Ransley', 'interest free basis', 'good overall outcome', 'coal sales prepayment', 'prepayment facility', 'Euroclear Bond', 'long-standing customer', 'political instability', 'potential projects', 'eight cargoes', 'Blair Athol', 'prepayment funds', 'other news', 'uncertainty Shares', 'market', 'TerraCom', 'order', 'company', 'remaining', 'end', 'month', 'delays', 'receipt', 'interests', 'Republic', 'Guinea', '58 cents', 'balance', 'opportunities', 'region', '650,000 tonnes', '12:48']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,themarketherald.com.au
4926,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/Globe+Newswire/Notice+of+Extraordinary+General+Meeting+of+Lundin+Energy+AB/20079855.html,Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting of Lundin Energy AB,6 hours ago,The shareholders of Lundin Energy AB (publ)  556610-8055  (the “Company”) are hereby given notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on Thursday 16 June 2022 at 09.00 a.m. (CEST).Important information regarding participation and votingThe Board of Directors has decided to hold the Extraordinary General Meeting as a virtual meeting combined with an option to vote by post in advance of the Extraordinary General Meeting in accordance with the Swedish Act on Temporary Exemptions to Facilitate the Execution of General Meetings in Companies and Associations.For terms and instructions for online participation and voting at the Extraordinary General Meeting  please refer to the section “Online participation and voting at the Extraordinary General Meeting” below.For terms and instructions for voting by post in advance of the Extraordinary General Meeting  please refer to the section “Voting by post in advance of the Extraordinary General Meeting” below.Please note that despite thorough preparations  it cannot be ruled out that as a result of technical complications  online participation or voting at the Extraordinary General Meeting does not work as intended. The Extraordinary General Meeting will be held regardless of any such complications and there is a risk that votes submitted online at the Extraordinary General Meeting are not registered. Consequently  if you want to be certain of being able to exercise your voting rights  you should vote by post in advance of the Extraordinary General Meeting.Please also note that it will not be possible to vote both by post in advance of the Extraordinary General Meeting and online at the Extraordinary General Meeting. If a postal vote is submitted in accordance with the terms and instructions for voting by post and such postal vote is not withdrawn by the shareholder by Friday 10 June 2022  the Company will consider the postal vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting.It is possible to vote by post in advance of the Extraordinary General Meeting and still follow the Extraordinary General Meeting without exercising any voting rights online. Please see the section “Voting by post in advance of the Extraordinary General Meeting” below for more information.Online participation and voting at the Extraordinary General MeetingShareholders who wish to participate online at the Extraordinary General Meeting on Thursday 16 June 2022 at 09.00 a.m. (CEST) must:be entered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday 8 June 2022 or  if the shares are registered in the name of a nominee  request that the nominee registers the shares in the shareholder’s own name for voting purposes in such time that the registration is completed by Friday 10 June 2022; andgive notice of participation no later than Friday 10 June 2022 through the website www.lundin-energy.com (only applicable to individuals) or by post to Computershare AB  “Lundin Energy AB’s EGM”  Box 5267  102 46 Stockholm  Sweden  by telephone Int +46-8-518 01 554 or by email [email protected]When giving notice of participation  please state name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address and telephone number.In order to participate and vote online  you must have a reliable network connection throughout the Extraordinary General Meeting. Participation online is possible through a computer  a smartphone or a tablet  updated with the latest software version of operating systems etc.  by using a web browser.If you have registered to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting  you will receive login instructions on the admission card which will be sent to the address stated in your notice of participation. On the day of the Extraordinary General Meeting  you can login on the virtual platform from 08.00 a.m. (CEST) and you must have logged in on the virtual platform no later than 09.00 a.m. (CEST) to be able to participate.In connection with each voting item  you will be able to choose between the alternatives “Yes”  “No” and “Abstain”. There will be no opportunity to speak but it will be possible to ask questions during the meeting by typing a question using a Q&A function.Shareholders who do not participate or vote online in person may exercise their rights at the Extraordinary General Meeting through a proxy. In order for the proxy to obtain login instructions to the virtual platform  the proxy’s name  personal identification number or corporate registration number and address must be included in the notification to participate online. A proxy form  certificate of registration and other documents of authority shall be appended to the notification to participate online. A proxy form is available on www.lundin-energy.com and will be sent to shareholders upon request.Voting by post in advance of the Extraordinary General MeetingShareholders who wish to exercise their voting rights by post in advance of the Extraordinary General Meeting must:be entered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday 8 June 2022 or  if the shares are registered in the name of a nominee  request that the nominee registers the shares in the shareholder’s own name for voting purposes in such time that the registration is completed by Friday 10 June 2022; andsubmit that the Company receives a postal vote in accordance with the instructions set out below by Friday 10 June 2022.In order to vote by post in advance of the Extraordinary General Meeting  the shareholders shall use the voting form and follow the Company’s instructions that are available on the Company’s website  www.lundin-energy.com. The voting form should be sent either:by post to Computershare AB  Att. “Lundin Energy AB’s EGM”  Box 5267  102 46 Stockholm  Sweden; orby email to [email protected] (with the reference “Lundin Energy AB’s EGM”); orelectronically with BankID through the Company’s website  www.lundin-energy.com.If a shareholder’s voting rights are exercised by proxy  a power of attorney for the proxy and other authorisation documents must be enclosed with the voting form. A proxy form is available on www.lundin-energy.com and will be sent to shareholders upon request.Shareholders who wish to exercise their voting rights by post in advance of the Extraordinary General Meeting may still follow the Extraordinary General Meeting online (without also exercising voting rights online). In order to receive login instructions  please elect for this option in the voting form.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the Extraordinary General Meeting.2. Election of Chairman of the Extraordinary General Meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting register.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes.6. Determination as to whether the Extraordinary General Meeting has been duly convened.7. Nomination Committee proposals:Proposal for the number of members of the Board of Directors.Proposal for remuneration of the Chair and other members of the Board of Directors.Proposal for Board LTIP 2022.Proposal for delivery of shares under the Board LTIP 2022.Proposal for election of Chair and other members of the Board of Directors.Proposal for a revised Nomination Committee Process.8. Resolution in respect of the number of members of the Board of Directors.9. Resolution in respect of remuneration of the Chair and other members of the Board of Directors.10. Resolution in respect of Board LTIP 2022.11. Resolution in respect of delivery of shares under the Board LTIP 2022 through:a) an issue and transfer of warrants of series 2022:1; orb) an equity swap arrangement with a third party.12. Resolution in respect of election of Chair and other members of the Board of Directors:a) re-election of C. Ashley Heppenstall as a member of the Board of Directors;b) re-election of Grace Reksten Skaugen as a member of the Board of Directors;c) re-election of Jakob Thomasen as a member of the Board of Directors;d) new election of Aksel Azrac as a member of the Board of Directors;e) new election of Daniel Fitzgerald as a member of the Board of Directors; andf) new election of Grace Reksten Skaugen as Chair of the Board of Directors.13. Resolution in respect of a revised Nomination Committee Process.14. Resolution in respect of Policy on Remuneration for Group Management.15. Resolution in respect of Employee LTIP 2022.16. Resolution in respect of delivery of shares under the Employee LTIP 2022 through:a) an issue and transfer of warrants of series 2022:2; orb) an equity swap arrangement with a third party.17. Resolution in respect of authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on new issue of shares and convertible debentures.18. Resolution in respect of amendment of the Articles of Association.19. Closing of the Extraordinary General Meeting.Proposals for resolutions to be presented at the Extraordinary General Meeting of Lundin Energy AB on Thursday 16 June 2022Item 2: Election of Chairman of the Extraordinary General MeetingThe Nomination Committee proposes that Advokat Klaes Edhall is elected Chairman of the Extraordinary General Meeting or  if he is absent  any other person appointed by the Nomination Committee.Item 3: Preparation and approval of the voting registerThe Board of Directors proposes that the register prepared by Computershare AB (on behalf of the Company) based on the Company’s share register  shareholders attending online and postal votes received by the Company is approved as voting register for the Extraordinary General Meeting.Item 5: Election of one or two persons to verify the minutesThe Board of Directors proposes that Oskar Börjesson  representing Livförsäkringsbolaget Skandia  ömsesidigt and Nils-Erik Sandberg  or  if one or both of them are absent  any person or persons appointed by the Board of Directors  are elected to verify the minutes of the meeting.Item 8: Resolution in respect of the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that five members of the Board of Directors are elected  without deputy members.The resolution shall be conditional upon  and take legal effect in connection with  the completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP. Completion of the combination is planned to occur on 30 June 2022.Item 9: Resolution in respect of remuneration of the Chair and other members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes the following annual remuneration of the Chair and other members of the Board of Directors to be paid pro rata in relation to the period between the date on which the resolution takes legal effect and the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023:EUR 120 000 for the Chair of the Board of Directors;EUR 60 000 for each of the other members of the Board of Directors elected by the Extraordinary General Meeting (excluding the Chair of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer);EUR 10 000 for Chairs of Committees of the Board of Directors; andEUR 5 000 for other members of Committees of the Board of Directors (excluding Chairs of Committees of the Board of Directors)  with the total fees for Committee work (including fees for Chairs of Committees) not to exceed EUR 50 000.The resolution shall be conditional upon  and take legal effect in connection with  the completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP. Completion of the combination is planned to occur on 30 June 2022.Item 10: Resolution in respect of Board LTIP 2022The Nomination Committee proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to establish a one-off long-term share-related incentive plan in the form of a share option plan for members of the Board of Directors of the Company on the terms and conditions set out below (the “Board LTIP 2022”).Background and purposeThe reason for establishing a one-off long-term share-related incentive plan for the members of the Board of Directors is to align their interests with the interests of the shareholders as well as to provide market appropriate reward for a new business reflecting continuity  commitment and share price appreciation. The Nomination Committee believes that the Board LTIP 2022 will provide the Company with a crucial component to a competitive total compensation package to the members of the Board of Directors who are critical to the Company’s future success after the completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP.Terms and conditionsThe Company will grant options (“Board Options”) free of charge to members of the Board of Directors (excluding the Chief Executive Officer) pursuant to the following principles.1. The Nomination Committee may grant a maximum of 450 000 Board Options to the Chair of the Board of Directors that is proposed to be elected under item 12 of the proposed agenda and a maximum of 225 000 Board Options to the other members of the Board of Directors (excluding the Chief Executive Officer) that are proposed to be elected under item 12 of the proposed agenda (i.e. a maximum of 1 125 000 Board Options in total). The value of the granted Board Options is to correspond to an amount equal to one year of the annual remuneration proposed under item 9 of the proposed agenda as determined using a customary valuation method.2. Each Board Option shall entitle the holder to purchase one share in the Company subject to the continued engagement as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. Accordingly  the maximum number of shares available for the participants under the Board LTIP 2022 shall be 1 125 000.3. The purchase price per share in the Company upon exercise of a Board Option (the “Exercise Price”) shall correspond to 120 per cent of the volume weighted average price for the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm during 18–22 July 2022  or a later period of five trading days as determined by the Nomination Committee in the event (a) completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP has not occurred by 18 July 2022 or (b) the volume weighted average price during 18–22 July 2022 is not deemed to be an appropriate Exercise Price due to intervening changes in the Group  the market or otherwise in the industry.4. Instead of participants purchasing shares by paying the Exercise Price at exercise of the Board Options  the primary settlement method shall be to “net equity settle” the Board Options  meaning that the purchase price for each share shall be equal to the quotient value of the share (currently approximately SEK 0.01 per share) and that the number of shares that may be purchased shall be reduced by applying the following formula:Adjusted number of shares = ((A minus B) multiplied by D) divided by (A minus C)  where:A = the volume weighted average price for the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the five trading days immediately preceding the date of exercise of the Board OptionB = the Exercise PriceC = the quotient value of the Company’s shareD = the number of Board Options exercised by the participantOnly whole shares (no fractions) may be delivered and the number of shares delivered at net equity settlement shall thus be rounded down to the nearest number of whole shares.5. In the event a participant cannot exercise its Board Options to purchase shares in the Company under applicable laws or regulations or at reasonable cost or with reasonable administrative effort by the participant or the Company  the Nomination Committee shall have the right to decide to wholly or partly settle the Board Options in cash. The Nomination Committee shall also have the right to in its own discretion decide that shares and/or cash shall be withheld by the Company in order to cover or facilitate the payment of applicable taxes.6. The intention is that the Nomination Committee shall resolve to grant Board Options on 1 August 2022  but the Nomination Committee shall be authorised to in its own discretion finally determine the date of grant after the completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP taking into account any potential restrictions under applicable laws or regulations. The Board Options shall vest on 31 July 2025 (the “Vesting Date”). The three-year period from 1 August 2022 to the Vesting Date is referred to as the “Vesting Period”. After the end of the Vesting Period  participants shall be entitled to exercise all or part of the Board Options until 31 July 2029.7. In the event of a change of control of the Company or a direct or indirect sale  transfer or other disposal of all or substantially all of the business and assets  the Vesting Period shall be deemed to have completed and the participants shall be entitled to exercise the Board Options as of the date when the transaction becomes unconditional.8. Continued engagement as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company during the entire Vesting Period shall be a condition for the Board Options to vest. If the participant’s engagement as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company is discontinued after the expiry of the Vesting Period  the participant shall only be entitled to exercise Board Options during a period of six months  which may be reasonably extended taking into account any potential restrictions under applicable laws or regulations. The Nomination Committee shall be authorised to waive and alter these conditions according to circumstances deemed reasonable.9. In order to further align the interests of the members of Board of Directors with the interests of the shareholders  each participant shall be required to undertake to retain shares received when exercising the Board Options to such an extent that the participant’s personal ownership of shares in the Company equals 100 per cent of the participant’s regular annual board remuneration (as proposed under item 9 of the proposed agenda).10. The Nomination Committee shall recalculate the maximum number of shares (per Board Option and in total) and the Exercise Price in the event of intervening rights issues  bonus issues  share splits  reverse share splits  dividends or similar events.11. The Nomination Committee shall be responsible for the detailed terms and the administration of the Board LTIP 2022 within the scope and framework of this proposal.Delivery of shares and hedging of costsIn order to secure the delivery of shares to the participants and cover any costs (including taxes and social security charges) at exercise of Board Options under the Board LTIP 2022  the Nomination Committee proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to issue up to 1 237 500 warrants of series 2022:1 (see item 11 a) of the proposed agenda).In the event the nine-tenth (9/10) majority requirement applicable to the Nomination Committee’s proposal to issue and transfer warrants of series 2022:1 under item 11 a) of the proposed agenda is not satisfied  the Nomination Committee proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves that the Nomination Committee shall instruct the Company to hedge its obligations under the Board LTIP 2022 by entering into an equity swap arrangement with a third party  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer shares (including to the participants) in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Board LTIP 2022 (see item 11 b) of the proposed agenda).Estimated costsThe Board LTIP 2022 grants participants the right on vesting to purchase shares in the Company for a price equivalent to the Exercise Price. The Board LTIP 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 2 and the costs will be charged to the income statement over the period the Board Options are earned.The maximum cost for granting Board Options under the Board LTIP 2022 (assuming 100 per cent vesting)  excluding costs related to delivery of shares and social security charges  is approximately SEK 3.2 million. Under a scenario where the share price grows by 10 per cent per annum  the maximum cost for social security charges is estimated to be less than SEK 0.1 million if Board Options are exercised on the Vesting Date.Effects on key figuresThe effects on key figures depend on the share price development. Assuming a share price no lower than SEK 7.50; giving an Exercise Price no lower than SEK 9.00 (which includes a 20 per cent premium on the assumed quoted share price); a volatility of 40 per cent; a risk-free rate of 2 per cent; a 0 per cent dividend yield; and exercise after 7 years  the maximum number of shares required under the Board LTIP 2022 amounts to approximately 1.1 million shares in the Company (subject to final determination of the Exercise Price)  corresponding to approximately 0.4 per cent of the total number of shares and votes in the Company. If the Exercise Price is set above SEK 9.00  the maximum number of shares will decrease with the expected costs constant  and if the Exercise Price is set below SEK 9.00  the maximum number of shares will be constant with a decrease in expected costs. The Board LTIP 2022 is expected to have only marginal effects on the Company’s key figures.If the Board Options are “net equity settled”  the number of shares used can be significantly reduced. Under a scenario where the share price grows by 10 per cent per annum  the use of shares if all Board Options were exercised on vesting just after the end of the Vesting Period would decrease from 0.4 per cent to less than 0.1 per cent and if all Board Options were exercised just before the end of the exercise period on 31 July 2029 to less than 0.2 per cent.If the warrant settlement method proposed under item 11 a) of the proposed agenda is not approved with the requisite majority and the Company’s obligations under the Board LTIP 2022 are settled by way of an equity swap arrangement with a third party  no dilution effect will arise.Preparation of the proposalThe Board LTIP 2022 has been prepared by the Nomination Committee in consultation with external advisers. The Chairman of the Nomination Committee and proposed member of the Board of Directors Aksel Azrac did not participate in the process.Other long-term share-related incentive plans for members of the Board of DirectorsThe Company does not have any outstanding long-term share-related incentive plans for members of the Board of Directors. For information about outstanding programs to employees  please see the corresponding section in the Board of Directors’ proposal under item 15 of the proposed agenda.ConditionsThe resolution shall be conditional upon  and take legal effect in connection with  the completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP. Completion of the combination is planned to occur on 30 June 2022.Majority requirementA resolution in accordance with the Nomination Committee’s proposal regarding the establishment of the Board LTIP 2022 requires support from shareholders representing more than half (1/2) of the votes cast at the Extraordinary General Meeting.A resolution in accordance with the Nomination Committee’s proposal regarding the issue and transfer of warrants of series 2022:1 under item 11 a) of the proposed agenda requires support from shareholders representing not less than nine-tenth (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Extraordinary General Meeting. A resolution in accordance with the Nomination Committees proposal regarding the equity swap arrangement under item 11 b) of the proposed agenda requires support from shareholders representing more than half (1/2) of the votes cast at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Item 11 a)–b): Resolution in respect of delivery of shares under the Board LTIP 2022 through (a) an issue and transfer of warrants of series 2022:1 or (b) an equity swap arrangement with a third partyBackgroundUnder the Board LTIP 2022 proposed by the Nomination Committee under item 10 of the proposed agenda  the Company has an obligation  subject to certain conditions  to deliver shares in the Company to the participants in the Board LTIP 2022.In order to secure the Company’s obligation to deliver shares and to cover any costs (including taxes and social security charges)  the Nomination Committee proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to issue and transfer up to 1 237 500 warrants of series 2022:1 on the terms and conditions set out in item 11 a) below. In the event the nine-tenth (9/10) majority requirement applicable to the proposed warrant settlement method is not satisfied  the Nomination Committee proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to approve that the Nomination Committee instructs the Company to hedge its obligations under the Board LTIP 2022 by entering into an equity swap arrangement with a third party  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer shares (including to the participants) on the terms and conditions set out in item 11 b) below.The Nomination Committee considers the warrant settlement method to be the preferred alternative since the costs for an equity swap arrangement are significantly higher than the costs for issuing and transferring warrants. If the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to approve the proposed warrant settlement method under item 11 a) below with the requisite majority  the Nomination Committee intends to withdraw its equity swap arrangement proposal under item 11 b) below.Item 11 a): Resolution in respect of delivery of shares under the Board LTIP 2022 through an issue and transfer of warrants of series 2022:1In order to secure the Company’s obligation to deliver shares under the Board LTIP 2022  the Nomination Committee proposes that the Extraordinary General Meetings resolves to issue and transfer warrants of series 2022:1 in the Company on the following terms and conditions:A maximum of 1 237 500 warrants shall be issued.The right to subscribe for warrants shall  with deviation of the shareholders’ preferential rights  rest with the Company itself.The reason for deviating from the shareholders’ preferential rights is to secure the Company’s obligations to deliver shares and to cover any costs (including taxes and social security charges) under the Board LTIP 2022.Subscription for the warrants shall take place on a separate subscription list not later than 1 August 2022.The warrants shall be issued free of charge.Each warrant shall entitle the holder to subscribe for one new share in the Company. The subscription price for each new share shall be equal to the quotient value of the Company’s share.The warrants may be exercised during the period from and including 1 August 2022 up to and including 1 August 2030.The new shares shall carry rights to dividends for the first time on the record date for dividends that occurs after subscription has been effected.The subscription price and the number of shares for which each warrant entitles subscription may be re-calculated under certain circumstances as set forth in the complete terms and conditions for the warrants.Upon exercise of all 1 237 500 warrants  the Company’s share capital will increase by SEK 15 056.10 (based on a quotient value of approximately SEK 0.01). If the subscription price exceeds the quotient value of the shares  the excess amount shall be allotted to the non-restricted statutory reserve (Sw. den fria överkursfonden).The Company may transfer up to 1 237 500 warrants (a) free of charge to participants (and/or a designated third party) for the purpose of enabling the delivery of shares in the Company at exercise of Board Options under the Board LTIP 2022 and (b) at a price equal to the fair market value of the warrants as determined using a customary valuation method to a designated third party for the purpose of covering any costs (including taxes and social security charges) at exercise of Board Options under the Board LTIP 2022.The complete terms and conditions for the warrants of series 2022:1  a transcript of the Company’s Articles of Association and documents prepared pursuant to Chapter 14  section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the Company and on the Company’ website  www.lundin-energy.com  not later than three weeks prior to the Extraordinary General Meeting.The resolution shall be conditional upon  and take legal effect in connection with  the completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP. Completion of the combination is planned to occur on 30 June 2022. The resolution shall also be conditional upon that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to establish the Board LTIP 2022 in accordance with the Nomination Committee’s proposal under item 10 of the proposed agenda.A resolution in accordance with the Nomination Committee’s proposal requires support from shareholders representing not less than nine-tenth (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Item 11 b): Resolution in respect of delivery of shares under the Board LTIP 2022 through an equity swap arrangement with a third partyThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Extraordinary General Meetings resolves to approve that the Nomination Committee instructs the Company’s to hedge its obligations under the Board LTIP 2022 by entering into an equity swap arrangement with a third party  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer shares (including to the participants) in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Board LTIP 2022.The resolution shall be conditional upon  and take legal effect in connection with  the completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP. Completion of the combination is planned to occur on 30 June 2022. The resolution shall also be conditional upon that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to establish the Board LTIP 2022 in accordance with the Nomination Committee’s proposal under item 10 of the proposed agenda.A resolution in accordance with the Nomination Committee’s proposal requires support from shareholders representing more than half (1/2) of the votes cast at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Item 12: Resolution in respect of election of Chair and other members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the following persons are elected for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023:Members of the Board of Directors:a) C. Ashley Heppenstall (re-election);b) Grace Reksten Skaugen (re-election);c) Jakob Thomasen (re-election);d) Aksel Azrac (new election); ande) Daniel Fitzgerald (new election).Chair of the Board of Directors:f) Grace Reksten Skaugen (new election).The resolution shall be conditional upon  and take legal effect in connection with  the completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP. Completion of the combination is planned to occur on 30 June 2022.The Nomination Committee’s complete proposal  including a presentation of the Board members and an assessment of their independence in relation to the Company  the Group Management and major shareholders  is available on the Company’s website  www.lundin-energy.com.Item 13: Resolution in respect of a revised Nomination Committee ProcessThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to adopt the following Nomination Committee Process  to replace the current Nomination Committee Process that was adopted at the Annual General Meeting 2020 and to apply until a General Meeting of Shareholders resolves otherwise.In the proposed revised Nomination Committee Process  the determining point in time for shareholding for the appointment of Nomination Committee members is proposed to be changed from 1 June to 1 August each year  in order to facilitate the formation and work of the Nomination Committee following the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP. The Nomination Committee appointed in accordance with the proposed revised Nomination Committee Process shall replace the Nomination Committee for the Annual General Meeting 2023 appointed in accordance with the Nomination Committee Process adopted at the Annual General Meeting 2020 (if a new Nomination Committee for the Annual General Meeting 2023 already has been appointed prior to the Extraordinary General Meeting’s resolution to adopt this revised instruction taking legal effect).The resolution shall be conditional upon  and take legal effect in connection with  the completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP. Completion of the combination is planned to occur on 30 June 2022.NOMINATION COMMITTEE PROCESSGeneral1.1 As per the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance (Code of Governance)  the Company shall each year appoint a Nomination Committee which shall have as its sole task to propose decisions to the Annual General Meeting (AGM) on electoral and remuneration issues  and procedural issue for the appointment of the Nomination Committee for the following year.1.2 The AGM shall either appoint the members of the Nomination Committee or specify how they are to be appointed. This Nomination Committee Process shall apply as the Company’s nomination procedure generally for all AGMs  until recommended to be amended or replaced by a future Nomination Committee  to specify how the Nomination Committee is to be appointed and to instruct the Nomination Committee on how it is to conduct its work.1.3 References herein to AGMs shall apply mutatis mutandis to Extraordinary General Meetings where elections of the Board of Directors and/or the auditor are to take place.2. Appointment of the Nomination Committee2.1 The Chair of the Board of Directors shall invite three of the larger shareholders of the Company based on shareholdings as per 1 August of each year  provided such larger shareholders agree to participate  to form a Nomination Committee for the AGM of the following year. The Chair of the Board of Directors shall also be a member of the Nomination Committee. External members not appointed by a larger shareholder may also be invited to join the Nomination Committee to assist in and facilitate the work of the Nomination Committee.2.2 The names of the members of the Nomination Committee shall be published on the Company’s website no later than six months prior to the AGM of the following year. The names of the shareholders that the members were appointed by  if applicable  shall be included in the announcement  as well as information on how shareholders may submit recommendations to the Nomination Committee.2.3 The mandate period of a Nomination Committee commences on the date its composition has been published as per article 2.2 and continues until the publication of the composition of the Nomination Committee for the following AGM.2.4 The Chair of the Board of Directors shall convene the first meeting of each Nomination Committee  which is to be held in good time before the announcement of the composition of the Nomination Committee as per article 2.2. The Nomination Committee shall appoint a Chair at the first meeting.2.5 If the shareholding in the Company changes significantly before the Nomination Committee’s work has been completed  or if a member leaves the Nomination Committee before its work has been completed  a change in the composition of the Nomination Committee may take place. If the Nomination Committee then consists of appointees of less than three of the larger shareholders of the Company  the Chair of the Board shall  with the aim to increase the number of members to three  invite another larger shareholder to join the Nomination Committee. If a member ceases to be connected to a larger shareholder  due to termination of employment or similar  that larger shareholder may appoint another person to replace such member of the Nomination Committee. Information about changes to the composition of the Nomination Committee  as well as information about new members and the larger shareholders that they were appointed by  if applicable  shall be published on the Company’s website as soon as possible after a change has occurred.3. Duties of the Nomination Committee3.1 The Nomination Committee shall prepare proposals for the following resolutions to the AGM:(i) Chair of the AGM;(ii) number of members of the Board of Directors;(iii) members of the Board of Directors;(iv) Chair of the Board of Directors;(v) remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  distinguishing between the Chair and other members and remuneration for Board Committee work;(vi) election of auditor of the Company;(vii) remuneration of the Company’s auditor; and(viii) Nomination Committee Process (in case of amendment).3.2 The proposals of the Nomination Committee shall be presented to the Company in a written report in general at least eight weeks before the AGM to ensure the proposals can be duly included in the notice of the AGM. The Nomination Committee report shall in addition be posted on the Company's website at the same time as the notice of the AGM is issued.3.3 As a basis for its proposals regarding the members of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Committee shall consider the requirements set forth in the Code of Governance to ensure that the Company’s Board of Directors has a size and composition that enables it to manage the Company’s affairs efficiently and with integrity.3.4 In its written report  the Nomination Committee shall include a description of its work and considerations  as well as explanations regarding its proposals  in particular in respect of the following requirements regarding the composition of the Board of Directors:(i) candidates’ age  principal education and work experience;(ii) any work performed by the candidates for the Company and other significant professional commitments;(iii) candidates’ holdings of shares and other financial instruments in the Company and any such holdings owned by candidates’ related natural or legal persons;(iv) whether the Nomination Committee deems the candidates to be independent of the Company and Group Management  as well as of major shareholders of the Company;(v) in case of re-election  the year that the candidates were first elected to the Board of Directors; and(vi) other information that could be of importance to shareholders to assess the candidates’ expertise and independence.3.5 If an election for auditor shall take place at the AGM  the proposal of the Nomination Committee shall be based on a report to be prepared by the Company’s Audit Committee  which report shall include an assessment of the independence and impartiality of the proposed auditor  as well as of the implications of services provided to the Company by the proposed auditor outside the scope of general audit work  if applicable.3.6 The Nomination Committee shall at each AGM give an account of its work and present its proposals for resolutions at the AGM. All members of the Nomination Committee shall endeavour to be present at each AGM.4. Meetings of the Nomination Committee4.1 The Nomination Committee shall meet as often as is required for the performance of its duties. A notice of a meeting shall be circulated by the Chair of the Nomination Committee in good time before each meeting  except as provided in article 2.4 in respect of the first meeting of each Nomination Committee. Any member of the Nomination Committee may reasonably request at any time during the mandate period that a meeting be convened and the Chair shall comply with such reasonable requests.4.2 The Nomination Committee shall be quorate if more than half of the members are present.4.3 The Nomination Committee shall endeavour to reach unanimous decisions in all matters to be proposed to the AGM. If a unanimous decision cannot be reached  the Nomination Committee shall present to the AGM the proposals approved by a majority of the members of the Nomination Committee and dissenting members may present their own proposals individually or jointly with other members of the Committee.4.4 Meetings of the Nomination Committee shall be minuted and the minutes shall be signed by the person keeping the minutes and shall be attested by the Chair and another member appointed by the Nomination Committee. If the Chair has been assigned to keep the minutes  the minutes shall be attested by two other members appointed by the Nomination Committee.5. Other5.1 All information which is provided to the members of the Nomination Committee by the Company and/or candidates  or which information the Nomination Committee members otherwise receive within the scope of their duties as Nomination Committee members  shall be treated as confidential and may not be disclosed to third parties without the prior approval of the Company.5.2 No remuneration shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee. The Company may however cover reasonable out of pocket expenses that the members may occur in relation to work performed for the Nomination Committee.5.3 The Nomination Committee shall yearly assess this Nomination Committee Process and shall propose changes to it to the AGM  as appropriate.Item 14: Resolution in respect of Policy on Remuneration for Group ManagementThe Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to adopt the following Policy on Remuneration for Group Management  which for 2022 (after the completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP) will consist of the Chief Executive Officer  the Chief Financial Officer and the General Counsel  to replace the current Policy on Remuneration for Group Management that was adopted at the Annual General Meeting 2020.This revised Policy is being proposed to the Extraordinary General Meeting as a result of the fundamental changes to the Company’s structure and business following the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP. The main changes to the Policy are:redefined categories of performance measures for the annual bonus plan; andlong-term incentive redefined to accommodate the changes to structure and business  calculated on a fair value basis.The Company is looking to reward a different strategy and growth model appropriate for a new renewable energy company with a downsized organisational make-up. In particular  the proposed Policy on Remuneration for Group Management wants reward to reflect the re-emphasis on the Company’s entrepreneurial culture and roots. For 2022 the application of the proposed Policy will therefore mean that base salaries  annual bonus opportunities and benefits for Group Management are considerably reduced from the current levels at Lundin Energy and are set below the market median level  in combination with grant levels under the Employee LTIP 2022 (proposed under item 15) set to deliver competitive pay and better if significant value creation is achieved for all shareholders.The resolution shall be conditional upon  and take legal effect in connection with  the completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP. Completion of the combination is planned to occur on 30 June 2022.POLICY ON REMUNERATION FOR GROUP MANAGEMENTApplication of the PolicyThis Policy on Remuneration applies to the remuneration of “Group Management” at the Company  which includes (i) the Chief Executive Officer (the “CEO”)  (ii) the Deputy CEO  who from time to time may be designated from one of the other members of Group Management  and (iii) executives so designated by the Board. The Policy also applies to members of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of the Company where remuneration is paid for work performed outside the directorship.The Policy is  together with previous years’ Policies  available on the Company’s website and it will remain available for ten years.Key remuneration principles at the CompanyThe Company’s remuneration principles and policies are designed to ensure responsible and sustainable remuneration decisions that support the Company’s strategy  shareholders’ long-term interests and sustainable business practices. It is the aim of the Company to recruit  motivate and retain high calibre executives capable of achieving the objectives of the Company and to encourage and appropriately and fairly reward executives for their contributions to the Company’s success.Remuneration to members of the BoardIn addition to Board fees resolved by the General Meeting  remuneration as per prevailing market conditions may be paid to members of the Board for work performed outside the directorship.Compensation CommitteeThe Board has established a Compensation Committee to support it on matters of remuneration relating to the CEO  the Deputy CEO (if appointed)  other members of Group Management and other key employees of the Company. The objective of the Committee is to structure and implement remuneration principles to achieve the Company’s strategy  the principal matters for consideration being:the review and implementation of the Company’s remuneration principles for Group Management  including this Policy which requires approval by the General Meeting of Shareholders;the remuneration of the CEO and the Deputy CEO (if appointed)  as well as other members of Group Management  and any other specific remuneration issues arising;the design of long-term incentive plans that require approval by the General Meeting of Shareholders; andcompliance with relevant rules and regulatory provisions  such as this Policy  the Swedish Companies Act  the Swedish Corporate Governance Code and the Swedish Corporate Governance Board’s Rules on Remuneration of the Board and Executive Management and on Incentive Programmes.When the Committee makes decisions  including determining  reviewing and implementing the Policy  it follows a process where:the Board sets and reviews the terms of reference of the Committee;the Chair of the Committee approves the Committee’s agenda;the Committee considers any reports  data and presentations and debates any proposal. In its considerations the Committee will give due regard to the Company’s situation  the general and industry specific remuneration environment  the remuneration and terms of employment of the broader employee population  feedback from different stakeholders  relevant codes  regulations and guidelines published from time to time;the Committee may request the advice and assistance of management representatives  other internal expertise and of external advisors. However  it shall ensure that there is no conflict of interest regarding other assignments that any such advisors may have for the Company and Group Management;the Committee ensures through a requirement to notify and recuse oneself that no individual with a conflict of interest will take part in a remuneration decision that may compromise such a decision;once the Committee is satisfied that it has been properly and sufficiently informed  it will make its decisions and  where required  formulate proposals for approval by the Board; andthe Board will consider any items for approval or proposals from the Committee and  following its own discussions  make decisions  proposals for a General Meeting of Shareholders and/or further requests for the Committee to deliberate on.Elements of remuneration for Group ManagementThere are four key elements to the remuneration of Group Management:Description  purpose and link to strategy and sustainability Process and governance Relative share of total reward1 a) Base salary - Fixed cash remuneration paid monthly. Provides predictable remuneration to aid attraction and retention of key talent. - The Committee reviews salaries every year as part of the review of total remuneration (see below for a description of the benchmarking process). 30% b) Annual variable remuneration - Annual bonus is paid for performance over the financial year.- Each position has a set expected bonus opportunity  which can be up to the equivalent of 12 months’ base salary.- Any value awarded by the Board that is more than 12 months’ base salary is paid for delivering outstanding performance  subject to a maximum cap of 18 months base salary.- Signals and rewards the strategic andoperational results and behaviours expected for the year that contribute to the long-term  sustainable value creation of the Company.- The annual review of total remuneration also considers annual bonus awards  outcomes  target structure  weightings of targets and specific target levels of performance.- Measurable financial and non-financial performance requirements are identified according to position and responsibilities and include delivery against power generation  investment  financial  ESG and strategic targets.- The Committee reviews the design of annual variable remuneration separately. 15% c) Long-term incentive plan - Annual awards of equity-based long-term incentives  approved by the General Meeting  that align the interests of participants with those of shareholders.- Awards may be granted with a fair value of up to 300% of base salary at award.- Annual review of total remuneration considers long-term incentive awards and outcomes.- Group Management are required to build asignificant personal shareholding of up to 100% of base salary (200% for the CEO) over time by retaining 50% of exercised shares  net of tax  untilthe predetermined limit for the personal shareholding has been achieved.- The Committee reviews the design oflong-term incentives separately. 50% d) Benefits - Predictable benefits to help facilitate the discharge of each executive’s duties  aiding the attraction and retention of key talent. - The Committee reviews benefits and contractual terms regularly to ensure that the Company does not fall behind the market.- Benefits are set with reference toexternal market practices  internal practices  position and relevant reference remuneration. 5% Total 100%1 Estimated reward shows the percentage of total reward where proportions are estimated assuming 50 per cent of maximum annual bonus and the fair value of the long-term incentive without any further share price or dividend effect. Different actual awards and the variable nature of incentives means that the actual proportions for an individual may be different.Review and benchmarkingThe Committee undertakes reviews of the Company’s remuneration policies and practices considering the total remuneration of each executive as well as the individual components. Levels are set considering:the total remuneration opportunity;the external pay market;the scope and responsibilities of the position;the skills  experience and performance of the individual;the Company’s performance  affordability of reward and general market conditions; andlevels and increases in remuneration  as well as other terms of employment  for other positions within the Company.External benchmarks for total remuneration are acquired when the Committee considers it necessary  consisting of one or more sets of companies that compete with the Company for talent  taking into consideration factors like size  complexity  geography and business profile when determining such peer groups.Variable remunerationThe Company considers that variable remuneration forms important parts of executives’ remuneration packages  where associated performance targets reflect the key drivers for pursuing the Company’s strategy  and to achieve sustainable value creation and growth in long-term shareholder value. The Committee ensures that performance and design align with the strategic direction and risk appetite of the Company before incentives are approved by the Board.There is no deferral of incentive payments  however  the Board can recover annual bonuses paid in the unlikely event of outcomes based on information which is subsequently proven to have been manifestly misstated. The Board can also in exceptional circumstances reduce long-term incentive awards  including reducing them to zero  should it consider the vesting outcome to incorrectly reflect the true performance of the Company.BenefitsBenefits provided shall be based on market terms and shall facilitate the discharge of each executive’s duties. The pension provision is the main benefit and follows the local practice of the geography where the individual is based. The pension benefits consist of a basic defined contribution pension plan  where the employer provides 60 per cent and the employee 40 per cent of an annual contribution of up to 18 per cent of the capped pensionable salary and  at the Board’s discretion  a supplemental defined contribution pension plan where the employer provides 60 per cent and the employee 40 per cent of a contribution up to 14 per cent of the capped pensionable salary.Severance arrangementsExecutives have rolling contracts where mutual notice periods of up to twelve months apply between the Company and the executive. In addition  severance terms are incorporated into the employment contracts for executives that give rise to compensation in the event of termination of employment due to a change of control of the Company. Such compensation  together with applicable notice periods  shall not exceed 24 months’ base salary.The Board is further authorised  in individual cases  to approve severance arrangements  in addition to the notice periods and the severance arrangements in respect of a change of control of the Company  where employment is terminated by the Company without cause  or otherwise in circumstances at the discretion of the Board. Such severance arrangements may provide for the payment of up to 12 months’ base salary.In all circumstances  severance payments in aggregate (i.e. for notice periods and severance arrangements) shall be limited to a maximum of 24 months’ base salary.Item 15: Resolution in respect of Employee LTIP 2022The Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to establish a long-term share-related incentive plan in the form of a share option plan for members of Group Management and other employees of the Company on the terms and conditions set out below (the “Employee LTIP 2022”).Background and purposeThe reason for establishing the Employee LTIP 2022 is to align the interests of the members of Group Management and other employees with the interests of the shareholders as well as to provide market appropriate reward for a new business reflecting continuity  commitment and share price appreciation. The Board of Directors believes that the Employee LTIP 2022 will provide the Company with a crucial component to a competitive total compensation package to attract and retain employees who are critical to the Company’s future success after the completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP.The Employee LTIP 2022 is being introduced as part of a new remuneration approach within the new Policy on Remuneration for Group Management proposed under item 14 of the agenda  where base salaries and annual bonus opportunities have been set at the lower end of the market to create an overall remuneration approach that further emphasises the long-term sustainable growth and strategic success of the Company.Terms and conditionsSubject to the terms and conditions of the Employee LTIP 2022  the Company will grant options (“Employee Options”) free of charge to members of Group Management and other employees as allocated by the Board of Directors  or the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors  pursuant to the following principles.1. The maximum number of Employee Options that may be granted is 8 400 000. Each Employee Option shall entitle the holder to purchase one share in the Company subject to continued employment within the Group. Accordingly  the maximum number of shares available for the participants under the Employee LTIP 2022 shall be 8 400 000.2. The Board of Directors shall at its discretion be entitled to grant Employee Options to all employees following the completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP (approximately 15 employees). The Chief Executive Officer may be granted up to 2 800 000 Employee Options and other employees may be granted up to 1 400 000 Employee Options each (subject to the cap of 8 400 000 Employee Options in total).3. The purchase price per share in the Company upon exercise of an Employee Option (the “Exercise Price”) shall correspond to the volume weighted average price for the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm during 18–22 July 2022  or a later period of five trading days as determined by the Board of Directors in the event (a) completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP has not occurred by 18 July 2022 or (b) the volume weighted average price during 18–22 July 2022 is not deemed to be an appropriate Exercise Price due to intervening changes in the Group  the market or otherwise in the industry.4. Instead of participants purchasing shares by paying the Exercise Price at exercise of the Employee Options  the primary settlement method shall be to “net equity settle” the Employee Options  meaning that the purchase price for each share shall be equal to the quotient value of the share (currently approximately SEK 0.01 per share) and that the number of shares that may be purchased shall be reduced by applying the following formula:Adjusted number of shares = ((A minus B) multiplied by D) divided by (A minus C)  where:A = the volume weighted average price for the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the five trading days immediately preceding the date of exercise of the Employee OptionB = the Exercise PriceC = the quotient value of the Company’s shareD = the number of Employee Options exercised by the participantOnly whole shares (no fractions) may be delivered and the number of shares delivered at net equity settlement shall thus be rounded down to the nearest number of whole shares.5. In the event a participant cannot exercise its Employee Options to purchase shares in the Company under applicable laws or regulations or at reasonable cost or with reasonable administrative effort by the participant or the Company  the Board of Directors shall have the right to decide to wholly or partly settle the Employee Options in cash. The Board of Directors shall also have the right to in its own discretion decide that shares and/or cash shall be withheld by the Company in order to cover or facilitate the payment of applicable taxes.6. The intention is that the Board of Directors shall grant Employee Options on 1 August 2022  but the Board of Directors shall be authorised to in its own discretion finally determine the date of grant after the completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP taking into account any potential restrictions under applicable laws or regulations. The Employee Options shall vest on 31 July 2025 (the “Vesting Date”). The three-year period from 1 August 2022 to the Vesting Date is referred to as the “Vesting Period”. After the end of the Vesting Period  participants shall be entitled to exercise all or part of the Employee Options until 31 July 2029.7. In the event of a change of control of the Company or a direct or indirect sale  transfer or other disposal of all or substantially all of the business and assets  the Vesting Period shall be deemed to have completed and the participants shall be entitled to exercise the Employee Options as of the date when the transaction becomes unconditional.8. Continued employment within the group during the entire Vesting Period shall be a condition for the Employee Options to vest. If the participant resigns after the expiry of the Vesting Period  the participant shall only be entitled to exercise Employee Options during a period of three months following the last day of employment  which may be reasonably extended taking into account any potential restrictions under applicable laws or regulations. The Board of Directors shall be authorised to waive and alter these conditions according to circumstances deemed reasonable.9. The Board of Directors shall be entitled to recalculate the maximum number of shares (per Employee Option and in total) and the Exercise Price in the event of intervening rights issues  bonus issues  share splits  reverse share splits  dividends or similar events.10. In order to further align the interests of the members of Group Management with the interests of the shareholders  each member of Group Management shall be required to undertake to retain a minimum of 50 per cent of the shares received when exercising the Employee Options (net after taxes) until the participant has built a personal ownership of shares in the Company equal to 100 per cent of the participant’s annual gross base salary (200 per cent for the Chief Executive Officer).11. The Board of Directors  or the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors  shall be responsible for the detailed terms and the administration of the Employee LTIP 2022 within the scope and framework of this proposal. In connection therewith  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to adopt different terms and conditions e.g. due to new recruitment  illness  disability  death  redundancy  contractual retirement and other exceptional circumstances determined by the Board of Directors.Delivery of shares and hedging of costsIn order to secure the delivery of shares to the participants and cover any costs (including taxes and social security charges) at exercise of Employee Options under the Employee LTIP 2022  the Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to issue up to 8 560 000 warrants of series 2022:2 (see item 16 a) of the proposed agenda).In the event the nine-tenth (9/10) majority requirement applicable to the Board of Directors’ proposal to issue and transfer warrants of series 2022:2 under item 16 a) of the proposed agenda is not satisfied  the Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to approve that the Company hedges its obligations under the Employee LTIP 2022 by entering into an equity swap arrangement with a third party  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer shares (including to the participants) in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Employee LTIP 2022 (see item 16 b) of the proposed agenda).Estimated costsThe Employee LTIP 2022 grants participants the right on vesting to purchase shares in the Company for a price equivalent to the Exercise Price. The Employee LTIP 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 2 and the costs will be charged to the income statement over the period the Employee Options are earned.The maximum cost for granting Employee Options under the Employee LTIP 2022 (assuming 100 per cent vesting)  excluding costs related to delivery of shares and social security charges  is approximately SEK 27.5 million. Under a scenario where the share price grows by 10 per cent per annum  the maximum cost for social security charges is estimated to be approximately SEK 0.5 million if Employee Options are exercised on the Vesting Date.Effects on key figuresThe effects on key figures depend on the share price development. Assuming a share price and Exercise Price no lower than SEK 7.50; a volatility of 40 per cent; a risk-free rate of 2 per cent; a 0 per cent dividend yield; and exercise after 7 years  the number of shares required under the Employee LTIP 2022 amounts to approximately 8.4 million shares in the Company (subject to final determination of the Exercise Price)  corresponding to approximately 2.9 per cent of the total number of shares and votes in the Company. If the Exercise Price is set above SEK 7.50 the maximum number of shares will decrease with the expected costs constant  and if the Exercise Price is set below SEK 7.50  the maximum number of shares will be constant with a decrease in expected costs. The Employee LTIP 2022 is expected to have only marginal effects on the Company’s key figures.If the Employee Options are “net equity settled”  the number of shares used can be significantly reduced. Under a scenario where the share price grows by 10 per cent per annum  the use of shares if all Employee Options were exercised on vesting just after the end of the Vesting Period would decrease from a maximum of 2.9 per cent to less than 0.8 per cent and if all Employee Options were exercised just before the end of the exercise period on 31 July 2029 to less than 1.5 per cent.If the warrant settlement method proposed under item 16 a) of the proposed agenda is not approved with the requisite majority and the Company’s obligations under the Employee LTIP 2022 are settled by way of an equity swap arrangement with a third party  no dilution effect will arise.Preparation of the proposalThe Employee LTIP 2022 has been prepared by the members of the Board of Directors that are proposed to be re-elected for the period until the close of the Annual General Meeting 2023 – i.e. C. Ashley Heppenstall  Grace Reksten Skaugen and Jakob Thomasen (see item 12 of the proposed agenda) – in consultation with external advisers.Other long-term share-related incentive plans for employeesIn connection with the completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP  the Company’s currently outstanding long-term share related incentive plans (adopted at the Annual General Meetings in 2019  2020 and 2021) will lapse and be terminated.ConditionsThe resolution shall be conditional upon  and take legal effect in connection with  the completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP. Completion of the combination is planned to occur on 30 June 2022.Majority requirementA resolution in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal regarding the establishment of the Employee LTIP 2022 requires support from shareholders representing more than half (1/2) of the votes cast at the Extraordinary General Meeting.A resolution in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal regarding the issue and transfer of warrants of series 2022:2 under item 16 a) of the proposed agenda requires support from shareholders representing not less than nine-tenth (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Extraordinary General Meeting. A resolution in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal regarding the equity swap arrangement under item 16 b) of the proposed agenda requires support from shareholders representing more than half (1/2) of the votes cast at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Item 16: Resolution in respect of delivery of shares under the Employee LTIP 2022 through (a) an issue and transfer of warrants of series 2022:2 or (b) an equity swap arrangement with a third partyBackgroundUnder the Employee LTIP 2022 proposed by the Board of Directors under item 15 of the proposed agenda  the Company has an obligation  subject to certain conditions  to deliver shares in the Company to the participants in the Employee LTIP 2022.In order to secure the Company’s obligation to deliver shares and to cover any costs (including taxes and social security charges)  the Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to issue and transfer up to 8 560 000 warrants of series 2022:2 on the terms and conditions set out in item 16 a) below. In the event the nine-tenth (9/10) majority requirement applicable to the proposed warrant settlement method is not satisfied  the Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to approve that the Company hedges its obligations under the Employee LTIP 2022 by entering into an equity swap arrangement with a third party  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer shares (including to the participants) on the terms and conditions set out in item 16 b) below.The Board of Directors considers the warrant settlement method to be the preferred alternative since the costs for an equity swap arrangement are significantly higher than the costs for issuing and transferring warrants. If the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to approve the proposed warrant settlement method under item 16 a) below with the requisite majority  the Board of Directors’ intends to withdraw its equity swap arrangement proposal under item 16 b) below.Item 16 a): Resolution in respect of delivery of shares under the Employee LTIP 2022 through an issue and transfer of warrants of series 2022:2In order to secure the Company’s obligation to deliver shares under the Employee LTIP 2022  the Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meetings resolves to issue and transfer warrants of series 2022:2 in the Company on the following terms and conditions:A maximum of 8 560 000 warrants shall be issued.The right to subscribe for warrants shall  with deviation of the shareholders’ preferential rights  rest with the Company itself.The reason for deviating from the shareholders’ preferential rights is to secure the Company’s obligations to deliver shares and to cover any costs (including taxes and social security charges) under the Employee LTIP 2022.Subscription for the warrants shall take place on a separate subscription list not later than 1 August 2022.The warrants shall be issued free of charge.Each warrant shall entitle the holder to subscribe for one new share in the Company. The subscription price for each new share shall be equal to the quotient value of the Company’s share.The warrants may be exercised during the period from and including 1 August 2022 up to and including 1 August 2030.The new shares shall carry rights to dividends for the first time on the record date for dividends that occurs after subscription has been effected.The subscription price and the number of shares for which each warrant entitles subscription may be re-calculated under certain circumstances as set forth in the complete terms and conditions for the warrants.Upon exercise of all 8 560 000 warrants  the Company’s share capital will increase by SEK 104 145.59 (based on a quotient value of approximately SEK 0.01). If the subscription price exceeds the quotient value of the shares  the excess amount shall be allotted to the non-restricted statutory reserve (Sw. den fria överkursfonden).The Company may transfer up to 8 560 000 warrants (a) free of charge to participants (and/or a designated third party) for the purpose of enabling the delivery of shares in the Company at exercise of Employee Options under the Employee LTIP 2022 and (b) at a price equal to the fair market value of the warrants as determined using a customary valuation method to a designated third party for the purpose of covering any costs (including taxes and social security charges) at exercise of Employee Options under the Employee LTIP 2022.The complete terms and conditions for the warrants of series 2022:2  a transcript of the Company’s Articles of Association and documents prepared pursuant to Chapter 14  section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the Company and on the Company’ website  www.lundin-energy.com  not later than three weeks prior to the Extraordinary General Meeting.The resolution shall be conditional upon  and take legal effect in connection with  the completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP. Completion of the combination is planned to occur on 30 June 2022. The resolution shall also be conditional upon that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to establish the Employee LTIP 2022 in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal under item 15 of the proposed agenda.A resolution in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal requires support from shareholders representing not less than nine-tenth (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Item 16 b): Resolution in respect of delivery of shares under the Employee LTIP 2022 through an equity swap arrangement with a third partyThe Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meetings resolves to approve that the Company hedges its obligations under the Employee LTIP 2022 by entering into an equity swap arrangement with a third party  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer shares (including to the participants) in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Employee LTIP 2022.The resolution shall be conditional upon  and take legal effect in connection with  the completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP. Completion of the combination is planned to occur on 30 June 2022. The resolution shall also be conditional upon that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to establish the Employee LTIP 2022 in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal under item 15 of the proposed agenda.A resolution in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal requires support from shareholders representing more than half (1/2) of the votes cast at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Item 17: Resolution in respect of authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on new issue of shares and convertible debenturesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to decide  at one or more occasions until the next Annual General Meeting:(i) to issue no more than 28 500 000 new shares with consideration in cash or in kind or by set-off; and(ii) to issue convertible debentures with consideration in cash or in kind or by set-off  where the number of shares that may be issued after conversion shall not exceed 28 500 000.The Board of Directors may resolve to deviate from the shareholders’ preferential rights. If the Board of Directors resolves to deviate from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the reason shall be to enable or facilitate acquisitions of companies or businesses or other major investments.The total number of shares that can be issued based on the proposed authorisations under (i) and (ii) may not together exceed 28 500 000. If the authorisation is exercised in full for issues with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the dilution effect is approximately ten per cent.The resolution shall be conditional upon  and take legal effect in connection with  the completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP. Completion of the combination is planned to occur on 30 June 2022.A resolution in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal requires the support of shareholders representing at least two thirds (2/3) of the votes cast and of the shares represented at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Item 18: Resolution in respect of amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to amend § 1 (Name)  § 3 (Object of the Company) and § 11 (Participation at general meetings of shareholders) of the Articles of Association in accordance with the following.Current wording of § 1 (Name) :The name of the Company is Lundin Energy AB. The Company is a public company (publ).Pr oposed new wording of § 1 (Name) :The name of the Company is Orrön Energy AB. The Company is a public company (publ).Current wording of § 3 (Object of the Company) :The object of the Company’s business is to explore  develop and produce oil and gas  to develop other energy resources  and to undertake activities compatible therewith  either directly or indirectly through its subsidiaries  associated companies or other forms of joint enterprises.Proposed new wording of § 3 (Object of the Company) :The object of the Company’s business is to carry out business in the energy sector including in relation to renewable energy resources and other energy resources  energy facilities and infrastructure  energy storage systems as well as to undertake other activities compatible therewith  either directly or indirectly through its subsidiaries  associated companies or in participation or co-operation with other companies or other forms of joint enterprises.Current wording of § 1 1 ( Participation at general meetings of shareholders ) :Shareholders who wish to participate in a general meeting of shareholders shall give notice to the Company of his or her intention to participate in the meeting no later than the day that is set forth in the notice of the meeting. The last-mentioned day shall not be a Sunday  or any other public holiday  Saturday  Midsummer’s Eve  Christmas Eve or New Year’s Eve and not fall prior to the fifth weekday before the meeting.Pr oposed new wording of § 11 ( Participation at general meetings of shareholders ) :Shareholders who wish to participate in a general meeting of shareholders shall give notice to the Company of his or her intention to participate in the meeting no later than the day that is set forth in the notice of the meeting.Shareholders may be accompanied by not more than two advisers at the general meeting  however  only if the shareholder has notified the Company of the number of advisers in the manner stated in the previous paragraph.The Board of Directors may resolve that persons that are not shareholders of the Company shall be entitled  on the conditions stipulated by the Board of Directors  to attend or in any other manner follow the discussions at a general meeting.The Board of Directors may collect powers of attorney in accordance with the procedure described in Chapter 7  Section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act.The Board of Directors may  before a general meeting  decide that the shareholders shall have the right to exercise their voting rights by post in accordance with Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act.The proposed new Articles of Association are available in their entirety at the Company’s website  www.lundin-energy.com.The resolution shall be conditional upon  and take legal effect in connection with  the completion of the combination of the Company’s exploration & production business with Aker BP. Completion of the combination is planned to occur on 30 June 2022.A resolution in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal requires the support of shareholders representing at least two thirds (2/3) of the votes cast and of the shares represented at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Number of shares and votes in the CompanyThe Company’s share capital amounts to SEK 3 478 713.38  represented by 285 924 614 shares. Each share carries one vote. As of the date of this notice  the Company does not hold any treasury shares.Shareholders’ right to request informationThe Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer shall  if a shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors considers that it may do so without significant damage to the Company  give information at the Extraordinary General Meeting regarding circumstances that could affect the assessment of an item on the agenda.Additional documentationThe complete proposals and other documents that shall be made available prior to the Extraordinary General Meeting pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act and the Swedish Corporate Governance Code are available at the Company’s office (Hovslagargatan 5 in Stockholm) and on www.lundin-energy.com. The documents will be sent to shareholders free of charge upon request if their postal address is provided.Handling of personal data and external participantsFor information on how personal data is processed in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting  see the privacy notices of Euroclear Sweden AB and Computershare AB available at their respective websites  www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. and www.computershare.com/se/gm-gdpr.It will not be possible for the Company to verify if any external persons are following the Extraordinary General Meeting online. Consequently  the Board of Directors has  in accordance with the Swedish Act on Temporary Exemptions to Facilitate the Execution of General Meetings in Companies and Associations  resolved to allow persons who are not shareholders to follow the Extraordinary General Meeting online.Stockholm in May 2022LUNDIN ENERGY AB (PUBL)The Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Edward WestroppVP Investor Relations and CommunicationTel: +41 22 595 10 14[email protected]Robert ErikssonDirector Media and Corporate AffairsTel: +46 701 11 26 15[email protected]Lundin Energy is an experienced Nordic oil and gas company that explores for  develops and produces resources economically  efficiently and responsibly. We focus on value creation for our shareholders and wider stakeholders through three strategic pillars: Resilience  Sustainability and Growth. Our high quality  low cost assets mean we are resilient to oil price volatility  and our organic growth strategy  combined with our sustainable approach and commitment to decarbonisation  firmly establishes our leadership role in a lower carbon energy future. (Nasdaq Stockholm: LUNE). For more information  please visit us at www.lundin-energy.com or download our App www.myirapp.com/lundinThese materials do not constitute an offer of securities for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase the securities described in such materials in the United States. In particular  any securities referred to in these materials have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”)  or under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered  sold or delivered  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. There will be no public offering of securities in the United States.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements made and information contained herein constitute “forward-looking information” (within the meaning of applicable securities legislation). Such statements and information (together  “forward-looking statements”) relate to future events  including Lundin Energy’s future performance  business prospects or opportunities. Forward-looking statements include  but are not limited to  statements with respect to estimates of reserves and/or resources  future production levels  future capital expenditures and their allocation to exploration and development activities  future drilling and other exploration and development activities. Ultimate recovery of reserves or resources are based on forecasts of future results  estimates of amounts not yet determinable and assumptions of management.All statements other than statements of historical fact may be forward-looking statements. Statements concerning proven and probable reserves and resource estimates may also be deemed to constitute forward-looking statements and reflect conclusions that are based on certain assumptions that the reserves and resources can be economically exploited. Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions  expectations  beliefs  plans  projections  objectives  assumptions or future events or performance (often  but not always  using words or phrases such as “seek”  “anticipate”  “plan”  “continue”  “estimate”  “expect”  “may”  “will”  “project”  “predict”  “potential”  “targeting”  “intend”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “believe” and similar expressions) are not statements of historical fact and may be “forward-looking statements”. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. No assurance can be given that these expectations and assumptions will prove to be correct and such forward-looking statements should not be relied upon. These statements speak only as on the date of the information and Lundin Energy does not intend  and does not assume any obligation  to update these forward-looking statements  except as required by applicable laws. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties relating to  among other things  operational risks (including exploration and development risks)  productions costs  availability of drilling equipment  reliance on key personnel  reserve estimates  health  safety and environmental issues  legal risks and regulatory changes  competition  geopolitical risk  and financial risks. These risks and uncertainties are described in more detail under the heading “Risk management” and elsewhere in Lundin Energy’s Annual Report. Readers are cautioned that the foregoing list of risk factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement.1 Estimated reward shows the percentage of total reward where proportions are estimated assuming 50 per cent of maximum annual bonus and the fair value of the long-term incentive without any further share price or dividend effect. Different actual awards and the variable nature of incentives means that the actual proportions for an individual may be different.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,negative,0.01,0.05,0.94,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Lundin Energy AB', 'Notice', 'latest software version', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'personal identification number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'reliable network connection', 'corporate registration number', 'Lundin Energy AB', 'Q&A function', 'General Meetings', 'virtual meeting', 'Computershare AB', 'telephone number', 'Thursday 16 June', 'Swedish Act', 'Temporary Exemptions', 'thorough preparations', 'postal vote', 'Friday 10 June', 'share register', 'Wednesday 8 June', 'telephone Int', 'operating systems', 'web browser', 'admission card', 'virtual platform', 'other documents', 'Important information', 'technical complications', 'voting purposes', 'voting item', 'online participation', 'login instructions', 'proxy form', 'state name', 'voting rights', '09.00 a', '08.00 a', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'notice', 'Board', 'Directors', 'option', 'advance', 'accordance', 'Execution', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'terms', 'section', 'result', 'risk', 'votes', 'CEST', 'shares', 'nominee', 'time', 'website', 'lundin-energy', 'individuals', 'EGM', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'email', 'address', 'order', 'smartphone', 'tablet', 'alternatives', 'opportunity', 'questions', 'notification', 'certificate', 'authority', 'request']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,streetinsider.com
4927,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.benzinga.com/markets/emerging-markets/22/05/27233014/emerging-markets-bond-etf-embd-q1-2022-commentary,Emerging Markets Bond ETF (EMBD): Q1 2022 Commentary - Benzinga,1 hour ago,Image sourced from PixabayThis post contains sponsored advertising content. This content is for informational purposes only and not intended to be investing advice.For the period December 31  2021  to March 31  2022 (the “Period”)  the Global X Emerging Markets Bond ETF (the “Fund”) sub-advised by Mirae Asset Global Investments (USA) LLC posted a loss of 6.87% (including distributions paid to unitholders). This performance compares to a loss of 9.93% for the Fund’s benchmark  the JP Morgan EMBI Global Core Index (the “Index”) during the same period.The Index tracks liquid  U.S.-dollar emerging market (EM) fixed and floating-rate debt instruments issued by sovereign and quasi-sovereign entities.The Global X Income Outlook for Q1 2022 can be viewed here. This report seeks to provide macro-level data and insights across several income-oriented asset classes and strategies.We spoke last quarter about the hawkish pivot by the Federal Reserve (Fed)  and the likelihood of stickier inflationary pressures. These trends continued to materialize in 2022 as market expectations for aggressive monetary policy tightening took hold  and headline inflation data printed at extremely high levels by developed market standards. For investors  we believe there are some key themes and solutions to pay close attention to in the income investing markets.Key Takeaways:The potential for numerous rate hikes by the Fed and other central banks  as well as aggressive balance sheet unwinding seems increasingly likely for the remainder of the year.Low duration instruments  like variable rate preferreds  may be an alternative for fixed income investors looking to reduce interest rate risk but still pursue income objectives.Energy assets with strong fundamentals  like master limited partnerships (MLPs) and energy infrastructure equities  look appealing in a rising oil price environment.Options based strategies  such as covered calls  could be attractive with elevated volatility and the defensive posturing in the equity markets.Hawkish Central Bank Policies Make Further Rate and Credit Spread Rises More LikelyPersistent inflation in the United States and limited monetary policy response put the Fed in a precarious position to start the year. The Fed was forced to play catch up after leaving loose monetary policies in place  despite inflationary pressures spreading across the global economy. However  the Fed reacted sharply in Q1  raising rates for the first time in three years. The Fed wasn’t alone  though. The Bank of England and Bank of Canada  among others  raised rates  opening the door to broader global hawkish monetary policy this year.Additionally  it’s unlikely this pace of rate hikes and tapering will slow down. The European Central Bank (ECB)  historically very dovish compared to other developed central banks  said they could end their bond buying program in Q3.1 The futures market is currently projecting a move to zero interest rate levels from negative 50 basis points (bps) by year end.2 The U.S. and U.K. central banks are forecasted to be even more aggressive  with 125 bps in hikes by the United Kingdom and 200 bps in hikes by the United States forecasted in the futures market.3 Clearly  these would be the most aggressive policy actions in that short of a timespan that we’ve seen this cycle.We think the Fed  as an example  is being forced to play catch up as inflation levels in the United States reached 8.5% in the month of March. The last time headline inflation reached these levels in the United States was in the 1980s. The bond market is already moving in lockstep with inflation  so hawkish policy was priced into sovereign bond yields.Credit spread widening is also more likely in light of central bank rate hikes and further monetary policy tightening. There was a spike in credit spreads in Q1 as the equity markets sold off and the rate hiking path began. The rise in geopolitical tensions could also make financing conditions more challenging for high yield issuers.Variable Rate Preferreds as a Fixed Income AlternativeFor fixed income investors  aggressive monetary policy shifts raise two risks: rate hikes  which are already permeating into the market  and potential credit spread widening for corporate credit. For income investors  the key in this environment is balancing interest rate risk with the need for yield.Real (inflation-adjusted) yields turned negative in the midst of the pandemic  putting income investors in a challenging situation. The recent rise in sovereign bond yields is mitigating some of this risk  but real yields are still barely on the brink of turning positive. Persistent inflationary pressures  such as supply chain issues and labor shortages  are causing headline inflation to keep moving higher  with March’s figures coming in at 8.5%. This increases the need for real income levels to keep pace.Variable rate preferreds historically hold up well in rising rate environments with their lower duration characteristics. The outperformance of variable rate preferreds also occurred when compared to broader fixed income as well.Master Limited Partnerships as an Income Play on CommoditiesCommodity investments have been one of the shining spots in the market this year  as global supply shortages and inflationary pressures drove raw material prices higher. For income investors  though  the non-yielding nature of commodities futures makes that route less appealing to generate cash flow. The equity of companies in commodities businesses are more attractive given the return of capital potential through dividends or share buybacks.Master Limited Partnerships (MLPs) are one avenue for income investors to potentially both generate income and benefit from the commodity trade of oil. These pipeline businesses could be well positioned for a rise in U.S. energy production  and this year’s spike in oil and gas prices has also boosted natural resource assets  such as MLPs. The tax advantaged nature of the distributions and yield spreads compared to other asset classes could make MLPs a compelling option for income investors.Elevated Volatility Makes Covered Call Strategies Attractive in a Rising Rate EnvironmentCentral bank tightening did not just lead to a spike in yields and credit implications. Increased volatility began flowing into the equity markets as investors began re-pricing valuation multiples and growth equities began selling off in favor of value.Volatility increases were notable across major indices  after the equity market selloff earlier in Q1. For income investors  covered call strategies on major indices like the Nasdaq 100 or S&P 500 could be a way to generate income outside of traditional dividend paying stocks and fixed income.The potential for earnings growth may lead investors to desire some level of equity upside potential  while also collecting a potential income stream. With 6.5% earnings growth for Q2 expected in the S&P 500  and 11.1% for Q3  some income investors may want to maintain equity exposure.4 Below  we can see a comparison of the options premiums generated from writing covered calls both at-the-money with 100% notional coverage and also using 50% notional coverage to retain upside potential. For further information on options premiums for the Global X covered call strategies  including on the Russell 2000 and Dow Jones Industrial Average   please click the report in this link.ConclusionThe ramp up in Treasury yields and other sovereign bonds globally means income investors need to be on the lookout for the impact on their income portfolios. Broader fixed income assets are likely to face pressure amid aggressive tightening policies by central banks  and growth equity assets may be volatile for the foreseeable future with rising rates. Variable rate preferreds offer a balanced approach to duration risk and income levels from the preferreds. Sectors able to withstand inflation pushed through the supply chain could bode well in this environment compared to other segments of the market. Energy related assets  like MLPs  and options strategies  such as covered calls  that are able to monetize volatility could be solutions in this rising rate environment.The performance data quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares  when sold or redeemed  may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance quoted. For performance data current to the most recent month or quarter-end  please click here. Total expense ratio: 0.39%.Cumulative return is the aggregate amount that an investment has gained or lost over time.General Market ReviewHeading into 2022  the macro backdrop for risk-assets was already facing challenges from the expected slowdown in global growth  due to the resurgence of the Omicron variant and persistent inflationary dynamics. Further headwinds arose in the first quarter  with the threat of tighter monetary policy and escalating geopolitical tensions. At the beginning of the year  the market expected the U.S. Federal Reserve (Fed) to hike interest rates three times in 2022.1 This was considered aggressive at the time  given that the Fed was still expanding its balance sheet and growth rates were declining. However  the policy path quickly evolved as fears of persistent inflation began rising. With full support from the Biden administration  the Fed became very hawkish and led the market to price in more than 10 interest rate hikes for 2022  implying multiple Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meetings with 50 basis point hikes.2 Consequently  U.S. 10-year Treasury rates rose more than 83 basis points to 2.33%.3In the first quarter of 2022  Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine put further pressure on risk assets as well as inflation dynamics. Even though Russia makes up only 2.5% of the global GDP  the outsized influence of Russia on key global commodity export markets  such as oil (11%)  gas (17%)  wheat (11%)  and nickel (7%)  created anxiety among market participants.4 Russian-related sanctions and self-imposed sanctions by business communities further disrupted the global supply chain. Consequently  global energy and agricultural prices rose sharply  further pressuring inflation expectations. However  Russia did not cut off its natural gas flows to European markets  a move markets initially feared would be part of Russia’s counter measures against the West’s severe sanctions. Nevertheless  geopolitical tensions centered around the Russia-Ukraine war increased pressure on the global growth trajectory  while elevating the inflation outlook for the rest of 2022. One interesting observation by global central banks  post Russia-Ukraine escalation  was that central banks appeared to prioritize policy focus around stemming inflation as opposed to boosting growth.A macro development that received less media attention was China’s major policy pivot in mid-March. Contributions to China’s deteriorating domestic growth momentum include (1) the regulatory crackdowns in Chinese technology sectors  (2) the liquidity crunch experienced by real estate property developers  and (3) the risk of large-scale lockdowns in major cities due to surging COVID-19 cases. These finally forced the Chinese government to announce a major policy pivot when China’s Financial Stability and Development Committee (FSDC) signaled State-Owned Enterprises  including major Chinese banks  to support growth initiatives. Consequently  Chinese financial asset markets and assets sensitive to China’s growth impulse rebounded as the risk of China’s hard landing declined.For EM investors  Q1 2022 was an even more challenging environment as they had to recognize the losses from exposures to Russia in their portfolios. The swift countermeasures by the West in the form of economic and financial sanctions  including the coordinated efforts to freeze the foreign reserves of Central Bank of Russia  risked forcing Russia to default on foreign debt obligations. Furthermore  index providers’ decision to exclude Russia from widely followed bond and equity indices forced passive investors to crystalize losses at inopportune market timing. That being said  EM investors quickly differentiated winners and losers from the geopolitical crisis as the cost of the war was going to be unevenly distributed between commodity exporters and commodity importers. The terms of trade shock effects from higher commodity prices will likely show up in EM countries’ trade and budget balances in the coming quarters.EM credit markets faced multiple headwinds coming from (1) the sell-off in U.S. Treasuries triggered by the tightening monetary policy and (2) the credit spread widening driven by a deteriorating outlook from a growth slowdown and losses from Russian assets. Interestingly  EM credit markets were much more resilient than anticipated at the onset of Russia’s invasion  as the EM credit sector  excluding Russian assets  performed similarly to Developed Market credit markets during the Period. One likely explanation of the EM resilience could be that the surging commodity prices were a net positive factor for the majority of EM issuers.Portfolio ReviewDuring the Period  the Fund outperformed the Index by 306 basis points. The Fund’s lower duration relative to the Index and country selections positively contributed to performance (+108 and +232 basis points  respectively). However  the Fund’s security selection was a detractor (-34 basis points).5Heading into the first quarter  we maintained our underweight duration exposure as we expected global bond yields to move higher in the first half of the year while credit spreads were expected to remain elevated. Thus  our decision to overweight high-yielding assets over the investment-grade sector  given that there were more spread buffers to absorb in high-yield sovereign bonds  positively impacted the Fund’s performance.The largest positive contribution derived from our underweights in Russia and Ukraine  which added to performance by 256 and 17 basis points  respectively.6 We maintained our underweight position in Russia as the credit spreads were not sufficiently attractive relative to the ongoing headline risks of the military build-up. As the war broke out  we maintained our underweight positions in Russia and sold our remaining Russian exposures when the Euroclear settlement firm unblocked the settlement process of Russian securities. As for our Ukraine exposure  we headed into Q1 2022 with market neutral exposure as Ukraine bonds sold off aggressively in Q4 2021 in line with other bonds that have high volatility. However  we reduced our Ukrainian exposure as headline risks related to Russia’s invasion increased.On the other hand  the Fund’s underweight in Turkey detracted from performance. Given that Turkey’s external positions were vulnerable to tightening U.S. monetary policy and to higher commodity prices as a major oil and agricultural goods importer  we maintained underweight positions in Turkey. Furthermore  our overweight positions in Colombia  Brazil  and Morocco were further detractors from performance. Colombia lagged as the market remained cautious of election risks. Our security selection detracted from performance due to the Fund’s exposure to a South African technology holding company  Nasper  which had investment exposure to China’s leading platform (Tencent). The regulatory crackdown on the Chinese technology sector elevated the perceived credit risks of the issuer.During the Period  we reduced our exposure to higher yielding African issuers  as we believed that the negative shock to EM risk appetite will make it difficult for these issuers to raise capital from the new issue market  which may raise refinancing risks.Note: Asset class representations are as follows: MLPs  S&P MLP Index; High Yield Bonds  Bloomberg US Corporate High Yield Total Return Index; Emerging Market Bonds  Bloomberg EM USD Aggregate Total Return Index; Corporate Bonds  Bloomberg US Corporate Total Return Index; REITs  FTSE NAREIT All Equity REITS Index; Equities  S&P 500 Index; and Fixed Rate Preferreds ICE BofA Fixed Rate Preferred Securities Index. The performance data quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results.Outlook & StrategyKey investment themes heading into Q2 2022 are: (1) the market’s pricing of the Fed’s aggressive quantitative tightening (QT) path  (2) the repercussion of global commodity prices on the growth and inflation mix  (3) the risk of an elongated pandemic lockdown versus delivering on pro-growth commitment by the Chinese policymakers  and (4) geopolitical escalation.At the time of writing  the 10-year U.S. Treasury has continued to rise due to expectations of a more hawkish path for U.S. monetary policy. However  the recent sell-off in U.S. rates was not driven by the Fed’s policy rate path  which is already pricing in 250bp in 2022 and another 75bp in 2023  but by the market’s pricing of the Fed’s aggressive QT path. The Fed’s QT plan is more aggressive than many in the market had anticipated  not only in terms of the speed at which maximum cap should be reached  but also in terms of the size of the maximum cap with potential for Mortgage-Backed Securities sale. We expect the rise in rate volatility to dampen the general risk asset sentiments.Secondly  the longer the Russia-Ukraine conflict continues  the more likely global commodity prices may remain elevated  further deteriorating the growth-inflation mix. The market already shifted the expectation of global inflation fading from Q1 2022 to the latter half of the year. With global central banks already prioritizing inflation risks over growth slowdown risks in their policy focus  global growth momentum will likely deteriorate further in Q2 2022.Thirdly  the big uncertainty for global growth momentum is whether China will be able to quickly overcome the slowdown brought about by COVID-19 lockdown measures. We note that China’s credit impulse  namely the monthly change of flows in new credit  was trending higher prior to the lockdown measures. We believe this reflects how China’s government wanted to stimulate growth before the Communist Party National Congress gathers in the Fall to announce President Xi’s third term as party chief. Similar to what we have seen in Europe and in the United States  we expect China’s growth activity to quickly recover as the Omicron variant appears less concerning to authorities than prior variants. Furthermore  we expect authorities in China to provide more fiscal support to offset COVID-19 lockdown losses and to support EM asset risk appetite.Lastly  there remains a risk that the Russia-Ukraine geopolitical crisis could expand to a broader European event by inadvertently dragging one of the NATO members into the conflict. With all of the top-down macro risks mentioned above  we believe one positive catalyst for EM markets heading into Q2 2022 is that investors have likely incorporated these risks in their portfolios.Given that the risk-reward mix appears tilted more towards downside risks than upside potential  we plan to position the portfolio more defensively in terms of duration and credit risks relative to the Index. However  we plan to use the weaknesses in the credit markets triggered by the market’s overly aggressive assumptions of the Fed’s policy stance to add to duration risks. We feel that the sell-off in U.S. Treasury markets are excessive  given that the current level already reflects expectations for more than 10 interest rate hikes in 2022  in addition to the aggressive QT path.From a credit risk perspective  we plan to move up the credit quality spectrum by adding high-quality issuers while reducing lower quality and high-beta exposures. We find the investment grade corporate sector attractive from a risk-reward perspective as they may provide better protection from downside growth risks given that their credit fundamentals remain solid. Our regional allocation mix favors Latin America over Asia and the Middle East as higher commodity prices and hawkish regional EM central banks could potentially provide safeguards against tightening U.S. monetary policy. From a country allocation perspective  we believe credit differentiation driven by sovereigns with healthy external balance sheets will be the central theme for EM assets as the Fed withdraws liquidity support from the system.Credit Ratings noted are by Fitch  Moody’s  and Standard & Poor’s. Ratings are measured on a scale that generally ranges from Aaa (highest) to D (lowest). If more than one of these rating agencies rated the security  then an average of the ratings was taken to decide to security’s rating.1Graffeo  E. & Ferro  J. (2021  December 27). Stocks’ rally will likely survive the Fed’s first hike  Crossmark says.2Bloomberg L.P. (n.d.). [WIRP function  10.47 hikes priced in at time of writing] [Data set]. Retrieved April 21  2022 from Global X Bloomberg terminal.3McCormick  L. (2022  March 31). Investors brace for QT’s ‘profound effect’ on cost of liquidity.4Statista Research Department. (2022  April 6). Russia’s share in global production 2020  by commodity.5Analysis provided by Mirae Asset  as of March 31  2022.6Ibid.This post contains sponsored advertising content. This content is for informational purposes only and not intended to be investing advice.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.05,0.15,0.8,True,English,"['Emerging Markets Bond ETF', 'Q1 2022 Commentary', 'EMBD', 'Benzinga', 'JP Morgan EMBI Global Core Index', 'liquid, U.S.-dollar emerging market', 'Global X Emerging Markets Bond ETF', 'The Global X Income Outlook', 'broader global hawkish monetary policy', 'Mirae Asset Global Investments', 'several income-oriented asset classes', 'U.K. central banks', 'aggressive balance sheet unwinding', 'aggressive monetary policy shifts', 'other developed central banks', 'limited monetary policy response', 'aggressive monetary policy tightening', 'rising oil price environment', 'The European Central Bank', 'Hawkish Central Bank Policies', 'zero interest rate levels', 'last time headline inflation', 'central bank rate hikes', 'The U.S.', 'other central banks', 'loose monetary policies', 'aggressive policy actions', 'master limited partnerships', 'rising rate environments', 'bond buying program', 'income investing markets', 'floating-rate debt instruments', 'Low duration instruments', 'negative 50 basis points', 'supply chain issues', 'lower duration characteristics', 'variable rate preferreds', 'rate hiking path', 'interest rate risk', 'energy infrastructure equities', 'stickier inflationary pressures', 'sovereign bond yields', 'numerous rate hikes', 'Credit spread widening', 'Options based strategies', 'fixed income investors', 'Persistent inflationary pressures', 'headline inflation data', 'Fixed Income Alternative', 'high yield issuers', 'real income levels', 'potential credit spread', 'hawkish policy', 'global economy', 'The Index', 'The Bank', 'bond market', 'hawkish pivot', 'equity markets', 'first time', 'Further Rate', 'high levels', 'income objectives', 'EM) fixed', 'inflation levels', 'macro-level data', 'Energy assets', 'adjusted) yields', 'real yields', 'market expectations', 'market standards', 'futures market', 'credit spreads', 'corporate credit', 'sovereign entities', 'The Fed', 'informational purposes', 'Federal Reserve', 'strong fundamentals', 'elevated volatility', 'defensive posturing', 'United States', 'precarious position', 'three years', 'United Kingdom', 'geopolitical tensions', 'financing conditions', 'two risks', 'challenging situation', 'labor shortages', 'key themes', 'Key Takeaways', 'advertising content', 'recent rise', 'same period', 'year end', 'Image', 'Pixabay', 'advice', 'December', 'March', 'USA', 'LLC', 'loss', 'distributions', 'unitholders', 'performance', 'benchmark', 'Q1 2022', 'report', 'insights', 'likelihood', 'trends', 'solutions', 'attention', 'remainder', 'MLPs', 'calls', 'place', 'rates', 'England', 'Canada', 'others', 'door', 'pace', 'tapering', 'ECB', 'move', '125 bps', '200 bps', 'timespan', 'cycle', 'example', 'month', '1980s', 'lockstep', 'light', 'spike', 'need', 'midst', 'pandemic', 'brink', 'figures', '6.', '9.']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,benzinga.com
4928,Euroclear,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/baltic-horizon-fund-general-meeting-192000280.html,Baltic Horizon Fund General Meeting – notice to investors,Agenda Presentation of the FY2021 audited annual report of Baltic Horizon Fund  and interim report of Q1 2022; Presentation of the status with units traded on Nasdaq Stockholm due to Euroclear Sweden agreement termination on 30 September 2022; Resolution ...,Baltic Horizon Fund / Northern Horizon CapitalNorthern Horizon Capital AS invites Baltic Horizon Fund unit-holders to attend an annual General Meeting on 7 June 2022 at 14:00 (local Estonian time) at the office of Northern Horizon Capital AS at Tornimäe 2  24th floor  10145 Tallinn  Estonia. Registration for the meeting will begin at 13:00. The General Meeting will be held in English.The meeting is convened in accordance with sections 8.12  10.4 and 10.6 of the Rules of Baltic Horizon Fund and sections 47-1 of the Investment Funds Act of Estonia.The total number of units and votes in Baltic Horizon Fund amounts to 119 635 429.Unit holders may issue a power of attorney with instructions for voting to exercise their rights as a unit-holder. We propose the unit-holders to consider designating fund manager Tarmo Karotam as their authorised representative.Unit-holders may also join the webinar to view the annual general meeting online on 7 June 2022 at 14:00.To join the webinar  please register via the following link:https://nasdaq.zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_L6L4xYS5QYuSAR_TYSIe2QYou will be provided with the webinar link and instructions how to join successfully. The webinar will be recorded and available online for everyone at the company’s website on www.baltichorizon.com .AgendaPresentation of the FY2021 audited annual report of Baltic Horizon Fund  and interim report of Q1 2022; Presentation of the status with units traded on Nasdaq Stockholm due to Euroclear Sweden agreement termination on 30 September 2022; Resolution on establishment of Baltic Horizon Fund units buy-back program.Unit-holders are invited to send questions and comments on the agenda to the fund manager at Tarmo.Karotam@nh-cap.com by 31 May 2022. Northern Horizon Capital AS will respond to these questions and comments as soon as possible but no later than at the meeting itself.Participation – requirements and noticeInvestors who are entered in the Baltic Horizon Fund registry of unit-holders maintained by Nasdaq CSD SE ten days before the date of the General Meeting  i.e. at the end of business of Nasdaq CSD SE on 27 May 2022  are entitled to participate in the meeting.Story continuesIn order to facilitate the registration process  Investors whose units are registered in their own name are invited to provide notice of their attendance by 31 May 2022 to bhfmeeting@nh-cap.com . Notice should include name  personal identification number (or the registration number of the legal person)  address  number of units represented and  if applicable  attendance of any representatives  along with the name and personal identification number of the representatives. The attendance of a representative does not deprive the unit-holder of the right to participate at the meeting.Instructions to holders of Baltic Horizon Fund units registered with Euroclear Sweden AB in SwedenNotice of participation should be sent by 16:00 EET on 31 May 2022 to bhfmeeting@nh-cap.com . Notice should include name  personal identification number (or the registration number of the legal person)  address  number of units represented and  if applicable  attendance of any representatives  along with the name and personal identification number of the representatives. The attendance of a representative does not deprive the unit-holder of the right to participate at the meeting.Representation under a power of attorneyUnit-holders whose representatives are acting under a power of attorney are requested to prepare a written power of attorney for the representative in Estonian or English (templates can be found at Annex 1).A copy of the executed power of attorney should be sent to bhfmeeting@nh-cap.com together with the notice of participation. In case the power of attorney is issued by a legal person  a certified copy of the registration certificate (or equivalent certificate of authority) shall be also submitted together with  as applicable  the documents certifying the authority of the representative in case the power of attorney is signed by a person under a power of attorney.Baltic Horizon Fund is registered in Estonia  which means that any power of attorney (or any certified copy of the registration certificate of a legal person) issued in a foreign country should be notarised and accompanied by an apostille. The apostille requirement applies  for example  to powers of attorney issued and notarised in Sweden or Finland.Instructions for the day of the General MeetingWe kindly ask Investors to bring a personal identification document  and for their representatives also to present the original written power of attorney in English or Estonian. In case the unit-holder is a legal person  documentation in Estonian or English language certifying the authority of the unit-holder’s representative or the signatory of the power of attorney will be also requested.Data collected by Northern Horizon Capital AS from powers of attorney  the unitholders registry maintained by Nasdaq CSD SE  and the list of holders of units registered in the Euroclear Sweden AB system will be used for the purpose of registration.Northern Horizon Capital AS proposals on the agenda items3. Resolution on units buy-back program.Northern Horizon Capital AS proposes that the General Meeting resolves to establish a buy-back program of Baltic Horizon Fund and authorises Northern Horizon Capital AS (or person acting under its mandate) to acquire the fund’s own units  under the following conditions:i. The re-purchases of units are executed either on Nasdaq Tallinn and/or Nasdaq Stockholm in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq Tallinn and/or Nasdaq Stockholm applicable and strictly in line with applicable legislation;ii. The purpose of the re-purchase program is to strengthen the capital structure of Baltic Horizon Fund by purchasing units at the price lower than the NAV of the unit at the time;iii. Re-purchases are made at the price level lower than NAV of Baltic Horizon Fund unit at the time;iv. Maximum of 10 000 000 units may be repurchased during the period of 36 months starting from 30 June 2022 for the maximum amount of EUR 10 000 000;v. The aggregate number of units purchased and held by Baltic Horizon Fund shall not exceed 10% of the total number of fund units at any time;vi. Payment for the units shall be made in cash;vii. The units held by Baltic Horizon Fund shall not grant any unitholder rights to the fund or to Northern Horizon Capital AS;viii. Northern Horizon Capital AS shall cancel the units purchased within 3 months after the re-purchase.Baltic Horizon Fund currently does not own any own units.Annex 1:Form of power of attorney to appoint a representative for the General Meeting (in Estonian) Form of power of attorney to appoint a representative for the General Meeting (in English)For additional information  please contact:Tarmo KarotamBaltic Horizon Fund managerE-mail tarmo.karotam@nh-cap.comwww.baltichorizon.comBaltic Horizon Fund is a registered contractual public closed-end real estate fund that is managed by Alternative Investment Fund Manager license holder Northern Horizon Capital AS.Distribution: GlobeNewswire  Nasdaq Tallinn  Nasdaq Stockholm  www.baltichorizon.comAttachments,neutral,0.04,0.9,0.06,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Baltic Horizon Fund General Meeting', 'notice', 'investors', 'Northern Horizon Capital AS', 'FY2021 audited annual report', 'Baltic Horizon Fund registry', 'Euroclear Sweden AB system', 'Baltic Horizon Fund units', 'Baltic Horizon Fund unit-holders', 'Investment Funds Act', 'personal identification document', 'Nasdaq CSD SE', 'personal identification number', 'annual General Meeting', 'local Estonian time', 'The General Meeting', 'original written power', 'fund manager', 'interim report', 'unitholders registry', 'nasdaq.zoom', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'total number', 'registration number', 'Tornimäe', '24th floor', 'following link', 'agreement termination', 'equivalent certificate', 'foreign country', 'registration process', 'legal person', 'registration certificate', 'certified copy', 'apostille requirement', 'Unit holders', 'English language', 'webinar link', 'authorised representative', 'Tarmo Karotam', '7 June', 'office', '10145 Tallinn', 'accordance', 'sections', 'Rules', 'votes', 'attorney', 'instructions', 'voting', 'rights', 'WN_L6L4xYS5QYuSAR_TYSIe2Q', 'everyone', 'company', 'website', 'baltichorizon', 'Agenda', 'Presentation', 'Q1 2022', 'status', '30 September', 'Resolution', 'establishment', 'questions', 'comments', '31 May', 'Participation', 'requirements', 'notice', 'Investors', 'date', 'business', '27 May', 'Story', 'order', 'name', 'attendance', 'bhfmeeting', 'address', 'representatives', '16:00 EET', 'templates', 'Annex', 'case', 'authority', 'documents', 'example', 'powers', 'Finland', 'day', 'documentation', 'signatory', 'Data', 'list']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,uk.finance.yahoo.com
4929,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Four ways cannabis banking could cross the finish line in 2022 #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/5E7SymsW6a #regtech,nan,Four ways cannabis banking could cross the finish line in 2022 #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/5E7SymsW6a #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Four ways', 'cannabis banking', 'finish line', 'Fintech', 'E7SymsW6a', 'regtech', 'Four ways', 'cannabis banking', 'finish line', 'Fintech', 'E7SymsW6a', 'regtech']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,Unknown
4930,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,TerraCom (ASX:TER) has been working to finalise its Prepayment Facility in order to fully repay the Euroclear Bond.… https://t.co/WJul1JKP8P,nan,TerraCom (ASX:TER) has been working to finalise its Prepayment Facility in order to fully repay the Euroclear Bond.… https://t.co/WJul1JKP8P,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['Prepayment Facility', 'Euroclear Bond', 'TerraCom', 'ASX', 'order', 'WJul1JKP8P', 'Prepayment Facility', 'Euroclear Bond', 'TerraCom', 'ASX', 'order', 'WJul1JKP8P']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,Unknown
4931,Clearstream,Google API,https://mathandling.com.au/uncategorized/1201156/ptca-coronary-balloon-catheter-market-growth-by-top-companies-trends-by-types-and-application-forecast-to-2028-aachen-resonance-accura-medizintechnik-acrostak/,PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Growth by Top Companies  Trends by Types and Application  Forecast to 2028,8 hours ago,“LOS ANGELES  United States: QY Research offers an encyclopedic study of the global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter market with holistic insights into vital factors and aspects that impact future market growth. The global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter market has been analyzed for the forecast period 2022-2028 and historical period 2017-2021. In order to help players to gain comprehensive understanding of the global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter market and its critical dynamics  the research study provides detailed qualitative and quantitative analysis. Furthermore  readers are offered with complete and thorough research on different regions and segments of the global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter market. Almost all industry-specific  microeconomic  and macroeconomic factors influencing the global market growth have been analyzed in the report.Get Full PDF Sample Copy of Report: (Including Full TOC  List of Tables & Figures  Chart) https://www.qyresearch.com/sample-form/form/4610916/global-ptca-coronary-balloon-catheter-marketWith an exhaustive analysis of the competitive landscape  the authors of the PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter market report have made a brilliant attempt to explore key developments  pricing and business tactics  and future plans of leading companies. Besides the PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter market performance of players in terms of revenue and sales  the analysts shed light on their production  areas served  gross margin  and other important factors. In addition  the PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter report helps players to gain an upper hand in the market competition as it deeply analyzes the market positioning  market growth  and product portfolio of their competitors.Key Players Mentioned in the Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Research Report: Aachen ResonanceAccura MedizintechnikAcrostakAesculapAlvimedicaamg InternationalAngioScoreArthesysBaltonBiosensors InternationalBiotronikBrosMed MedicalClearstream TechnologiesComedCordisDegania SiliconeGlobal PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Segmentation by Product: Quick Exchange TypeOverall Exchange TypeFixed Guide Wire TypePerfusion TypeGlobal PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Segmentation by Application: HospitalClinicThe report is the best compilation of different types of segmental analysis of the global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter market conducted from different angles. The pragmatic approach taken by analysts to study various market segments and the top-down and bottom-up approaches adopted to forecast their market sizes make PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter research study unique and accurate. For validation and revalidation of market figures and other findings  reliable primary sources such as technology and innovation directors  MDs  VPs  CEOs  and supply-side and demand-side industry experts were consulted. Secondary sources such as Bloomberg  databases  white papers  press releases  and company reports were used to collect market information and data.This research study can be used by all participants of the global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter market as it covers every major and minor aspect of the current and future market competition. Even for stakeholders  it can prove highly beneficial  considering the range of studies offered along with detailed analysis of growth strategies that players are expected to adopt in the coming years. New entrants or players looking to make a foray into the global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter market can gather useful information and effective advice from the report. On the other hand  established companies can use the PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter report to stay updated about current and future market scenarios and plan out their future business moves.Reasons to Procure this Report: –(A) The research would help top administration/policymakers/professionals/product advancements/sales managers and stakeholders in this market in the following ways.(B) The report provides PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter market revenues at the worldwide  regional  and country-level with a complete analysis to 2028 permitting companies to analyze their market share and analyze projections  and find new markets to aim.(C) The research includes the PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter market split by different types  applications  technologies  and end-uses. This segmentation helps leaders plan their products and finances based on the upcoming development rates of each segment.(D) PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter market analysis benefits investors by knowing the scope and position of the market giving them information on key drivers  challenges  restraints  and expansion chances of the market and moderate threats.(E) This report would help to understand competition better with a detailed analysis and key strategies of their competitors and plan their position in the business.(F) The study helps evaluate PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter business predictions by region  key countries  and top companies’ information to channel their investments.Key Questions Answered in the Report Include:(1) This report gives all the information about the industry analysis  revenue  and overview  of this market.(2) What will be the rate of increase in market size and growth rate by the end of the forecast period?(3) What are the major global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter market trends influencing the development of the market?(4) What are the vital results of SWOT analysis of the major players operating in the PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter market?(5) What are the potential growth opportunities and threats faced by Major competitors in the market?(6) What are the market opportunities and threats faced by vendors in the Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter market?Request for customization in Report: https://www.qyresearch.com/customize-request/form/4610916/global-ptca-coronary-balloon-catheter-marketTable of Content1 PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Overview1.1 PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Product Overview1.2 PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Segment by Type1.2.1 Quick Exchange Type1.2.2 Overall Exchange Type1.2.3 Fixed Guide Wire Type1.2.4 Perfusion Type1.3 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Size by Type1.3.1 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Size Overview by Type (2017-2028)1.3.2 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Historic Market Size Review by Type (2017-2022)1.3.2.1 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales Breakdown in Volume by Type (2017-2022)1.3.2.2 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales Breakdown in Value by Type (2017-2022)1.3.2.3 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Average Selling Price (ASP) by Type (2017-2022)1.3.3 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Forecasted Market Size by Type (2023-2028)1.3.3.1 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales Breakdown in Volume by Type (2023-2028)1.3.3.2 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales Breakdown in Value by Type (2023-2028)1.3.3.3 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Average Selling Price (ASP) by Type (2023-2028)1.4 Key Regions Market Size Segment by Type1.4.1 North America PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales Breakdown by Type (2017-2022)1.4.2 Europe PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales Breakdown by Type (2017-2022)1.4.3 Asia-Pacific PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales Breakdown by Type (2017-2022)1.4.4 Latin America PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales Breakdown by Type (2017-2022)1.4.5 Middle East and Africa PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales Breakdown by Type (2017-2022)2 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Competition by Company2.1 Global Top Players by PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales (2017-2022)2.2 Global Top Players by PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Revenue (2017-2022)2.3 Global Top Players PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Price (2017-2022)2.4 Global Top Manufacturers PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Manufacturing Base Distribution  Sales Area  Product Type2.5 PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Competitive Situation and Trends2.5.1 PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Concentration Rate (2017-2022)2.5.2 Global 5 and 10 Largest Manufacturers by PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales and Revenue in 20212.6 Global Top Manufacturers by Company Type (Tier 1  Tier 2 and Tier 3) & (based on the Revenue in PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter as of 2021)2.7 Date of Key Manufacturers Enter into PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market2.8 Key Manufacturers PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Product Offered2.9 Mergers & Acquisitions  Expansion3 PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Status and Outlook by Region3.1 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Size and CAGR by Region: 2017 VS 2021 VS 20283.2 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Historic Market Size by Region3.2.1 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Volume by Region (2017-2022)3.2.2 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Value by Region (2017-2022)3.2.3 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales (Volume & Value) Price and Gross Margin (2017-2022)3.3 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Forecasted Market Size by Region3.3.1 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Volume by Region (2023-2028)3.3.2 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Value by Region (2023-2028)3.3.3 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales (Volume & Value)  Price and Gross Margin (2023-2028)4 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter by Application4.1 PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Segment by Application4.1.1 Hospital4.1.2 Clinic4.2 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Size by Application4.2.1 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Size Overview by Application (2017-2028)4.2.2 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Historic Market Size Review by Application (2017-2022)4.2.2.1 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales Breakdown in Volume  by Application (2017-2022)4.2.2.2 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales Breakdown in Value  by Application (2017-2022)4.2.2.3 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Average Selling Price (ASP) by Application (2017-2022)4.2.3 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Forecasted Market Size by Application (2023-2028)4.2.3.1 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales Breakdown in Volume  by Application (2023-2028)4.2.3.2 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales Breakdown in Value  by Application (2023-2028)4.2.3.3 Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Average Selling Price (ASP) by Application (2023-2028)4.3 Key Regions Market Size Segment by Application4.3.1 North America PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales Breakdown by Application (2017-2022)4.3.2 Europe PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales Breakdown by Application (2017-2022)4.3.3 Asia-Pacific PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales Breakdown by Application (2017-2022)4.3.4 Latin America PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales Breakdown by Application (2017-2022)4.3.5 Middle East and Africa PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales Breakdown by Application (2017-2022)5 North America PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter by Country5.1 North America PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Historic Market Size by Country5.1.1 North America PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Volume by Country (2017-2022)5.1.2 North America PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Value by Country (2017-2022)5.2 North America PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Forecasted Market Size by Country5.2.1 North America PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Volume by Country (2023-2028)5.2.2 North America PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Value by Country (2023-2028)6 Europe PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter by Country6.1 Europe PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Historic Market Size by Country6.1.1 Europe PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Volume by Country (2017-2022)6.1.2 Europe PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Value by Country (2017-2022)6.2 Europe PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Forecasted Market Size by Country6.2.1 Europe PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Volume by Country (2023-2028)6.2.2 Europe PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Value by Country (2023-2028)7 Asia-Pacific PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter by Region7.1 Asia-Pacific PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Historic Market Size by Region7.1.1 Asia-Pacific PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Volume by Region (2017-2022)7.1.2 Asia-Pacific PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Value by Region (2017-2022)7.2 Asia-Pacific PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Forecasted Market Size by Region7.2.1 Asia-Pacific PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Volume by Region (2023-2028)7.2.2 Asia-Pacific PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Value by Region (2023-2028)8 Latin America PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter by Country8.1 Latin America PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Historic Market Size by Country8.1.1 Latin America PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Volume by Country (2017-2022)8.1.2 Latin America PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Value by Country (2017-2022)8.2 Latin America PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Forecasted Market Size by Country8.2.1 Latin America PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Volume by Country (2023-2028)8.2.2 Latin America PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Value by Country (2023-2028)9 Middle East and Africa PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter by Country9.1 Middle East and Africa PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Historic Market Size by Country9.1.1 Middle East and Africa PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Volume by Country (2017-2022)9.1.2 Middle East and Africa PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Value by Country (2017-2022)9.2 Middle East and Africa PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Forecasted Market Size by Country9.2.1 Middle East and Africa PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Volume by Country (2023-2028)9.2.2 Middle East and Africa PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales in Value by Country (2023-2028)10 Company Profiles and Key Figures in PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Business10.1 Aachen Resonance10.1.1 Aachen Resonance Corporation Information10.1.2 Aachen Resonance Introduction and Business Overview10.1.3 Aachen Resonance PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales  Revenue and Gross Margin (2017-2022)10.1.4 Aachen Resonance PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Products Offered10.1.5 Aachen Resonance Recent Development10.2 Accura Medizintechnik10.2.1 Accura Medizintechnik Corporation Information10.2.2 Accura Medizintechnik Introduction and Business Overview10.2.3 Accura Medizintechnik PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales  Revenue and Gross Margin (2017-2022)10.2.4 Accura Medizintechnik PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Products Offered10.2.5 Accura Medizintechnik Recent Development10.3 Acrostak10.3.1 Acrostak Corporation Information10.3.2 Acrostak Introduction and Business Overview10.3.3 Acrostak PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales  Revenue and Gross Margin (2017-2022)10.3.4 Acrostak PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Products Offered10.3.5 Acrostak Recent Development10.4 Aesculap10.4.1 Aesculap Corporation Information10.4.2 Aesculap Introduction and Business Overview10.4.3 Aesculap PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales  Revenue and Gross Margin (2017-2022)10.4.4 Aesculap PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Products Offered10.4.5 Aesculap Recent Development10.5 Alvimedica10.5.1 Alvimedica Corporation Information10.5.2 Alvimedica Introduction and Business Overview10.5.3 Alvimedica PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales  Revenue and Gross Margin (2017-2022)10.5.4 Alvimedica PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Products Offered10.5.5 Alvimedica Recent Development10.6 amg International10.6.1 amg International Corporation Information10.6.2 amg International Introduction and Business Overview10.6.3 amg International PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales  Revenue and Gross Margin (2017-2022)10.6.4 amg International PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Products Offered10.6.5 amg International Recent Development10.7 AngioScore10.7.1 AngioScore Corporation Information10.7.2 AngioScore Introduction and Business Overview10.7.3 AngioScore PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales  Revenue and Gross Margin (2017-2022)10.7.4 AngioScore PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Products Offered10.7.5 AngioScore Recent Development10.8 Arthesys10.8.1 Arthesys Corporation Information10.8.2 Arthesys Introduction and Business Overview10.8.3 Arthesys PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales  Revenue and Gross Margin (2017-2022)10.8.4 Arthesys PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Products Offered10.8.5 Arthesys Recent Development10.9 Balton10.9.1 Balton Corporation Information10.9.2 Balton Introduction and Business Overview10.9.3 Balton PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales  Revenue and Gross Margin (2017-2022)10.9.4 Balton PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Products Offered10.9.5 Balton Recent Development10.10 Biosensors International10.10.1 Biosensors International Corporation Information10.10.2 Biosensors International Introduction and Business Overview10.10.3 Biosensors International PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales  Revenue and Gross Margin (2017-2022)10.10.4 Biosensors International PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Products Offered10.10.5 Biosensors International Recent Development10.11 Biotronik10.11.1 Biotronik Corporation Information10.11.2 Biotronik Introduction and Business Overview10.11.3 Biotronik PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales  Revenue and Gross Margin (2017-2022)10.11.4 Biotronik PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Products Offered10.11.5 Biotronik Recent Development10.12 BrosMed Medical10.12.1 BrosMed Medical Corporation Information10.12.2 BrosMed Medical Introduction and Business Overview10.12.3 BrosMed Medical PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales  Revenue and Gross Margin (2017-2022)10.12.4 BrosMed Medical PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Products Offered10.12.5 BrosMed Medical Recent Development10.13 Clearstream Technologies10.13.1 Clearstream Technologies Corporation Information10.13.2 Clearstream Technologies Introduction and Business Overview10.13.3 Clearstream Technologies PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales  Revenue and Gross Margin (2017-2022)10.13.4 Clearstream Technologies PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Products Offered10.13.5 Clearstream Technologies Recent Development10.14 Comed10.14.1 Comed Corporation Information10.14.2 Comed Introduction and Business Overview10.14.3 Comed PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales  Revenue and Gross Margin (2017-2022)10.14.4 Comed PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Products Offered10.14.5 Comed Recent Development10.15 Cordis10.15.1 Cordis Corporation Information10.15.2 Cordis Introduction and Business Overview10.15.3 Cordis PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales  Revenue and Gross Margin (2017-2022)10.15.4 Cordis PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Products Offered10.15.5 Cordis Recent Development10.16 Degania Silicone10.16.1 Degania Silicone Corporation Information10.16.2 Degania Silicone Introduction and Business Overview10.16.3 Degania Silicone PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Sales  Revenue and Gross Margin (2017-2022)10.16.4 Degania Silicone PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Products Offered10.16.5 Degania Silicone Recent Development11 Upstream  Opportunities  Challenges  Risks and Influences Factors Analysis11.1 PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Key Raw Materials11.1.1 Key Raw Materials11.1.2 Key Raw Materials Price11.1.3 Raw Materials Key Suppliers11.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure11.2.1 Raw Materials11.2.2 Labor Cost11.2.3 Manufacturing Expenses11.3 PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Industrial Chain Analysis11.4 PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Dynamics11.4.1 PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Industry Trends11.4.2 PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Drivers11.4.3 PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Challenges11.4.4 PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Restraints12 Market Strategy Analysis  Distributors12.1 Sales Channel12.2 PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Distributors12.3 PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Downstream Customers13 Research Findings and Conclusion14 Appendix14.1 Research Methodology14.1.1 Methodology/Research Approach14.1.1.1 Research Programs/Design14.1.1.2 Market Size Estimation14.1.1.3 Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation14.1.2 Data Source14.1.2.1 Secondary Sources14.1.2.2 Primary Sources14.2 Author Details14.3 DisclaimerAbout Us:QY Research established in 2007  focus on custom research  management consulting  IPO consulting  industry chain research  data base and seminar services. The company owned a large basic data base (such as National Bureau of statistics database  Customs import and export database  Industry Association Database etc)  expert’s resources (included energy automotive chemical medical ICT consumer goods etc.”,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.84,0.14,0.03,True,English,"['PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Growth', 'Top Companies', 'Trends', 'Types', 'Application', 'Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Research Report', 'Global PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter Market Segmentation', 'PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter market analysis benefits', 'PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter market performance', 'PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter market revenues', 'PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter business predictions', 'PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter market report', 'PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter research study', 'PTCA Coronary Balloon Catheter report', 'Fixed Guide Wire Type', 'Full PDF Sample Copy', 'global market growth', 'future market scenarios', 'future market growth', 'various market segments', 'Quick Exchange Type', 'Overall Exchange Type', 'demand-side industry experts', 'future market competition', 'upcoming development rates', 'future business moves', 'reliable primary sources', 'other important factors', 'top companies’ information', 'market positioning', 'market sizes', 'market information', 'market share', 'market figures', 'QY Research', 'thorough research', 'Full TOC', 'business tactics', 'Perfusion Type', 'future plans', 'quantitative analysis', 'exhaustive analysis', 'segmental analysis', 'detailed analysis', 'encyclopedic study', 'Secondary sources', 'growth strategies', 'top administration/policymakers', 'vital factors', 'macroeconomic factors', 'other findings', 'other hand', 'complete analysis', 'LOS ANGELES', 'United States', 'holistic insights', 'forecast period', 'historical period', 'comprehensive understanding', 'critical dynamics', 'detailed qualitative', 'different regions', 'competitive landscape', 'brilliant attempt', 'key developments', 'leading companies', 'gross margin', 'upper hand', 'Aachen Resonance', 'Accura Medizintechnik', 'amg International', 'Arthesys Balton', 'Biosensors International', 'BrosMed Medical', 'Degania Silicone', 'Hospital Clinic', 'best compilation', 'different types', 'different angles', 'pragmatic approach', 'bottom-up approaches', 'innovation directors', 'white papers', 'press releases', 'company reports', 'minor aspect', 'coming years', 'New entrants', 'useful information', 'effective advice', 'established companies', 'following ways', 'new markets', 'key drivers', 'moderate threats', 'key strategies', 'key countries', 'Key Ques', 'product portfolio', 'product advancements', 'Clearstream Technologies', 'sales managers', 'Key Players', 'aspects', 'order', 'readers', 'Tables', 'Chart', 'qyresearch', 'catheter-market', 'authors', 'pricing', 'terms', 'analysts', 'light', 'production', 'areas', 'addition', 'competitors', 'Acrostak', 'Aesculap', 'Alvimedica', 'AngioScore', 'Biotronik', 'Cordis', 'Application', 'top-down', 'validation', 'technology', 'MDs', 'VPs', 'CEOs', 'supply-side', 'Bloomberg', 'databases', 'participants', 'major', 'current', 'stakeholders', 'range', 'studies', 'foray', 'Reasons', 'professionals', 'regional', 'country-level', 'projections', 'end-uses', 'leaders', 'products', 'finances', 'investors', 'scope', 'challenges', 'restraints', 'expansion', 'chances', 'investments', '2028']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,mathandling.com.au
4932,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://decrypt.co/100487/grayscale-launches-european-future-finance-etf-tracking-crypto-firms,Grayscale Launches European 'Future of Finance' ETF Tracking Crypto Firms,First rolled out in the U.S. in February  Grayscale’s “Future of Finance” ETF is now available on major stock exchanges in Europe.,Grayscale Investments has today announced that its “Future of Finance” exchange-traded fund (ETF) will list on the London Stock Exchange  Borsa Italiana  and Deutsche Börse Xetra.ETFs are a popular investment tool that lets investors buy commodities or a basket of shares for a relatively low management fee.The Grayscale Future of Finance UCITS ETF (GFOF) is thus a way for investors to make a single stock purchase to bet on the performance of a variety of companies heavily committed to the crypto economy.The fund is based on the Bloomberg Grayscale Future of Finance Index (BGFOF)  which tracks the performance of financial services companies “projected to be leaders of the emerging digital economy.”These include stocks such as Robinhood  PayPal  Block  and Coinbase  and several crypto mining and energy management firms  including Argo Blockchain  Northern Data  and Canaan.GFOF was first launched in February this year on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and currently includes 21 public companies. The fund’s starting price was $25.93; however  as crypto companies’ stocks plunged last week  it closed Friday's trading session at $14.69.Yet  the Connecticut-based firm is confident in the long-term value the product will deliver“At Grayscale  we have long believed that the digital economy will be a major driver for the development and growth of the global economy ” said David LaValle  Grayscale’s global head of ETFs.He added that “European investors now have the opportunity to receive exposure to the companies that are pivotal to the evolution of the global financial system.”Grayscale’s Bitcoin ETF pushGrayscale is best known for its selection of cryptocurrency investment products  including the Grayscale Bitcoin Trust (GBTC)  the firm’s flagship product.Since February 2021  GBTC has been suffering from a deepening discount  which last week hit historic lows below 30%.To eliminate the discount  Grayscale is actively pushing to convert its GBTC into a physical Bitcoin ETF but faces strong opposition from the U.S. Security and Exchange Commission (SEC). Citing risks of price manipulation and Bitcoin’s volatility  the agency is yet to approve a Bitcoin ETF backed by the actual asset.At the same time  the agency has already greenlit four Bitcoin ETFs tied to futures contracts.As reported by Decrypt  earlier this month  Grayscale held a private meeting with the SEC to persuade the regulator to approve the move  with the deadline for its pending application due on July 6.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.01,0.24,0.74,True,English,"[""Finance' ETF Tracking"", ""European 'Future"", 'Crypto Firms', 'Grayscale', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'single stock purchase', 'popular investment tool', 'low management fee', 'energy management firms', 'cryptocurrency investment products', 'U.S. Security', 'several crypto mining', 'global financial system', 'financial services companies', 'Finance UCITS ETF', 'emerging digital economy', 'physical Bitcoin ETF', 'Finance” exchange-traded fund', 'The Grayscale Future', 'Bloomberg Grayscale Future', 'Grayscale Bitcoin Trust', 'four Bitcoin ETFs', 'crypto companies’ stocks', 'Exchange Commission', 'crypto economy', 'Finance Index', 'global economy', 'global head', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Argo Blockchain', 'Northern Data', '21 public companies', 'starting price', 'trading session', 'long-term value', 'major driver', 'David LaValle', 'historic lows', 'strong opposition', 'price manipulation', 'actual asset', 'same time', 'futures contracts', 'private meeting', 'pending application', 'Grayscale Investments', 'Connecticut-based firm', 'flagship product', 'deepening discount', 'European investors', 'commodities', 'basket', 'shares', 'GFOF', 'way', 'performance', 'variety', 'leaders', 'Robinhood', 'PayPal', 'Coinbase', 'Canaan', 'February', 'NYSE', 'Friday', 'development', 'growth', 'opportunity', 'exposure', 'evolution', 'selection', 'GBTC', 'risks', 'volatility', 'agency', 'Decrypt', 'regulator', 'move', 'deadline', 'July']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,decrypt.co
4933,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.bnnbloomberg.ca/grayscale-makes-europe-debut-with-crypto-etf-1.1766507,Grayscale Makes Europe Debut with Crypto ETF,Grayscale Investment LLC  the operator of the world’s biggest crypto fund  is making its European debut with an exchange-traded fund tracking a basket of digital asset companies  rather than a product tied to the price of Bitcoin itself.,(Bloomberg) -- Grayscale Investment LLC  the operator of the world’s biggest crypto fund  is making its European debut with an exchange-traded fund tracking a basket of digital asset companies  rather than a product tied to the price of Bitcoin itself.The fund manager will launch its Future of Finance UCITS ETF (ticker GFOF) on the London Stock Exchange  Borsa Italiana and Deutsche Börse Xetra on Monday  in collaboration with white-label ETF platform HANetf.First launched in the US in February  GFOF tracks the investment performance of the $443 billion Bloomberg Grayscale Future of Finance index  with constituents including Robinhood Markets Inc  Block Inc and Coinbase Global Inc.Grayscale is currently lobbying US regulators for permission to convert its $19 billion Bitcoin Trust (ticker GBTC) into an ETF that would directly track the price of Bitcoin. Spot Bitcoin ETFs have yet to be approved in the US.Read more: Wonky SEC Ruling Reignites Spot US Bitcoin ETF Approval DebateThe firm enters a competitive market in Europe  where spot crypto exchange-traded products from rivals including CoinShares International Ltd and 21Shares AG having been available on local bourses for several years.Michael Sonnenshein  chief executive of Grayscale  told Bloomberg in an interview that while the firm has “high conviction in investors wanting to have digital asset exposure”  it viewed the Future of Finance ETF as the “most liquid way” for traders to share in that value.“What we’re finding is that many people equate the ability to invest in an entirely new category of thematic investing as to what they might have experienced had they begun investing in cloud computing or other categories a decade ago ” Sonnenshein said. “Those would have been the proverbial nets that would have captured opportunity.”Read more: Grayscale to Expand Into Europe’s Competitive Crypto-Fund MarketThe performance of both Grayscale’s Bitcoin Trust and its Future of Finance ETF have suffered in recent months as the broader crypto market swung between periods of sideways trading and extreme volatility.GBTC shares hit a record discount to the price of Bitcoin on Tuesday following a meeting with the Securities and Exchange Commission about its ETF application  according to data compiled by Bloomberg  while the US-listed GFOF ETF recorded a three-month return of -42.6% as of May 13.Bloomberg revealed last month that Grayscale planned to run a series of pilot tests across the continent. Sonnenshein declined to comment on whether the firm might launch spot crypto products in Europe in future  saying that conversations with partners to date had focused on an equities launch.“It’s important to take a larger step back away from performance over the last couple weeks and months ” said Sonnenshein  adding that thematic investing is a relatively new area for the European crypto market.“What we’re seeing and hearing is about the growing popularity about ETFs in Europe  not only significant interest in thematic investing but also in crypto-related products as well as ESG. Many investors are beginning to gravitate toward the familiarity and protection that the ETF wrapper offers ” he said.Read more: Crypto ETPs Enjoy Growth Spurt Even as Digital Assets Plunge©2022 Bloomberg L.P.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.03,0.31,0.66,True,English,"['Crypto ETF', 'Grayscale', 'Europe', 'US Bitcoin ETF Approval Debate', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'Wonky SEC Ruling Reignites', 'CoinShares International Ltd', 'last couple weeks', 'digital asset companies', 'Robinhood Markets Inc', 'Coinbase Global Inc', 'digital asset exposure', '$443 billion Bloomberg Grayscale Future', 'London Stock Exchange', 'white-label ETF platform', '$19 billion Bitcoin Trust', 'Competitive Crypto-Fund Market', 'broader crypto market', '2022 Bloomberg L.P.', 'Finance UCITS ETF', 'biggest crypto fund', 'European crypto market', 'Grayscale Investment LLC', 'Spot Bitcoin ETFs', 'competitive market', 'Finance ETF', 'Block Inc', 'Digital Assets', 'European debut', 'Exchange Commission', 'ETF application', 'ETF wrapper', 'exchange-traded fund', 'fund manager', 'crypto products', 'Crypto ETPs', 'Finance index', 'US regulators', 'Borsa Italiana', '21Shares AG', 'local bourses', 'several years', 'chief executive', 'high conviction', 'liquid way', 'many people', 'new category', 'thematic investing', 'cloud computing', 'other categories', 'proverbial nets', 'sideways trading', 'extreme volatility', 'record discount', 'three-month return', 'pilot tests', 'equities launch', 'larger step', 'new area', 'growing popularity', 'significant interest', 'crypto-related products', 'Growth Spurt', 'investment performance', 'GFOF ETF', 'recent months', 'GBTC shares', 'Many investors', 'Michael Sonnenshein', 'operator', 'world', 'basket', 'price', 'ticker', 'Monday', 'collaboration', 'HANetf', 'February', 'constituents', 'permission', 'firm', 'rivals', 'interview', 'traders', 'value', 'ability', 'opportunity', 'periods', 'Tuesday', 'meeting', 'Securities', 'data', 'US-listed', 'May', 'series', 'continent', 'conversations', 'partners', 'date', 'ESG', 'familiarity', 'protection']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,bnnbloomberg.ca
4934,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-investment-giant-grayscale-debuts-etf-in-europe,Bitcoin investment giant Grayscale debuts ETF in Europe,Grayscale's first European ETF tracks the performance of the Bloomberg Grayscale Future of Finance Index  launched jointly with Bloomberg in January.,"Crypto investment giant Grayscale is expanding operations by launching a new crypto-linked exchange-traded fund (ETF) in Europe.Grayscale officially announced its first European ETF  called Grayscale Future of Finance UCITS ETF  on Monday. A spokesperson for Grayscale told Cointelegraph that the ETF will begin trading on Tuesday.The new investment product is getting listings on major European stock exchanges  including the London Stock Exchange  Borsa Italiana as well as Deutsche Börse’s electronic trading platform Xetra. Listed under the ticker symbol GFOF  the ETF will also be passported for sale across Europe.An exciting milestone: Announcing our first European ETF  Grayscale Future of Finance UCITS ETF — listing on London Stock Exchange (LSE)  Borsa Italiana  and Deutsche Börse Xetra.https://t.co/kwmWSxvOiV — Grayscale (@Grayscale) May 16  2022Launched in partnership with Bloomberg  GFOF UCITS ET tracks the performance of the Bloomberg Grayscale Future of Finance Index. Bloomberg and Grayscale jointly introduced the index in January 2022  aiming to track the digital economy  focusing on the three main directions of technology  finance and digital assets.According to the announcement  the new ETF includes companies directly involved in cryptocurrency mining  energy management and other activities in the digital asset ecosystem. According to the official information about the fund  the ETF tracks firms like the crypto-friendly trading app Robinhood  PayPal  Block  Coinbase  Canaan and others.Top 10 GFOF holdings. Source: Grayscale“Through GFOF UCITS ETF  European investors now have the opportunity to receive exposure to the companies that are pivotal to the evolution of the global financial system ” Grayscale’s global head of ETFs David LaValle said.Grayscale also collaborated with Europe’s white-label issuer HANetf to create the new investment product. The issuer is known for cooperating on blockchain ETFs with companies like ETC Group.A spokesperson for Grayscale told Cointelegraph that the new ETF launch is an important milestone both for the company's growth and the digital asset ecosystem  stating:""We believe that the most exciting thing about the digital economy is the fact that we’re still so early in its development [...] That’s the vision that drove the creation of GFOF  the opportunity to capture value from transformative companies that are  and will be  embracing or building the future of finance and our global digital economy.”Grayscale is one of the world’s largest Bitcoin (BTC) investment companies  providing the Grayscale Bitcoin BTC Trust (GBTC) with $18.3 billion in assets under management. Amid massive market volatility  GBTC recorded a significant decline  trading at a nearly 31% discount on Friday.The firm has been aggressively pushing its Bitcoin spot ETF  with CEO Michael Sonnenshein claiming that Grayscale was gearing up for a legal fight with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission if its ETF is denied. The firm reportedly tried to persuade the SEC that turning the biggest BTC fund into an ETF would unlock $8 billion for investors.Related: Why the world needs a spot Bitcoin ETF in the US: 21Shares CEO explainsThe news comes amid the increasing adoption of crypto and industry-related ETFs worldwide  with total assets invested in crypto ETFs hitting $16.3 billion in Q1 2022.21Shares  a major crypto ETF issuer in Europe  recently expanded its investment offering with a layer-1 (L1) and decentralized finance (DeFi) infrastructure exchange-traded products (ETPs).Listed on SIX Swiss Exchange on Thursday  the 21Shares Crypto Layer 1 ETP (LAY1) offers investors exposure to the five largest blockchains in the DeFi industry. The 21Shares DeFi 10 Infrastructure ETP (DEFI) will list on the same exchange on Wednesday.",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,negative,0.01,0.03,0.96,True,English,"['Bitcoin investment giant', 'Grayscale', 'ETF', 'Europe', 'The 21Shares DeFi 10 Infrastructure ETP', 'largest Bitcoin (BTC) investment companies', 'DeFi) infrastructure exchange-traded products', 'major European stock exchanges', '21Shares Crypto Layer 1 ETP', 'new crypto-linked exchange-traded fund', 'Grayscale Bitcoin BTC Trust', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'major crypto ETF issuer', 'five largest blockchains', 'biggest BTC fund', 'new investment product', 'Crypto investment giant', 'electronic trading platform', 'three main directions', 'crypto-friendly trading app', 'massive market volatility', 'United States Securities', 'Bitcoin spot ETF', 'spot Bitcoin ETF', 'London Stock Exchange', 'global financial system', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'digital asset ecosystem', 'CEO Michael Sonnenshein', 'first European ETF', 'Top 10 GFOF holdings', 'new ETF launch', 'GFOF UCITS ET', 'global digital economy', 'Finance UCITS ETF', '21Shares CEO', 'investment offering', 'Bloomberg Grayscale Future', 'DeFi industry', 'European investors', 'global head', 'Exchange Commission', 'same exchange', 'crypto ETFs', 'white-label issuer', 'digital assets', 'Borsa Italiana', 'ticker symbol', 'exciting milestone', 'cryptocurrency mining', 'other activities', 'official information', 'David LaValle', 'ETC Group', 'important milestone', 'exciting thing', 'transformative companies', 'significant decline', 'legal fight', 'increasing adoption', 'blockchain ETFs', 'industry-related ETFs', 'total assets', 'decentralized finance', 'energy management', 'Finance Index', 'investors exposure', 'operations', 'Monday', 'spokesperson', 'Cointelegraph', 'Tuesday', 'listings', 'sale', 'LSE', 'kwmWSxvOiV', 'partnership', 'performance', 'January', 'technology', 'announcement', 'firms', 'Robinhood', 'PayPal', 'Coinbase', 'Canaan', 'others', 'Source', 'opportunity', 'evolution', 'HANetf', 'company', 'growth', 'fact', 'development', 'vision', 'creation', 'value', 'world', 'GBTC', '31% discount', 'Friday', 'news', 'Q1', 'ETPs', 'Thursday', 'Wednesday']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,cointelegraph.com
4935,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/grayscale-investments-launches-first-european-070000802.html,Grayscale Investments® Launches First European ETF: Grayscale Future of Finance UCITS ETF,Grayscale Future of Finance UCITS ETF (ticker: GFOF) listed on select exchanges across Europe. Grayscale’s first European ETF accelerates its global strategic expansion. NEW YOR,"Grayscale InvestmentsGrayscale Future of Finance UCITS ETF (ticker: GFOF) listed on select exchanges across EuropeGrayscale’s first European ETF accelerates its global strategic expansionNEW YORK  May 16  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Grayscale Investments®   the world’s largest digital currency asset manager  today announced its first European ETF  Grayscale Future of Finance UCITS ETF (ticker: GFOF)  will list on the London Stock Exchange (LSE)  Borsa Italiana  and Deutsche Börse Xetra. GFOF UCITS ETF will also be passported for sale across Europe.GFOF UCITS ETF tracks the investment performance of the Bloomberg Grayscale Future of Finance Index and seeks to offer investors exposure to companies at the intersection of finance  technology  and digital assets – companies that are building the digital economy – all through the familiar ETF wrapper. In February 2022  Grayscale listed an ETF in the United States that tracks the investment performance of the Bloomberg Grayscale Future of Finance Index.The Bloomberg Grayscale Future of Finance Index comprises companies representing three “Future of Finance” pillars:Financial Foundations – asset managers  exchanges  brokerages  and wealth managers involved in the enablement of the digital economyTechnology Solutions – organizations providing the technology to facilitate the digital economy through data and processingDigital Asset Infrastructure – includes companies directly involved in mining  energy management  and activities that power the digital asset ecosystem“We announced our first ETF earlier this year in partnership with Bloomberg as part of the expansion of our business. With growing global demand from both institutional and individual investors for Grayscale products  we’re thrilled to be expanding our offering in Europe through the UCITS wrapper ” said Grayscale Investments CEO Michael Sonnenshein. “This product draws upon our historical strengths  while furthering our evolution as an asset manager that helps investors build portfolios that can stand the test of time. GFOF UCITS ETF is the natural next step in our global strategic journey.”Story continues“At Grayscale  we have long believed that the digital economy will be a major driver for the development and growth of the global economy. Through GFOF UCITS ETF  European investors now have the opportunity to receive exposure to the companies that are pivotal to the evolution of the global financial system ” said David LaValle  Global Head of ETFs at Grayscale Investments. “We are incredibly proud to reach this international milestone as Grayscale remains at the forefront of digital currency investing.”“In the past few years  we have seen an explosion of digital innovations and solutions disrupting the global financial sector  making it more accessible  transparent and inclusive ” said Hector McNeil  co-CEO and co-Founder of HANetf. “We are excited to work with a trusted partner like Grayscale to bring an ETF to the European market providing exposure to the digital economy.”Product Information for Grayscale Future of Finance UCITS ETFExchange Currency Ticker ISIN LSE USD GFOF IE000TVPSRI1 LSE GBP GFOP IE000TVPSRI1 Xetra EUR GF0F IE000TVPSRI1 Borsa Italiana EUR GFOF IE000TVPSRI1GFOF UCITS ETF was created in collaboration with HANetf  Europe’s first full services ‘white label’ UCITS ETF issuer.Important Disclosures:Communications issued in the UK (ETFs and ETCs)The content in this document is issued by HANetf Limited (“HANetf”) and approved by Privium Fund Management (UK) Limited (“Privium”). HANetf are an appointed representative of Privium  which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.). HANetf is registered in England and Wales with registration number 10697042.Communications issued in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) relating to ETFsThe content in this document is issued by HANetf Management Limited (“HML”) acting in its capacity as management company of HANetf ICAV. HML is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland. HML is registered in Ireland with registration number 621172.Communications issued in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) relating to ETCsThis communication has been prepared for professional investors  but the ETCs and ETFs set out in this communication (“Products”) may be available in some jurisdictions to any investors. Please check with your broker or intermediary that the relevant Product is available in your jurisdiction and suitable for your investment profile. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The price of the Products may vary  and they do not offer a fixed income. This document may contain forward looking statements including statements regarding our belief or current expectations with regards to the performance of certain assets classes. Forward looking statements are subject to certain risks  uncertainties  and assumptions. There can be no assurance that such statements will be accurate and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Therefore  readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The content of this document is for information purposes and for your internal use only  and does not constitute an investment advice  recommendation  investment research or an offer for sale nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any Product or make any investment. An investment in an exchange traded product is dependent on the performance of the underlying asset class  less costs  but it is not expected to track that performance exactly. The Products involve numerous risks including among others  general market risks relating to underlying adverse price movements in an Index (for ETFs) or underlying asset class and currency  liquidity  operational  legal  and regulatory risks. In addition  in relation to Cryptocurrency ETCs  these are highly volatile digital assets and performance is unpredictable. The information contained on this document is not  and under no circumstances is to be construed as  an advertisement or any other step in furtherance of a public offering of securities in the United States or any province or territory thereof  where none of the Issuers (as defined below) or their Products are authorised or registered for distribution and where no prospectus of any of the Issuers has been filed with any securities commission or regulatory authority. No document or information on this document should be taken  transmitted  or distributed (directly or indirectly) into the United States. None of the Issuers  nor any securities issued by it  have been or will be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the Investment Company Act of 1940 or qualified under any applicable state securities statutes.The Issuers:1. HANetf ICAV  an open-ended Irish collective asset management vehicle issuing under the terms in the Prospectus and relevant Supplement for the ETF approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (“CBI”) (“ETF Prospectus”) is the issuer of the ETFs. Investors should read the current version of the ETF Prospectus before investing and should refer to the section of the ETF Prospectus entitled ‘Risk Factors’ for further details of risks associated with an investment in the ETFs. Any decision to invest should be based on the information contained in the ETF Prospectus.2. HANetf ETC Securities plc  a public limited company incorporated in Ireland  issuing under the terms in the Base Prospectus approved by the Central Bank of Ireland and the final terms of the relevant series (“ETC Securities Documentation”) is the issuer of the precious metals ETCs. Investors should read the latest version of the ETC Securities Documentation before investing and should refer to the section of the Base Prospectus entitled ‘Risk Factors’ for further details of risks associated with an investment in the ETCs. Any decision to invest should be based on the information contained in the ETC Securities Documentation.3. ETC Issuance GmbH  a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany  issuing under the terms in the Prospectus approved by the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (""BaFin"") and the final terms (“Cryptocurrency Prospectus”) is the issuer of the ETCM ETCs. Investors should read the latest version of the Cryptocurrency Prospectus before investing and should refer to the section of the Cryptocurrency Prospectus entitled ‘Risk Factors’ for further details of risks associated with an investment in the ETCs contained in the Cryptocurrency Prospectus. Any decision to invest should be based on the information contained in the Cryptocurrency Prospectus.The ETF Prospectus  ETC Securities Documentation  and Cryptocurrency Prospectus can all be downloaded from www.hanetf.com. The decision and amount to invest in any Product should take into consideration your specific circumstances after seeking independent investment  tax  and legal advice. We do not control and are not responsible for the content of third-party websites.We believe the information in this document is based on reliable sources  but its accuracy cannot be guaranteed. The views expressed are the views of HANetf at time of publication and may change. Neither Privium nor HANetf is liable for any losses relating to the accuracy  completeness or use of information in this communication  including any consequential loss.About Grayscale Investments®Grayscale enables investors to access the digital economy through a family of secure  regulated  and future-forward investment products. Founded in 2013  Grayscale has a proven track record and unrivaled expertise as the world’s largest digital currency asset manager. Investors  advisors  and allocators turn to Grayscale’s private placements  public quotations  and ETFs for single asset  diversified  and thematic exposure. Grayscale products are distributed by Genesis Global Trading  Inc. (Member FINRA/SIPC  MSRB Registered). For more information  please follow @Grayscale or visit grayscale.com .About HANetfHANetf is an independent provider of UCITS ETFs  working with asset management companies to bring differentiated  modern  and innovative exposures to European ETF investors. Via our white-label ETF platform  HANetf provides a complete operational  regulatory  distribution and marketing solution for asset managers to launch and manage UCITS ETFs. www.hanetf.comPress Contacts:Grayscale: Jennifer Rosenthal | press@grayscale.comHANetf UK: Phil Anderson  PerceptionA | phil@perceptiona.com  +44 (0)7767 491 519HANetf Italy: Elena Soffientini  Mymediarelation | soffientini@mymediarelation.it | +39 375 670 62 07HANetf Germany: Caroline Chojnowski  Public Imaging | Caroline.Chojnowski@publicimaging.de | +49 (0)40-401 999 - 23",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.48,0.19,0.33,True,English,"['First European ETF', 'Finance UCITS ETF', 'Grayscale Investments®', 'Grayscale Future', 'first full services ‘white label’ UCITS ETF issuer', 'GFOF IE000TVPSRI1 LSE GBP GFOP IE000TVPSRI1 Xetra', 'Exchange Currency Ticker ISIN LSE USD', 'largest digital currency asset manager', 'Grayscale Investments CEO Michael Sonnenshein', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'GF0F IE000TVPSRI1 Borsa Italiana', 'The Bloomberg Grayscale Future', 'London Stock Exchange', 'digital currency investing', 'first European ETF', 'digital economy Technology Solutions', 'GFOF UCITS ETF', 'natural next step', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'Digital Asset Infrastructure', 'digital asset ecosystem', 'growing global demand', 'global strategic journey', 'European Economic Area', 'Finance UCITS ETF', 'familiar ETF wrapper', 'global financial system', 'global financial sector', 'global strategic expansion', 'Privium Fund Management', 'first ETF', 'Forward looking statements', 'HANetf Management Limited', 'UCITS wrapper', 'global economy', 'asset managers', 'Grayscale Investments®', 'Financial Foundations', 'digital assets', 'digital innovations', 'Global Head', 'European market', 'energy management', 'management company', 'Finance Index', 'Finance” pillars', 'future performance', 'European investors', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'United States', 'wealth managers', 'historical strengths', 'major driver', 'David LaValle', 'international milestone', 'Hector McNeil', 'trusted partner', 'Important Disclosures', 'registration number', 'Central Bank', 'investment profile', 'reliable indicator', 'fixed income', 'current expectations', 'assets classes', 'actual results', 'investment performance', 'Product Information', 'relevant Product', 'select exchanges', 'individual investors', 'HANetf Limited', 'HANetf ICAV', 'professional investors', 'Grayscale products', 'Past performance', 'world', 'sale', 'exposure', 'companies', 'intersection', 'February', 'brokerages', 'enablement', 'organizations', 'data', 'processing', 'mining', 'activities', 'partnership', 'business', 'institutional', 'offering', 'evolution', 'portfolios', 'test', 'time', 'Story', 'development', 'growth', 'opportunity', 'ETFs', 'forefront', 'years', 'explosion', 'Founder', 'collaboration', 'Communications', 'UK', 'ETCs', 'content', 'document', 'representative', 'England', 'Wales', 'EEA', 'HML', 'capacity', 'Ireland', 'jurisdictions', 'intermediary', 'price', 'belief', 'regards', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'assurance']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,ca.sports.yahoo.com
4936,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.cnbc.com/2022/05/16/fund-manager-explains-how-to-make-money-in-a-volatile-stock-market.html,Want to beat the market volatility? A fund manager explains how,Global headwinds are roiling the market — and some stocks are set to benefit  according to Jordan Cvetanovski of Pella Funds Management.,"Jordan Cvetanovski of Pella Funds Management names the companies to own in uncertain times  some of which did well during the global financial crisis and Covid. Speaking to CNBC Pro Talks last week  he noted that global headwinds are roiling the stock market — and some sectors are set to benefit. Stock exchanges are one such category of companies  according to Cvetanovski  chief investment officer and portfolio manager at Pella. ""We own companies like CME   Deutsche Borse and a little company in the Netherlands called Flow Traders   who are market makers in ETFs and ETPs "" he said Wednesday. ""What happens in uncertain times is the volume increases  obviously  as people trade more  and the spread increases "" he said. Such firms make money off the difference in buying and selling prices  which is called the spread. ""Their best quarters  I would say  were Lehman and Covid "" said Cvetanovski  referring to the market collapses during the global financial crisis in 2008 and the coronavirus pandemic. Instead of buying put options to protect their assets  investors can consider buying companies that will give them a dividend and do well during volatile periods  he said. Flow Traders' stock price rose around 22% as global stock markets were plummeting in late February in 2020  he said. It gained around 75% from the start of the Covid crash to early July  he added. Supply chain issues Another uncertainty in the market is supply chain bottlenecks  including those caused by the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war  Cvetanovski said. Canadian fertilizer company Nutrien could perform well in such an environment because the potash and fertilizer market is likely to be tight for a long time  he said. ""Very good for a company like Nutrien now  which has very low marginal cost of around $60 and they're selling it at $800 "" he added. In times of uncertainty  it comes down to ""a bit of thinking and a bit of diversifying risk "" said Cvetanovski. ""Placing a few bets in places where you think  as best as you can  you're seeing some predictability of earnings."" He said he sold banks and property companies when mortgage defaults rose before the global financial crisis  and got out of the market when reports of China building field hospitals emerged at the start of the Covid pandemic. Not buying banks On the flip side  Pella Funds Management doesn't currently own any banking stocks  Cvetanovski said. ""We don't hold any banks anywhere  because generally you would be buying banks as interest rates go up. But generally  interest rates go up because the economy is so strong. We don't have that now "" he said. Interest rates are rising because of inflation and not because of good economic performance  he said. ""For [banks]  it's not a great proposition  so the banks are not on our radar at the moment "" he said  adding that he would be ""extremely cautious "" especially given the debt in the property market in some countries such as the Netherlands and Australia.Jordan Cvetanovski of Pella Funds Management names the companies to own in uncertain times  some of which did well during the global financial crisis and Covid.",neutral,0.09,0.72,0.19,mixed,0.2,0.15,0.65,True,English,"['market volatility', 'fund manager', ""Flow Traders' stock price"", 'CNBC Pro Talks', 'chief investment officer', 'Supply chain issues', 'supply chain bottlenecks', 'ongoing Russia-Ukraine war', 'low marginal cost', 'good economic performance', 'global financial crisis', 'global stock markets', 'Pella Funds Management', 'Canadian fertilizer company', 'global headwinds', 'Stock exchanges', 'fertilizer market', 'portfolio manager', 'Deutsche Borse', 'little company', 'volume increases', 'Such firms', 'best quarters', 'coronavirus pandemic', 'volatile periods', 'late February', 'early July', 'long time', 'diversifying risk', 'mortgage defaults', 'field hospitals', 'flip side', 'banking stocks', 'interest rates', 'great proposition', 'uncertain times', 'market makers', 'market collapses', 'property market', 'Covid crash', 'Covid pandemic', 'Jordan Cvetanovski', 'property companies', 'sectors', 'category', 'CME', 'Netherlands', 'ETFs', 'ETPs', 'people', 'spread', 'money', 'difference', 'prices', 'Lehman', 'options', 'assets', 'investors', 'dividend', 'start', 'uncertainty', 'Nutrien', 'environment', 'potash', 'bit', 'thinking', 'bets', 'places', 'predictability', 'earnings', 'banks', 'reports', 'China', 'economy', 'inflation', 'radar', 'moment', 'debt', 'countries', 'Australia']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,cnbc.com
4937,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@Elena_Allegra Also @TPGallery off Oxford Street have a good show on of the four Deutsche Boerse photography prize… https://t.co/wUGwqiQ8IQ,nan,@Elena_Allegra Also @TPGallery off Oxford Street have a good show on of the four Deutsche Boerse photography prize… https://t.co/wUGwqiQ8IQ,positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['four Deutsche Boerse photography prize', 'Oxford Street', 'good show', 'wUGwqiQ8IQ', 'four Deutsche Boerse photography prize', 'Oxford Street', 'good show', 'wUGwqiQ8IQ']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,Unknown
4938,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The Grayscale Future of Finance UCITS ETF will be listed on the London Stock Exchange  the Deutsche Börse and Borsa… https://t.co/mowB2XOD3a,nan,The Grayscale Future of Finance UCITS ETF will be listed on the London Stock Exchange  the Deutsche Börse and Borsa… https://t.co/mowB2XOD3a,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['The Grayscale Future', 'Finance UCITS ETF', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Borsa', 'mowB2XOD3a', 'The Grayscale Future', 'Finance UCITS ETF', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Borsa', 'mowB2XOD3a']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,Unknown
4939,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Grayscale's crypto ETF will be listed on the London Stock Exchange  Germany’s Deutsche Börse Xetra  and Italy’s Bor… https://t.co/Da2lnrLnTU,nan,Grayscale's crypto ETF will be listed on the London Stock Exchange  Germany’s Deutsche Börse Xetra  and Italy’s Bor… https://t.co/Da2lnrLnTU,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'London Stock Exchange', 'crypto ETF', 'Grayscale', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Bor', 'Da2lnrLnTU', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'London Stock Exchange', 'crypto ETF', 'Grayscale', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Bor', 'Da2lnrLnTU']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,Unknown
4940,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/markets/us/funds-stage-sizable-soy-soymeal-selloff-ahead-usda-data-2022-05-16/,Column: Funds stage sizable soy  soymeal selloff ahead of USDA data - Reuters.com,Speculators have been easing massively bullish bets in Chicago-traded grain and oilseed futures in recent weeks  though they have been hesitant to add too many shorts due to unprecedented price levels and continuing uncertainties over global supplies.,Soybeans are seen in a field waiting to be harvested in Minooka  Illinois  September 24  2014. REUTERS/Jim Young/File PhotoNAPERVILLE  Ill.  May 15 (Reuters) - Speculators have been easing massively bullish bets in Chicago-traded grain and oilseed futures in recent weeks  though they have been hesitant to add too many shorts due to unprecedented price levels and continuing uncertainties over global supplies.That sentiment may have been confirmed late last week with the U.S. government’s first supply and demand outlooks for the upcoming year  which showed stocks remaining relatively narrow through mid-2023  especially for wheat.CBOT corn and soybean futures have softened so far this month  falling a little more than 2% in the week ended May 10. In that period  money managers cut their net long position in CBOT soybean futures and options to 130 661 contracts from 153 253 a week earlier.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterThat capped off their largest two-week soybean selling streak since June 2021 and their net long fell to the lowest levels since January  according to data from the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission. That move was led by the removal of gross longs.In CBOT corn futures and options  money managers reduced their net long by nearly 15 000 contracts through May 10 to 338 562  their least bullish since mid-February. Funds added gross corn shorts for a fifth consecutive week  though the adding was light.But corn and soy futures were up late last week. CBOT December corn futures set a contract high Friday of $7.58-1/2 per bushel  and November soybeans on the same day notched their highest settle of the month at $14.98-1/4.The U.S. Department of Agriculture on Thursday unexpectedly cut U.S. corn trend yield because of delayed planting. Although U.S. stock projections for the upcoming year came in at expectations  the supply threat to the U.S. balance sheet as well as a Ukraine corn crop 54% smaller than last year renewed jitters.USDA also said U.S. farmers would harvest a record soybean crop in 2022  but 2022-23 U.S. ending stocks are set to grow only 75 million bushels  emphasizing the low margin for error.Managed money net position in CBOT soybean futures and optionsOILSHARE LIFTAs of May 10  money managers’ view in the CBOT oilshare  measuring soyoil’s share of value in the soy products  was the most bullish since November at 36 062 futures and options contracts. They sold nearly 39 000 soybean meal contracts in the latest two-week stretch  the most for any two weeks since May 2021.The managed money soymeal net long as of May 10 was 52 314 contracts  the lowest since December. Most-active meal futures on Thursday hit $395 per short ton  the lowest since Jan. 26  but they ended up nearly 2% over the last three sessions.Money managers bought less than 3 000 soybean oil futures and options contracts through May 10 and their net long rose to 88 376. Most-active futures rose 3.4% between Wednesday and Friday  settling at 83.79 cents per pound Friday  its highest finish of the month.CBOT oilshare hit all-time highs late last week  reaching 52.7% on Thursday.Managed money net position in CBOT soybean meal futures and optionsWHEAT REVIVALWheat trade had stagnated in the few weeks following the March surge to record highs  but fresh concerns about global supplies have had futures on the rise this month  particularly after USDA’s forecast late last week.Traders have been uncomfortable with the slow pace of U.S. spring wheat planting  the poor condition of U.S. winter wheat  uncertainties in Ukraine  and unfavorable weather in India and France  among other things. USDA said on Thursday the U.S. hard red winter wheat crop would be the smallest since 1963  some 14% below what analysts thought.USDA’s 2022-23 world wheat supply outlook excluding China is near record lows relative to demand  down from the current year. read more Paris-traded Euronext wheat futures hit contract highs on Friday  and most-active Chicago wheat reached a two-month high of $11.98-1/2 per bushel.July Kansas City and Minneapolis wheat futures both set contract highs on Friday of $12.92 and $13.35-3/4 per bushel  respectively. So far in May  CBOT wheat had risen 11.5%  K.C. wheat 16%  Minneapolis 14% and Paris September wheat 10%.As of May 10  money managers remained very bullish in K.C. and Minneapolis wheat and modestly so in Chicago. They slightly raised their CBOT and K.C. net longs but barely shaved their Minneapolis one  and none have undergone huge changes in several weeks.However  trade estimates suggest commodity funds purchased 39 000 CBOT wheat futures contracts between Wednesday and Friday on 8% gains. Open interest in CBOT wheat remains the lowest for the date since 2009 and among the lowest for any date since.Karen Braun is a market analyst for Reuters. Views expressed above are her own.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterEditing by Matthew LewisOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.Opinions expressed are those of the author. They do not reflect the views of Reuters News  which  under the Trust Principles  is committed to integrity  independence  and freedom from bias.,neutral,0.03,0.51,0.46,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,True,English,"['sizable soy', 'soymeal selloff', 'USDA data', 'Column', 'Funds', 'Reuters', 'U.S. hard red winter wheat crop', 'U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission', 'largest two-week soybean selling streak', 'U.S. corn trend yield', '2022-23 U.S. ending stocks', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', '2022-23 world wheat supply outlook', 'U.S. spring wheat planting', 'U.S. winter wheat', 'The U.S. Department', 'U.S. stock projections', 'U.S. balance sheet', 'Paris-traded Euronext wheat futures', 'Managed money net position', 'CBOT soybean meal futures', 'U.S. government', 'U.S. farmers', 'K.C. net longs', 'CBOT December corn futures', '39,000 CBOT wheat futures contracts', 'record soybean crop', 'latest two-week stretch', 'Ukraine corn crop', '3,000 soybean oil futures', 'K.C. wheat', 'FREE unlimited access', 'net long position', 'CBOT soybean futures', '39,000 soybean meal contracts', 'CBOT corn futures', 'unprecedented price levels', 'money soymeal net', 'Reuters.com Register', 'gross corn shorts', 'fifth consecutive week', 'last three sessions', 'money managers’ view', 'Minneapolis wheat futures', 'gross longs', 'commodity funds', 'WHEAT REVIVAL', 'Wheat trade', 'September wheat', 'first supply', 'supply threat', 'oilseed futures', 'soy futures', 'Most-active futures', 'CBOT oilshare', 'many shorts', 'lowest levels', 'record lows', 'Jim Young', 'File Photo', 'bullish bets', 'Chicago-traded grain', 'global supplies', 'upcoming year', 'same day', 'highest settle', '75 million bushels', 'low margin', 'OILSHARE LIFT', 'soy products', 'short ton', 'highest finish', 'March surge', 'fresh concerns', 'slow pace', 'poor condition', 'unfavorable weather', 'other things', 'current year', 'two-month high', 'Kansas City', 'huge changes', 'trade estimates', 'Open interest', 'Karen Braun', 'market analyst', 'Matthew Lewis', 'recent weeks', 'two weeks', 'time highs', 'several weeks', 'continuing uncertainties', 'demand outlooks', 'contract highs', 'options contracts', 'November soybeans', '36,062 futures', '130,661 contracts', '15,000 contracts', '52,314 contracts', 'field', 'Minooka', 'Illinois', 'NAPERVILLE', 'Ill.', 'Speculators', 'sentiment', 'mid-20', 'May', 'period', 'June', 'January', 'data', 'move', 'removal', 'mid-February', 'adding', 'light', 'Agriculture', 'Thursday', 'expectations', 'jitters', 'USDA', 'error', 'soyoil', 'value', 'Jan.', 'less', 'Wednesday', 'Friday', '83.79 cents', 'pound', 'rise', 'Traders', 'India', 'France', 'analysts', 'China', 'July', 'none', '8% gains', 'date', 'Views', 'Editing', 'Standards', 'Opinions']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,reuters.com
4941,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/italian-exhibition-group-first-quarter-090000437.html,Italian Exhibition Group  first quarter 2022 exceeds expectations,IEG - Italian Exhibition Group  a company listed on Euronext Milan  closed the first three months of 2022 brilliantly. Just recently  in fact  IEG's Board of...,"January's pandemic peak did not stop the exhibition and congress GroupRIMINI  Italy  May 16  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- IEG - Italian Exhibition Group  a company listed on Euronext Milan  closed the first three months of 2022 brilliantly. Just recently  in fact  IEG's Board of Directors approved an interim management report at 31st March 2022 that exceeded expectations.Corrado Peraboni  CEO of IEGRevenues amounted to EUR 38 million  an increase of EUR 35.6 million compared to the first quarter of 2021 during which events had only taken place in digital format due to the pandemic.According to Corrado Peraboni  CEO of IEG: ""The participation recorded during the events of this first quarter and the results achieved  both in terms of volume and in maintaining the pricing applied  suggest that we can put the darkest period of this pandemic  which dealt a severe blow to trade shows all over the world  behind us. In March  we organised international trade fairs of primary importance for the Group  such as Vicenzaoro and Sigep  standard-bearers of Made in Italy in the world for jewellery and food respectively. The figures show that we were able to look beyond in order to achieve our objectives and further growth.""The Group's EBITDA  equal to EUR 7.0 million  is also on the rise: + EUR 14.2 million compared to the same quarter in 2021 when it recorded a loss of EUR 7.2 million.""The coming months "" Peraboni adds  ""will see the successive staging of every event in IEG's portfolio  including the biennial events  and this is yet another good sign."" Upcoming events include RiminiWellness  TTG Travel Experience and Ecomondo.The congress area also performed well: in the first quarter of 2022  12 congresses were held at the two venues of Rimini's Palacongressi and the Vicenza Convention Centre  generating joint revenues of 1.5 million euros and showing a recovery of 1.3 million euros compared to the same period in 2021.Story continuesItalian Exhibition Group S.p.A.  a joint stock company listed on Euronext Milan  a regulated market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  has  with its facilities in Rimini and Vicenza  achieved national leadership over the years in the organisation of trade shows and conferences. The development of activities abroad - also through joint-ventures with global or local organisers  in the United States  United Arab Emirates  China  Mexico  Brazil and India  for example – now sees the company positioned among the top European operators in the sector.Italian Exhibition Group Press Contacts  Press Office Manager:Marco Forcellinimarco.forcellini@iegexpo.itInternational Press Office Coordinator:Silvia Giorgisilvia.giorgi@iegexpo.itP. +39-0541-744814Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/723307/Italian_Exhibition_Group_Logo.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1817613/IEG_Corrado_Peraboni.jpgItalian Exhibition Group Logo (PRNewsfoto/Italian Exhibition Group)CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/italian-exhibition-group-first-quarter-2022-exceeds-expectations-301546929.htmlSOURCE Italian Exhibition Group",neutral,0.14,0.83,0.03,mixed,0.45,0.17,0.38,True,English,"['Italian Exhibition Group', 'first quarter', 'expectations', 'Italian Exhibition Group S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Italian Exhibition Group Press Contacts', 'SOURCE Italian Exhibition Group', 'International Press Office Coordinator', 'Italian Exhibition Group Logo', 'Press Office Manager', 'PRNewsfoto/Italian Exhibition Group', 'interim management report', 'TTG Travel Experience', 'top European operators', 'international trade fairs', 'United Arab Emirates', 'Vicenza Convention Centre', 'Silvia Giorgi silvia', 'first three months', 'joint stock company', 'congress Group', 'The Group', 'coming months', 'United States', 'trade shows', 'first quarter', 'Euronext Milan', 'digital format', 'darkest period', 'severe blow', 'primary importance', 'successive staging', 'good sign', 'congress area', 'two venues', 'joint revenues', '1.5 million euros', '1.3 million euros', 'same period', 'regulated market', 'national leadership', 'local organisers', 'original content', 'same quarter', 'Corrado Peraboni', '31st March', 'biennial events', 'Upcoming events', 'Marco Forcellini', 'pandemic peak', 'January', 'RIMINI', 'Italy', 'May', 'PRNewswire', 'IEG', 'fact', 'Board', 'Directors', 'expectations', 'CEO', 'increase', 'place', 'participation', 'results', 'terms', 'volume', 'pricing', 'world', 'Vicenzaoro', 'Sigep', 'standard-bearers', 'jewellery', 'food', 'figures', 'order', 'objectives', 'growth', 'EBITDA', 'rise', 'loss', 'portfolio', 'Ecomondo', '12 congresses', 'Palacongressi', 'recovery', 'Story', 'facilities', 'years', 'organisation', 'conferences', 'development', 'activities', 'joint-ventures', 'global', 'China', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'India', 'example', 'sector', 'Italian_Exhibition_Group_Logo', 'Photo', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'italian-exhibition-group']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,finance.yahoo.com
4942,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/upm-issues-third-green-bond-151500308.html,UPM issues its third green bond,(UPM  Helsinki  16 May 2022 at 18:15 EEST) – UPM has successfully issued a new EUR 500 million green bond under its EMTN (Euro Medium Term Note) programme...,UPM(UPM  Helsinki  16 May 2022 at 18:15 EEST) – UPM has successfully issued a new EUR 500 million green bond under its EMTN (Euro Medium Term Note) programme and its Green Finance Framework. The bond matures in May 2029 and pays a fixed coupon of 2.25%. UPM will apply for the bond to be listed on the Irish Stock Exchange plc  trading as Euronext Dublin.Citigroup  Commerzbank  Crédit Agricole CIB  Nordea and Swedbank acted as Joint Bookrunners for the transaction.The net proceeds from the bond will be used for financing and/or refinancing of Eligible Projects and Assets under UPM’s Green Finance Framework established in November 2020. The indicative allocation of the framework categories to be used are climate-positive products and solutions  sustainable forest management and pollution prevention and control  including waste management.“With the successful third issuance  UPM becomes one of the largest corporate green eurobond issuers in the Nordics with a total of EUR 1 750 million issued. We are once again delighted for the confidence and interest shown by the investors. This third green bond continues to support us in achieving our responsibility targets as defined in our Biofore strategy ” says UPM´s CFO Tapio Korpeinen.The base prospectus  supplement to the base prospectus and the Green Finance Framework are available on UPM’s website at www.upm.com/investors/upm-as-an-investment/debt/.For further information please contact:Kenneth Råman  SVP  Treasury and Risk Management  UPM  tel. +358 400 477 287UPM  Media RelationsMon-Fri 9:00-16:00 EESTtel. +358 40 588 3284media@upm.comDisclaimerThe information contained in this release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of offers to buy securities of UPM-Kymmene Corporation in any jurisdiction and the information contained herein may not be distributed or published in any jurisdiction or under any circumstances in which it is not authorized or is unlawful. In particular  this release does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of offers to buy or subscribe for  securities in the United States  Canada  Australia  Hong Kong  South Africa or Japan. Any securities referred to herein have not been  and will not be  registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered  exercised or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.Story continuesIn the United Kingdom  the information in this release may be distributed only to  and may be directed at  (a) persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (b) high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order  and other persons to whom it may be lawfully communicated  falling within Article 49(1) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this release or any of its contents.UPMWe deliver renewable and responsible solutions and innovate for a future beyond fossils across six business areas: UPM Fibres  UPM Energy  UPM Raflatac  UPM Specialty Papers  UPM Communication Papers and UPM Plywood. As the industry leader in responsibility  we are committed to the UN Business Ambition for 1.5°C and the science-based targets to mitigate climate change. We employ 17 000 people worldwide and our annual sales are approximately EUR 9.8 billion. Our shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. UPM Biofore – Beyond fossils. www.upm.comFollow UPM on Twitter | LinkedIn | Facebook | YouTube | Instagram | #UPM #biofore #beyondfossils,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,mixed,0.4,0.14,0.46,True,English,"['third green bond', 'UPM', 'Euro Medium Term Note) programme', 'largest corporate green eurobond issuers', 'new EUR 500 million green bond', 'Irish Stock Exchange plc', 'Crédit Agricole CIB', 'high net worth entities', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Green Finance Framework', 'successful third issuance', 'CFO Tapio Korpeinen', 'Kenneth Råman', 'six business areas', 'UN Business Ambition', 'third green bond', 'U.S. persons', 'sustainable forest management', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'UPM Specialty Papers', 'UPM Communication Papers', 'net proceeds', 'Markets Act', 'framework categories', 'waste management', 'Risk Management', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'Eligible Projects', 'indicative allocation', 'climate-positive products', 'pollution prevention', 'base prospectus', 'Media Relations', 'UPM-Kymmene Corporation', 'United States', 'Hong Kong', 'South Africa', 'applicable exemption', 'United Kingdom', 'professional experience', 'Financial Services', 'Financial Promotion', 'industry leader', 'science-based targets', 'climate change', 'annual sales', 'other persons', 'relevant persons', 'Biofore strategy', 'responsibility targets', 'registration requirements', 'responsible solutions', 'UPM Fibres', 'UPM Energy', 'UPM Raflatac', 'UPM Plywood', 'UPM Biofore', '16 May', '18:15 EEST', 'EMTN', 'coupon', 'Citigroup', 'Commerzbank', 'Nordea', 'Swedbank', 'transaction', 'financing', 'Assets', 'November', 'control', 'Nordics', 'total', 'confidence', 'interest', 'investors', 'supplement', 'website', 'investment', 'debt', 'information', 'SVP', 'Treasury', 'tel', 'Mon-Fri', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'jurisdiction', 'circumstances', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'Story', 'matters', 'Article', 'Order', 'contents', 'renewable', 'future', 'fossils', '1.5°C', '17,000 people', 'shares', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,finance.yahoo.com
4943,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/agfa-gevaert-share-buyback-program-154000380.html,Agfa-Gevaert: Share buyback program – regulated information,Mortsel  Belgium – May 16  2022 – 5:40 p.m. CET Within the framework of the share buyback program which was announced in the press release of March 10  2021 ...,Agfa-GevaertMortsel  Belgium – May 16  2022 – 5:40 p.m. CETWithin the framework of the share buyback program which was announced in the press release of March 10  2021  Agfa-Gevaert NV proceeded with the purchase of own shares on the market of Euronext Brussels.The authorization to acquire own shares was granted to the Board of Directors by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of May 12  2020.Agfa-Gevaert NV has requested a financial intermediary to repurchase Agfa-Gevaert shares for a maximum amount of 50 000 000 Euro on its behalf under the terms of an initial discretionary mandate agreement with validity until March 31  2022  effective as from April 1  2021.On March 8  2022  the Board of Directors decided that the 2021 Share Buyback will be extended through March 31  2023 (the ‘Extended Share Buyback Program 2021’).As a result of the decision of the Board of Directors on March 9  2021  the company  by notarial deed dated March 30  2022  cancelled a total of 2 299 218 treasury shares. This decision was taken in accordance with the authorization granted to the Board of Directors by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on May 12  2020. As a consequence  the new number of outstanding shares (denominator) is 158 207 488.On transaction date May 13  2022  the Agfa-Gevaert Group held 2 243 237 own shares  which represents 1.42% of the total number of shares of the Group.Detailed operations per day:Transaction date Number ofshares Averageprice (€) Minimumprice (€) Maximumprice (€) Totalprice (€) May 9  2022 88 400 3.7703 3.7450 3.8300 333 294.52 May 10  2022 85 000 3.7056 3.6500 3.7500 314 976.00 May 11  2022 71 723 3.5754 3.4900 3.6250 256 438.41 May 12  2022 84 750 3.5182 3.4650 3.5700 298 167.45 May 13  2022 85 200 3.5989 3.5400 3.6350 306 626.28 Total 415 073 3.6367 1 509 502.66Since the beginning of the share buyback program until May 13th  2022  based on the transaction date  the Agfa-Gevaert Group bought 11 786 939 own shares  representing 7.03% of the total outstanding shares on April 1  2021.Story continuesAbout AgfaThe Agfa-Gevaert Group is a leading company in imaging technology and IT solutions with over 150 years of experience. The Group holds four divisions: Radiology Solutions  HealthCare IT  Digital Print & Chemicals and Offset Solutions. They develop  manufacture and market analogue and digital systems for the healthcare sector  for specific industrial applications and for the printing industry. In 2021  the Group realized a turnover of 1 760 million Euro.Contact:Viviane DictusDirector Corporate CommunicationT +32 (0) 3 444 71 24E viviane.dictus@agfa.comJohan JacobsCorporate Press Relations ManagerT +32 (0)3/444 80 15E johan.jacobs@agfa.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.29,0.33,0.37,True,English,"['Share buyback program', 'regulated information', 'Agfa-Gevaert', 'initial discretionary mandate agreement', 'Corporate Press Relations Manager', 'Extended Share Buyback Program', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'specific industrial applications', 'Viviane Dictus Director', 'Transaction date Number', 'The Agfa-Gevaert Group', '2021 Share Buyback', 'total outstanding shares', 'press release', 'Corporate Communication', 'new number', 'total number', 'Agfa-Gevaert Mortsel', 'Agfa-Gevaert NV', 'Euronext Brussels', 'financial intermediary', 'maximum amount', 'notarial deed', 'Detailed operations', 'imaging technology', 'IT solutions', 'four divisions', 'Radiology Solutions', 'HealthCare IT', 'Digital Print', 'Offset Solutions', 'digital systems', 'healthcare sector', 'printing industry', 'Minimum price', 'Maximum price', 'Total price', 'Agfa-Gevaert shares', '2,299,218 treasury shares', 'leading company', '1,760 million Euro', 'May 13th', 'Johan Jacobs', '50,000,000 Euro', 'Belgium', 'CET', 'framework', 'March', 'purchase', 'market', 'authorization', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Shareholders', 'behalf', 'terms', 'validity', 'April', 'result', 'decision', 'accordance', 'consequence', 'denominator', 'day', 'beginning', 'Story', '150 years', 'experience', 'Chemicals', 'analogue', 'turnover', 'Contact', 'Attachment', '5:40', '43', '237', '11,786,939']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,finance.yahoo.com
4944,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/economy/wheat-prices-hit-record-high-after-india-export-ban-8517711.html,Wheat prices hit record high after India export ban - Moneycontrol,"<ol><li>Wheat prices hit record high after India export ban  Moneycontrol</li><li>'Blaming India won't...': China defends Modi Govt after G7 criticizes wheat export ban  Hindustan Times</li><li>""Blaming India Won't Solve..."": China Media Backs Delhi On Wh…","Representative Image | Wheat sacks are loaded onto a truck at the grain market in Punjab.Wheat prices surged to a new record high in European trading on Monday after India decided to ban exports of the commodity as a heatwave hit production.The price jumped to 435 euros ($453) per tonne as the Euronext market opened  up from the previous record of 422 euros reached on Friday.Global wheat prices have soared on supply fears since Russia's February invasion of agricultural powerhouse Ukraine  which previously accounted for 12 percent of global exports.The spike  exacerbated by fertiliser shortages and poor harvests  has fuelled inflation globally and raised fears of famine and social unrest in poorer countries.ALSO READ: Exclusive | Commerce Department pushed to keep wheat exports open but agri ministry wanted banIndia  the world's second-largest wheat producer  said on Saturday that it was banning exports after its hottest March on record  with traders needing express government approval to enter into new deals.New Delhi said the move was needed to protect the food security of its own 1.4 billion people in the face of lower production and sharply higher global prices.Some parts of India have seen prices in wheat and flour jump 20 to 40 percent in recent weeks  Commerce Secretary BVR Subrahmanyam said on Sunday.Because of the sharp rise in global prices  some farmers were selling to traders and not to the government.This got the government worried about its buffer stock of almost 20 million tonnes -- depleted by the pandemic -- needed for handouts to millions of poor families and to avert any possible famine.'Worsen the crisis':Export deals agreed before the directive issued on May 13 could still be honoured but future shipments needed government approval  it said.However  exports could also take place if New Delhi approved requests from other governments ""to meet their food security needs"".India  which possesses major buffer stocks  previously said it was ready to help fill some of the supply shortages caused by the Ukraine war.Only last week India said it would send delegations to Egypt  Turkey and elsewhere to discuss boosting wheat exports. It was unclear whether these visits will now go ahead.The export ban drew sharp criticism from the Group of Seven industrialised nations  which said that such measures ""would worsen the crisis"" of rising commodity prices.India recorded its warmest March on record -- blamed on climate change -- and in recent weeks has seen a scorching heatwave with temperatures upwards of 45 degrees Celsius (113 Fahrenheit).This hit farmers in wheat-producing northern India  prompting the government to predict output would fall at least five percent this year from 109 million tonnes in 2021.Download your money calendar for 2022-23 here and keep your dates with your moneybox  investments  taxes",neutral,0.05,0.77,0.18,negative,0.02,0.14,0.84,True,English,"['India export ban', 'Wheat prices', 'Moneycontrol', 'Commerce Secretary BVR Subrahmanyam', 'Seven industrialised nations', 'major buffer stocks', 'largest wheat producer', 'heatwave hit production', 'food security needs', 'higher global prices', 'rising commodity prices', 'express government approval', 'Global wheat prices', 'Commerce Department', 'lower production', 'scorching heatwave', 'Wheat sacks', 'Representative Image', 'grain market', 'European trading', 'Euronext market', 'February invasion', 'agricultural powerhouse', 'global exports', 'fertiliser shortages', 'poor harvests', 'social unrest', 'poorer countries', 'agri ministry', 'hottest March', 'new deals', 'New Delhi', '1.4 billion people', 'recent weeks', 'sharp rise', '20 million tonnes', 'poor families', 'Export deals', 'future shipments', 'other governments', 'supply shortages', 'sharp criticism', 'warmest March', 'climate change', 'temperatures upwards', '45 degrees Celsius', '109 million tonnes', 'money calendar', 'wheat exports', 'new record', 'previous record', 'supply fears', 'possible famine', 'Ukraine war', 'export ban', 'northern India', 'truck', 'Punjab', 'Monday', '435 euros', '422 euros', 'Friday', 'Russia', '12 percent', 'spike', 'inflation', 'world', 'Saturday', 'traders', 'move', 'face', 'parts', 'flour', 'Sunday', 'farmers', 'pandemic', 'handouts', 'millions', 'crisis', 'directive', 'May', 'place', 'requests', 'delegations', 'Egypt', 'Turkey', 'visits', 'Group', 'measures', 'Fahrenheit', 'wheat-producing', 'output', 'dates', 'moneybox', 'investments', 'taxes', '40']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,moneycontrol.com
4945,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.breitbart.com/europe/2022/05/16/global-food-crisis-india-export-ban-sees-european-wheat-prices-hit-record-high/,Global Food Crisis: India Export Ban Sees European Wheat Prices Hit Record High,The price of wheat in Europe has hit a new record high  with an export ban on the product in India prompting further shortage fears.,The price of wheat in Europe has hit a new record high  with an export ban on the product in India prompting further shortage fears.The price of wheat on the Euronext stock exchange hit a record high on Monday morning  with the most recent rise being put down to a ban on most wheat exports from India.While the Ukraine war has already seen the price of wheat surge to eye-watering heights  fallout from droughts in India have now forced authorities in the country to ban most exports of the crop.According to a report by Der Spiegel  the price for a ton of wheat hit €435 (~$454) on Monday morning  as supplies from Ukraine  India  and even parts of Europe which are also suffering from drought  dry up.This has prompted those within the EU to express concern regarding various nations  including India  implementing export bans on various in-demand products.“That’s something which is very much of concern ” CNBC reports EU trade chief Valdis Dombrovskis as saying regarding the increase in export bans  with the bloc now working with the United States to ensure food security.“We agreed with the United States to cooperate and coordinate our approaches in this area  because … as a response to Russia’s aggression against Ukraine and a corresponding increase in food prices and concerns about food security  countries are starting to take export restrictive measures ” he continued.“And we think that this is a tendency which can only actually aggravate the problem ” specifically giving a forthcoming ban on the export of palm oil from Indonesia as something which would only “make matters worse”.Global Food Crisis: Cut EU Red Tape to Bump Wheat Production – Agri Ministerhttps://t.co/1xsROCtKi4 — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) May 13  2022While the bloc attempts to get to grips with the fact that the supply of food to Europe is set to become even more unstable over the coming months  the European Commission has officially revised its official growth predictions downwards.According to POLITICO  the EU’s bigwigs now expect that the bloc’s overall growth will be limited to 2.7 per cent this year  while Eurozone inflation looks set to hit dizzying highs of 6.9 per cent this quarter.Despite this dire outlook however  the union’s economy tsar  Paolo Gentiloni  has insisted that the term “stagflation” shouldn’t be used to describe the current situation  and that the European economy was still indeed growing.“We have very high level of inflation  and we have one of the deepest downward [revisions] for growth in our seasonal forecast. But this is not until now bringing growth in negative territory ” the publication reports the commissioner as saying.“I’m not a strong supporter of the stagflation word because it was used in previous and very different circumstances  but indeed we have very high inflation and quite low growth ” he also emphasised.While these numbers are not all negative  this published prediction however reportedly doesn’t take into account the possibility of Russia deciding to cut off the continent from its supply of gas  something the country has already done to both Poland and Bulgaria.If such a measure did materialise however  POLITICO reports that the bloc would see inflation rise to around nine per cent  while countries heavily reliant on Moscow’s supply — such as Germany — would fall into recession.Follow Peter Caddle on Twitter: @Peter_Caddle,negative,0.03,0.37,0.6,negative,0.01,0.1,0.89,True,English,"['Global Food Crisis', 'India Export Ban', 'European Wheat Prices', 'Record', 'EU trade chief Valdis Dombrovskis', 'Euronext stock exchange', 'deepest downward [revisions', 'EU Red Tape', 'export restrictive measures', 'Global Food Crisis', 'official growth predictions', 'nine per cent', 'most wheat exports', 'most exports', '2.7 per cent', '6.9 per cent', 'new record', 'shortage fears', 'record high', 'Monday morning', 'recent rise', 'eye-watering heights', 'Der Spiegel', 'export bans', 'demand products', 'United States', 'food security', 'food prices', 'palm oil', 'Agri Ministerhttps', 'Breitbart London', 'coming months', 'European Commission', 'dizzying highs', 'dire outlook', 'economy tsar', 'Paolo Gentiloni', 'current situation', 'European economy', 'high level', 'seasonal forecast', 'negative territory', 'strong supporter', 'different circumstances', 'Peter Caddle', 'overall growth', 'low growth', 'wheat surge', 'forthcoming ban', 'Wheat Production', 'various nations', 'corresponding increase', 'Eurozone inflation', 'stagflation word', 'high inflation', 'Ukraine war', 'India', 'fallout', 'droughts', 'authorities', 'country', 'crop', 'report', 'ton', 'supplies', 'parts', 'concern', 'something', 'CNBC', 'bloc', 'approaches', 'area', 'response', 'Russia', 'aggression', 'countries', 'tendency', 'problem', 'Indonesia', 'matters', 'Bump', 'xsROCtKi4', 'BreitbartLondon', 'grips', 'fact', 'supply', 'POLITICO', 'bigwigs', 'union', 'term', 'publication', 'commissioner', 'previous', 'numbers', 'account', 'possibility', 'continent', 'gas', 'Poland', 'Bulgaria', 'Moscow', 'Germany', 'recession', 'Twitter', 'Peter_Caddle']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,breitbart.com
4946,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nicox-announces-governance-structure-053000493.html,Nicox Announces a New Governance Structure,Press ReleaseNicox Announces a New Governance Structure New governance structure with a separation of the functions of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman...,New governance structure with a separation of the functions of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board Andreas Segerros to be appointed as Chief Executive Officer of Nicox as of June 1 st   2022Jean-Francois Labbé  current Board member of Nicox   to become the future Chairman of the Board Co-Founder Michele Garufi will remain as a Board member of NicoxMay 16  2022 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  COX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced that its Board of Directors appointed Andreas Segerros as Chief Executive Officer of Nicox S.A on May 13th  2022  effective from June 1st  2022  following the Board’s decision to end the mandate of Michele Garufi  who has been Chairman  Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder of the Company since its creation in 1996. Michele Garufi will remain as Board member of Nicox SA.The Board has also decided to separate the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. Current Board member and Chairman of the Audit Committee  Jean-Francois Labbé has been proposed by the Board to become the future Chairman of the Board. This nomination is subject to the approval of an amendment to the Company’s by-laws to increase the age limit for the Chairman of the Board  which will be the subject of a resolution to be voted at the Company’s next Extraordinary General Meeting. During the interim period  the Board of Directors has nominated Michele Garufi as interim Chairman of the Board  effective from June 1st  2022.Michele Garufi  Chairman of the Board of Nicox SA said “Having led Nicox from its foundation to becoming one of the most promising European Ophthalmic R&D Companies  I am pleased that the Board has decided to hand over the leadership of the company to Andreas Segerros. I am very confident that Andreas and the team will continue to successfully develop Nicox as a major player in the ophthalmic field through the last phase of development of NCX 470. I will be honored to support Andreas as a Board member and I wish him all the best in his new endeavor. At the same time  I would like to heartily thank all of my collaborators  the Board members and all of our business partners during the years of my Presidency who have largely contributed in making Nicox a leader in its therapeutic field.”“Working to bring novel and innovative ophthalmic treatments to market has been an important part of my professional life  and renewing that commitment with Nicox is indeed an honor ” said Andreas Segerros  Chief Executive Officer of Nicox SA. “With its rich pipeline  near term development of NCX470  and the hard work and vision of a talented and passionate team  we can look forward to delivering products to treat some of the world’s most prevalent and serious ophthalmic disorders  with the potential to make a meaningful difference in the lives of patients.”Andreas SegerrosAndreas Segerros has spent most of his career in global pharma  with executive positions (R&D  Marketing and Business Development) in the U.S.  Europe and Japan  at Pharmacia  Pharmacia & Upjohn and Ferring  with the focus on specialty Pharma  ophthalmology in particular. As Global Head of Ophthalmology at Pharmacia  Andreas launched XALATAN® (latanoprost)  making it the industry’s first billion-dollar ophthalmic drug. His venture capital experience comes from being Partner at the Scandinavian group Sunstone Capital  and also co-founded Eir Ventures. Andreas has made numerous investments in successful companies in Europe and the U.S. Andreas holds an MSc in Organic Chemistry from The Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm  Sweden  and an MBA in International Financing from The University of Uppsala  Sweden.Jean-Francois LabbéJean-François Labbé has served as a member of Nicox’ Board of Directors since 2010 and has been the Chairman of the Audit Committee of Nicox since 2013. M. Labbé is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of SpePharm Holding BV  a pan-European specialty pharma company. Prior to founding SpePharm  M. Labbé served as Chief Executive Officer of OTL Pharma SA from 2001 to 2004 and as Chief Operating Officer of ProStrakan UK from 2004 to 2005. He began his career at Roussel Uclaf in 1974  then Hoechst Roussel and HMR  where he served in various positions in Europe  the United States and was a member of the HMR’s Executive Committee before its merger with Aventis in 1999. M. Labbé received an MBA from the Ecole des Hautes Études Commerciales (HEC)  Paris  France.,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,positive,0.79,0.19,0.02,True,English,"['New Governance Structure', 'Nicox', 'promising European Ophthalmic R&D Companies', 'next Extraordinary General Meeting', 'first billion-dollar ophthalmic drug', 'pan-European specialty pharma company', 'innovative ophthalmic treatments', 'serious ophthalmic disorders', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Hautes Études Commerciales', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'New governance structure', 'venture capital experience', 'The Royal Institute', 'Jean-François Labbé', 'near term development', 'SpePharm Holding BV', 'OTL Pharma SA', 'Nicox S.A', 'U.S. Andreas', 'current Board member', 'international ophthalmology company', 'successful companies', 'ophthalmic field', 'Board Andreas Segerros', 'executive positions', 'Executive Committee', 'global pharma', 'new endeavor', 'Sunstone Capital', 'International Financing', 'The University', 'Jean-Francois Labbé', 'M. Labbé', 'June 1 st', 'Michele Garufi', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'June 1st', 'Audit Committee', 'age limit', 'interim period', 'major player', 'last phase', 'same time', 'business partners', 'therapeutic field', 'important part', 'professional life', 'rich pipeline', 'hard work', 'meaningful difference', 'Business Development', 'Global Head', 'Scandinavian group', 'Eir Ventures', 'numerous investments', 'Organic Chemistry', 'ProStrakan UK', 'Roussel Uclaf', 'Hoechst Roussel', 'various positions', 'United States', 'Ecole des', 'Nicox SA', 'Board Co', 'Board members', 'Euronext Paris', 'May 13th', 'passionate team', 'future Chairman', 'interim Chairman', 'Nicox’ Board', 'separation', 'functions', 'Founder', 'release', 'CET', 'France', 'Directors', 'decision', 'mandate', 'creation', 'roles', 'nomination', 'approval', 'amendment', 'laws', 'subject', 'resolution', 'foundation', 'leadership', 'NCX 470', 'collaborators', 'years', 'Presidency', 'novel', 'market', 'commitment', 'honor', 'NCX470', 'vision', 'talented', 'products', 'world', 'prevalent', 'potential', 'lives', 'patients', 'career', 'Japan', 'Pharmacia', 'Upjohn', 'Ferring', 'focus', 'XALATAN®', 'latanoprost', 'industry', 'MSc', 'Technology', 'Stockholm', 'Sweden', 'MBA', 'Uppsala', 'HMR', 'merger', 'Aventis', 'HEC', '7:30']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,finance.yahoo.com
4947,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/inventiva-secures-50-million-credit-060000710.html,Inventiva secures a €50 million credit facility from the European Investment Bank,This credit facility is intended to support the progress and expansion of Inventiva’s pipelineThe credit facility consists of two tranches of €25 million...,"INVENTIVAThis credit facility is intended to support the progress and expansion of Inventiva’s pipelineThe credit facility consists of two tranches of €25 million eachCredit agreement is part of the European Investment Bank’s strategy to support biotech companies developing a high-level of expertise in various therapeutic areas with significant unmet medical needsDaix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  May 16  2022 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today announced the signing of a €50 million bullet credit facility agreement with the European Investment Bank (“EIB”). The Company plans to use the facility toward its preclinical and clinical pipeline  including to help fund a portion of its Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in patients with NASH.The facility is divided into two tranches of €25 million each. The disbursement of the first tranche (“Tranche A”) is subject to the completion of certain conditions precedent specified in the credit facility agreement. The second tranche (“Tranche B”) is subject to the full drawdown of Tranche A in addition to the achievement of certain conditions precedents. The maturity date of any borrowings under the facility is four years after disbursement of Tranche A and three years after disbursement of Tranche B. It is therefore expected that the reimbursement of the interests and capital of this credit facility will happen after the publication of the headline results of the part 1 of the Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in patients with NASH  which are expected in the second half of 2024.Jean Volatier  Chief Financial Officer of Inventiva  stated: “We are very pleased with this credit facility  one of the largest granted by the EIB to a biotech. We expect to use any borrowings under the facility to support further development of our pipeline  especially the clinical development of lanifibranor to seek accelerated approval in the US and conditional approval in the EU.”Story continues“EIB is proud to finance a European biotech company that is at the forefront of innovation in its field and embodies Europe's dynamism in the development of new treatments  said Ambroise Fayolle  Vice-President of the European Investment Bank. The expertise developed by Inventiva is all the more necessary as it aims to develop breakthrough treatments for patients suffering from NASH and other diseases with unmet medical needs today.""In addition to capitalized interest of 8% for Tranche A and 7% for Tranche B  Inventiva will issue warrants to the benefit of the EIB in varied amounts according to the relevant tranche  the amount of equity raised or the amount of cash received in the context of a partnership or other transaction and the average price per share paid by investors in the context of the equity raise1 .The strike price of each warrant will be equal to 95% of the volume weighted average of the trading price of Inventiva’s ordinary shares over a number of trading days preceding the day the issue price is set. The warrants will have a term of 12 years and become exercisable upon the maturity of Tranche A or upon the occurrence of certain events (e.g.  change of control  event of default repayment demand)  thus avoiding dilution for existing shareholders in the near term.At the maturity of Tranche A or upon the occurrence of certain events  the EIB will be granted an option to sell its warrants to Inventiva for an amount equal to the difference between the fair market value and the exercise price of the warrants2  as an alternative to the exercise of the warrants.About the European Investment Bank (EIB)The EIB is the European Union (EU) long-term financing institution  and its shareholders are the 27 EU Member States. Its mission is to contribute to the integration  balanced development  and economic and social cohesion of EU Member States. It borrows large volumes of funds from the capital markets and lends them with very favourable terms to support projects which contribute to the achievement of EU objectives. The EIB is working to put the EU at the forefront of the next wave of innovation  especially in the health sector. In response to the Covid-19 health crisis  the EIB has released €6 billion for investments in the health sector to support medical infrastructure  additional research activities or other financing related to vaccines and treatments. As a European bank supporting the climate  the EIB is one of the main fund providers in the green transition towards a more low-carbon and sustainable growth model.About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.The Company has established a strategic collaboration with AbbVie in the area of autoimmune diseases that resulted in the discovery of the drug candidate cedirogant (ABBV-157)  an oral RORg inverse agonist which is being evaluated in a Phase IIb clinical trial  led by AbbVie  in adult patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis. Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult mucopolysaccharidoses (MPS) VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signalling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 80 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly‑owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment C of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA - ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.com .ContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupLaurence Frost /Tristan Roquet Montegon /Aude LepreuxMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513 1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  clinical trial data releases  including for part 1 of the Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in patients with NASH  pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  reaching anticipated milestones and conditions precedent for Tranche A and/or Tranche B  potential future financings and strategic transactions  milestone payments  royalties and product sales  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects of Inventiva and the sufficiency of Inventiva’s cash resources and cash runway. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Future events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached or that conditions precedent to receive funds under the credit facility will be met on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the current COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  which could delay the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines or at all. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 11  2022 and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11  2022 for additional information in relation to such factors  risks and uncertainties.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above.1 Or in the absence of share issuance for the first tranche  the average price per share over the last 90 trading days preceding the subscription of the warrants.2 Subject to a cap equal to the aggregate amount disbursed under the credit facility agreement.Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,positive,0.72,0.24,0.03,True,English,"['€50 million credit facility', 'European Investment Bank', 'Inventiva', '€50 million bullet credit facility agreement', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'EU) long-term financing institution', 'various therapeutic areas', 'Long Island City', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'default repayment demand', 'fair market value', 'main fund providers', 'sustainable growth model', 'European Investment Bank', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Covid-19 health crisis', '27 EU Member States', 'additional research activities', 'integration, balanced development', 'European biotech company', 'Credit agreement', 'European bank', 'medical infrastructure', 'other financing', 'European Union', 'United States', 'clinical development', 'The Company', 'EU objectives', 'health sector', 'clinical pipeline', 'two tranches', 'biotech companies', 'New York', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'other diseases', 'first tranche', 'Tranche A', 'conditions precedent', 'second tranche', 'Tranche B', 'full drawdown', 'headline results', 'second half', 'Jean Volatier', 'accelerated approval', 'conditional approval', 'Ambroise Fayolle', 'capitalized interest', 'varied amounts', 'relevant tranche', 'other transaction', 'average price', 'strike price', 'volume weighted', 'trading price', 'ordinary shares', 'trading days', 'issue price', 'social cohesion', 'large volumes', 'favourable terms', 'next wave', 'green transition', 'strong expe', 'new treatments', 'breakthrough treatments', 'equity raise1', 'existing shareholders', 'near term', 'exercise price', 'capital markets', 'maturity date', 'The EIB', 'INVENTIVA', 'progress', 'expansion', 'part', 'strategy', 'high-level', 'expertise', 'Daix', 'France', 'Nasdaq', 'patients', 'NASH', 'signing', 'preclinical', 'portion', 'lanifibranor', 'disbursement', 'completion', 'achievement', 'borrowings', 'reimbursement', 'interests', 'publication', 'Story', 'forefront', 'innovation', 'field', 'dynamism', 'Vice-President', 'warrants', 'benefit', 'cash', 'context', 'investors', 'number', '12 years', 'occurrence', 'events', 'change', 'control', 'dilution', 'option', 'difference', 'alternative', 'mission', 'economic', 'funds', 'projects', 'response', 'investments', 'vaccines', 'climate', 'low-carbon']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,finance.yahoo.com
4948,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cegedim-signs-investment-agreement-enters-063000902.html,Cegedim signs investment agreement and enters first-of-its-kind strategic industrial partnership with Malakoff Humanis group  Groupe VYV  and PRO BTP Group,PRESS RELEASE Cegedim signs investment agreement and enters first-of-its-kind strategic industrial partnership with Malakoff Humanis group  Groupe VYV  and...,Cegedim SAPRESS RELEASECegedim signs investment agreement and enters first-of-its-kind strategic industrial partnership with Malakoff Humanis group  Groupe VYV  and PRO BTP GroupCegedim Santé to carry out a reserved capital increase of €65 millionCegedim Santé to acquire 24/7 telemedicine pioneer MesDocteursDeal to play major role in French government’s Ma Santé 2022 programBoulogne-Billancourt  France  May 16  2022  before the market opensCegedim Group and social protection groups Malakoff Humanis  Groupe VYV  and PRO BTP Group announce that they have finalized the strategic partnership they began negotiating on March 1 (see the press release here).This strategic partnership between groups working hard to make healthcare services more efficient squares well with the goals of the French government’s Ma Santé 2022 strategy. The partnership will draw on the four companies’ recognized experience and shared goals of giving patients better access to care and a seamless course of care.The partnership is now taking shape with a first-of-its-kind industrial cooperation between Cegedim and three social protection groups representing 25 million beneficiaries in France.To this end  Malakoff Humanis  Groupe VYV  and PRO BTP Group will subscribe a reserved capital increase of €65 million in exchange for 18% of the share capital of Cegedim Santé. The deal values 100% of Cegedim Santé at €360.9 million. At the same time  Cegedim Santé will acquire MesDocteurs  a Groupe VYV subsidiary that has been a telehealth solution pioneer and one of the originators of 24/7 telemedicine.This deal will give a tremendous boost to Cegedim Santé’s growth and its efforts to develop solutions for healthcare professionals and their patients  by incorporating innovative new products and services that enhance the day-to-day practice of medicine. It will also—with the participation of the three social protection groups—help spur the healthcare sector digital transformation already initiated by the government.Story continuesThese ambitions are underpinned notably by Cegedim’s sovereign cloud  an asset that international healthcare organizations recognize as the most relevant solution on the market today.Cegedim Santé was created by the merger of Cegedim Logiciel Médicaux  RM Ingénierie  Médimust  and Maiia (Docavenue). It also owns 100% of Kobus Tech and RESIP. As such  it is present along the entire value chain  particularly thanks to its Maiia software suite (appointment scheduling and telemedicine) for healthcare professionals in private practice and its Claude Bernard medication database. Cegedim Santé accounted for 12% of Cegedim Group’s revenues in 2021.Investment bank Ohana & Co. and the law firm Goodwin et Mazars Transaction Services (VDD Financière) advised Cegedim Group on the deal.Malakoff Humanis  Groupe VYV  and PRO BTP Group were advised by Rothschild & Co  PwC Corporate Finance  PwC Transactions Services  and the law firm Darrois Villey Maillot Brochier.About Cegedim:Founded in 1969  Cegedim is an innovative technology and services company in the field of digital data flow management for healthcare ecosystems and B2B  and a business software publisher for healthcare and insurance professionals. Cegedim employs more than 5 600 people in more than 10 countries and generated revenue of €525 million in 2021.Cegedim SA is listed in Paris (EURONEXT: CGM).To learn more  please visit: www.cegedim.frAnd follow Cegedim on Twitter @CegedimGroup  LinkedIn and Facebook.About Cegedim Santé:A subsidiary of Cegedim dedicated to serving healthcare professionals and patients in France  Cegedim Santé handles all of Cegedim Group’s interoperable healthcare solutions  which have earned the trust of 100 000 healthcare professionals. Cegedim Santé’s 1 300 dedicated employees are present nationwide in France. The company strives to help professionals focus on caring for their patients  improve access to care  and make the course of care as smooth as possible. Cegedim Santé houses three of the Group’s longstanding subsidiaries: CLM  RM Ingénierie  and Maiia. By pooling their technologies  products & services  and know-how  they are able to devise software and service solutions that cover 100% of the needs of every healthcare professional and patient in France.www.cegedim-sante.com / @CegedimSantéGroupe VYV  an enterprise for better living:Groupe VYV is France’s leading health and social protection mutual group. The group’s three divisions—Insurance  Care & Assistance  and Housing—develop comprehensive and personalized offerings to protect and care for all individuals throughout their lives. Groupe VYV works every day to be useful to each and every member of society: it has 11 million beneficiaries and serves 69 000 client companies in health and personal protection insurance  more than 26 000 local and regional governments  and 11 ministries and government administrative bodies. In 2020  consolidated revenues came to €9.7 billion (excluding Housing division revenues). Insurance accounted for €7.7 billion  of which €5.6 billion from health insurance premiums and €1.4 billion from personal protection insurance premiums.http://www.groupe-vyv.fr/About Malakoff Humanis (figures at December 31  2021):A major provider of social protection services  Malakoff Humanis was formed by the January 2019 merger of Malakoff Médéric and Humanis. With nearly €8.2 billion in shareholders’ equity  more than 400 000 client companies  and 10 million beneficiaries (policyholders and their dependents)  Malakoff Humanis has a 15% share of the group insurance market.In its role managing the Agirc-Arrco supplemental pension scheme  the Group pays out €38.6 billion in benefits to more than 6 million beneficiaries and takes in contributions from 600 000 companies and 6.5 million contributors.Malakoff Humanis is a mutual  not-for-profit enterprise devoted to enhancing social welfare and spends €160 million annually to help vulnerable individuals in our society.www.malakoffhumanis.com@MalakoffHumanisAbout PRO BTP Group:PRO BTP is the leading professional group providing social protection services to the companies  craftsmen  employees  apprentices  and retirees of the building and construction sector  covering health  personal protection  insurance  savings  retirement  and vacations.Founded to manage supplemental social protection plans in the building trades  PRO BTP is run by representatives of the sector’s employers and employees. Today  the Group is France’s eighth-largest health and personal protection insurer  with 5 240 employees and nearly 3 million health insurance beneficiaries.PRO BTP is people-based  not capital-based  and it does not distribute earnings to any shareholders. Profits are used to benefit its members  notably to improve guarantees and solidarity arrangements.A committed  responsible corporate citizen  the Group finances wide-ranging social efforts and invests in the energy transition and technological innovation via projects related to preventive care  health  construction  and insurance.The Group’s purpose is to protect and serve the building and construction sector family by anticipating its future needs.Find the latest on PRO BTP at www.probtp.comAbout MesDocteurs:Founded in 2015  MesDocteurs is a Groupe VYV subsidiary and a major player in French telehealth. It is committed to improving the French healthcare system and ensuring access to care for all. Its innovative  secure platform offers online appointment scheduling  teleconsultation  telecare  and remote access to medical advice and expertise. Its comprehensive approach to patient care means it works closely with all healthcare system stakeholders: patients  healthcare facilities and professionals  supplemental health insurers  the pharmaceutical industry  regional health authorities  and more. Its aims to enable everyone to play their part to the fullest and work together to ensure better health for all. MesDocteurs does this by helping all sector stakeholders implement solutions that simplify patient care and medical practice.For more information  please visit MesDocteurs.com and @mesdocteursPress and investor relations contacts:Cegedim:Aude Balleydier – Media Relations and Communications Manager - +33 1 49 09 68 81 - aude.balleydier@cegedim.frJan Eryk Umiastowski – Chief Investment and Investor Relations Officer - +33 1 49 09 33 36 - janeryk.umiastowski@cegedim.comCéline Pardo - +33 6 52 08 13 66 - cegedim@becoming-group.comCegedim Santé:Matthieu Becamel – +33 7 63 85 75 01 - matthieu.becamel@cegedim.comMalakoff Humanis:Elisabeth Alfandari - +33 7 60 09 25 30 - elisabeth.alfandari@malakofhumanis.comGroupe VYV:Isabelle Poret - +33 6 37 97 20 17 - isabelle.poret@groupe-vyv.frAudrey Danten - +33 6 37 74 04 36 - audrey.danten@groupe-vyv.frPRO BTP: GroupChristophe Renaudineau – c.renaudineau@probtp.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,positive,0.76,0.2,0.04,True,English,"['kind strategic industrial partnership', 'Malakoff Humanis group', 'PRO BTP Group', 'investment agreement', 'Groupe VYV', 'Cegedim', 'Claude Bernard medication database', 'Darrois Villey Maillot Brochier', 'digital data flow management', 'healthcare sector digital transformation', 'social protection mutual group', 'three social protection groups', 'Cegedim Logiciel Médicaux', 'kind strategic industrial partnership', '24/7 telemedicine pioneer MesDocteurs', 'kind industrial cooperation', 'telehealth solution pioneer', 'RM Ingénierie', 'entire value chain', 'VDD Financière', 'PwC Corporate Finance', 'Investment bank Ohana', 'PRO BTP Group', 'personal protection insurance', 'business software publisher', 'international healthcare organizations', 'Ma Santé 2022 program', 'Ma Santé 2022 strategy', 'Mazars Transaction Services', 'PwC Transactions Services', 'government administrative bodies', 'reserved capital increase', 'interoperable healthcare solutions', 'Maiia software suite', 'Housing division revenues', 'Malakoff Humanis group', 'Groupe VYV subsidiary', 'three divisions', 'Médimust', 'strategic partnership', 'investment agreement', 'relevant solution', 'share capital', 'healthcare services', 'healthcare ecosystems', 'healthcare professional', 'Cegedim Group', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'major role', 'French government', '25 million beneficiaries', 'same time', 'tremendous boost', 'sovereign cloud', 'Kobus Tech', 'appointment scheduling', 'law firm', '1,300 dedicated employees', 'longstanding subsidiaries', 'service solutions', 'personalized offerings', '11 million beneficiaries', '69,000 client companies', 'regional governments', 'consolidated revenues', 'Cegedim Santé', 'insurance professionals', 'seamless course', 'new products', 'private practice', 'innovative technology', 'services company', 'leading health', 'Deal', 'Boulogne-Billancourt', 'France', 'May', 'market', 'March', 'squares', 'goals', 'experience', 'patients', 'access', 'shape', 'exchange', 'originators', 'growth', 'efforts', 'day', 'participation', 'Story', 'ambitions', 'asset', 'merger', 'Docavenue', 'RESIP', 'Co.', 'Goodwin', 'Rothschild', 'field', 'B2B', '5,600 people', '10 countries', 'Paris', 'EURONEXT', 'CGM', 'Twitter', 'CegedimGroup', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'trust', 'CLM', 'technologies', 'needs', 'CegedimSanté', 'enterprise', 'Assistance', 'comprehensive', 'individuals', 'lives', 'member', 'society', '26,000 local', '11 ministries']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,finance.yahoo.com
4949,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/rufflebutts-selects-centric-plm-product-120300995.html,RuffleButts Selects Centric PLM™ as their Product Development Foundation,RuffleButts  the kids' swimwear and clothing company  has selected Centric Software®'s Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solution. Centric Software provides...,"Kids swimwear company makes efficiency a priority to enable growthCAMPBELL  Calif.  May 16  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- RuffleButts  the kids' swimwear and clothing company  has selected Centric Software®'s Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solution. Centric Software provides the most innovative enterprise solutions to plan  design  develop  source and sell products such as apparel  footwear  sporting goods  furniture  home décor  cosmetics  food & beverage and luxury to achieve strategic and operational digital transformation goals.RuffleButts Selects Centric PLM™ as their Product Development Foundation""Our growth rate right now is phenomenal. I wanted to make sure that whatever company we chose could scale with us.""Based in a suburb of Dallas-Fort Worth  Texas  RuffleButts was founded 15 years ago starting with ruffled bloomers for baby girls  hence the name. The company creates joyful clothing for the treasured years of childhood. RuggedButts for boys was added later  offering a full wardrobe for girls and boys all the way into the tween years.Audrie Garcia  Production & Design Manager at RuffleButts  says  ""We're growing quite a bit and adding new product categories  new sizing—and it was just getting to be a lot to manage."" She talks about the manual work and duplicate data entry in a typical product development cycle  adding  ""We have hundreds of Google sheets for specs alone. Then we have different sheets for our color library  and a SKU creation doc on another sheet.""There were many steps on the creative side as well. Designers would have to copy-paste their designs from Adobe™ Illustrator to a digital project board in the design phase. When the project moves on to development or production  the design gets re-entered into another sheet where tech packs are created and is finally sent to the factory  often via email. Garcia says  ""We're entering data in multiple spots. And things just get lost or missed  or someone changes the size in one doc but forgets to change it in another... We want to streamline the process overall.""Story continuesOn top of all that  being in the children's apparel category subjects the company to strict regulations to comply with government safety standards. Garcia says  ""There are so many rules  for example  no lead in the thread  zippers  buttons and obviously  flammability. We save that information on our internal shared drive  but you can't access it outside of the office. And it isn't currently linked back to any product. I may know that we have a testing document for certain products and where to go find it  but there's not an easy way for anyone  other than me  to know that this product has been tested.""RuffleButts decided on PLM as a strategy and evaluated a few providers. Much research and several demos took place over the course of a year. One of the most important features Garcia says  is ""scalability  because our growth rate right now is phenomenal. I wanted to make sure that whatever company we chose could scale with us. The PLM had to have capabilities beyond just the product team—we may want to bring in more users like marketing  our e-commerce team  or our buyers and planners. During the demos  I eventually noticed that Centric was one of the only companies I saw that allows for that without going through a lot of hoop jumping.""Garcia expects to save a considerable amount of time once they are fully up and running. She states  ""I did the math a while ago. Overall  we will save about a week and a half's worth of work per season  just on the product engineering or data information side. On the design side  the Adobe Connect plugin is great to link Adobe Illustrator directly with Centric PLM; designers won't have to leave Illustrator  eliminating many of their repetitive tasks. It'll also help with calendar management and sample status—looking at the Centric home screen  I could have a widget on my dashboard that tells me the status at a glance.""Chris Groves  President and CEO of Centric says  ""We are pleased to be partnering with RuffleButts  a fresh  rapidly growing company in the apparel space. They bring fun and functional clothing to families  and we are thrilled to have been selected as their partner.""Learn more about Centric PLMRequest a DemoRuffleButts (www.rufflebutts.com)We create joyful clothing for the treasured years of childhood. Built on a foundation of gratitude  we strive to share smiles with everyone along the way. Who can say ""RuffleButts"" without a grin?!RuffleButts started small  a little idea pursued with passion. We place high value on gratitude and humbleness  while driven by determination and grit to deliver a wow-worthy customer experience. Our customers are amazing - intelligent  kind  enthusiastic  and so extremely supportive of our brands. Our best decisions are driven by your suggestions  as our company continues to grow beyond our wildest dreams. The company started with RuffleButts  then added RuggedButts for boys. We quickly expanded beyond our namesake RuffleButt Bloomer and now offer a full wardrobe for girls and boys all the way into their tween years. The one thing that hasn't changed is our dedication to quality  hand-me-down quality with a touchable difference  evidenced by our 50 000+ five-star reviews. When you're happy  we're happy - full circle smiles!Centric Software (www.centricsoftware.com)From its headquarters in Silicon Valley  Centric Software® provides a Product Concept to Consumer Digital Transformation Platform for fashion  retail  footwear  luxury  outdoor  consumer electronics and consumer goods including cosmetics and personal care and food and beverage. Centric's flagship Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) platform  Centric PLM™  delivers enterprise-class merchandise planning  product development  sourcing  quality and product portfolio optimization innovations specifically for fast-moving consumer industries. Centric Visual Innovation Platform (CVIP) offers highly visual digital board experiences for collaboration and decision-making. Centric Retail Planning is an innovative  cloud-native solution powered by Armonica Retail S.R.L.  that delivers an end-to-end retail planning process designed to maximize retail business performance. Centric Software pioneered mobility  introducing the first mobile apps for PLM  and is widely known for connectivity to dozens of other enterprise systems including ERP  DAM  PIM  e-com  planning and more as well as creative tools such as Adobe® Illustrator and a host of 3D CAD connectors. Centric's innovations are 100% market-driven with the highest user adoption rate and fastest time to value in the industry. All Centric innovations shorten time to market  boost product innovation and reduce costs.Centric Software is majority-owned by Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: #13065  DSY.PA)  the world leader in 3D design software  3D digital mock-up and PLM solutions.Centric Software has received multiple industry awards and recognition  including being named by Red Herring to its Top 100 Global list in 2013  2015 and 2016. Centric also received various excellence awards from Frost & Sullivan in 2012  2016  2018 and 2021.Centric Software is a registered trademark of Centric Software Inc. All other brands and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.Centric PLM ™ for Consumer Goods (PRNewsfoto/Centric Software)CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/rufflebutts-selects-centric-plm-as-their-product-development-foundation-301547181.htmlSOURCE Centric Software",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.66,0.1,0.25,True,English,"['Product Development Foundation', 'Centric PLM™', 'RuffleButts', 'operational digital transformation goals', 'fresh, rapidly growing company', 'typical product development cycle', 'innovative enterprise solutions', 'home décor', 'government safety standards', 'internal shared drive', 'worthy customer experience', 'SKU creation doc', 'digital project board', 'duplicate data entry', 'Adobe Connect plugin', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'new product categories', 'Centric home screen', 'Product Development Foundation', 'data information side', 'Kids swimwear company', ""kids' swimwear"", 'new sizing', 'one doc', 'calendar management', 'product team', 'product engineering', 'creative side', 'design side', 'sporting goods', 'ruffled bloomers', 'joyful clothing', 'treasured years', 'full wardrobe', 'tween years', 'Google sheets', 'different sheets', 'color library', 'many steps', 'Adobe™ Illustrator', 'tech packs', 'multiple spots', 'strict regulations', 'many rules', 'testing document', 'important features', 'hoop jumping', 'considerable amount', 'Adobe Illustrator', 'repetitive tasks', 'Chris Groves', 'functional clothing', 'little idea', 'high value', 'best decisions', 'wildest dreams', 'RuffleButt Bloomer', 'Centric Software®', 'PLM) solution', 'The PLM', 'Design Manager', 'design phase', 'Centric PLM™', 'clothing company', 'growth rate', 'apparel category', 'apparel space', 'Dallas-Fort Worth', 'manual work', 'easy way', 'several demos', 'sample status', 'baby girls', 'Audrie Garcia', 'efficiency', 'priority', 'CAMPBELL', 'Calif.', 'May', 'PRNewswire', 'RuffleButts', 'products', 'footwear', 'furniture', 'cosmetics', 'food', 'beverage', 'luxury', 'strategic', 'suburb', 'Texas', 'name', 'childhood', 'RuggedButts', 'boys', 'Production', 'hundreds', 'specs', 'Designers', 'designs', 'factory', 'email', 'things', 'someone', 'size', 'process', 'Story', 'top', 'children', 'example', 'lead', 'thread', 'zippers', 'buttons', 'flammability', 'office', 'strategy', 'providers', 'Much', 'research', 'place', 'course', 'scalability', 'capabilities', 'users', 'marketing', 'buyers', 'planners', 'companies', 'time', 'math', 'week', 'season', 'widget', 'dashboard', 'glance', 'President', 'CEO', 'families', 'partner', 'gratitude', 'smiles', 'everyone', 'grin', 'passion', 'humbleness', 'determination', 'grit', 'wow', 'customers', 'brands', 'suggestions']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,finance.yahoo.com
4950,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/news/3838973-valneva-stock-slumps-20-as-eu-plans-to-terminate-covid-19-vaccine-deal,Valneva stock slumps ~20% as EU plans to terminate COVID-19 vaccine deal,Valneva (VALN) (INRLF) said the European Commission ((EC)) intends to terminate its advance purchase agreement ((APA)) for the company's inactivated whole-virus COVID-19...,"Valneva (NASDAQ:VALN) (OTCPK:INRLF) said the European Commission (EC) intends to terminate its advance purchase agreement (APA) for the company's inactivated whole-virus COVID-19 vaccine VLA2001.The French company's stock fell ~20% to €9.50 on May 16 on the Euronext Paris where it trades under the ticker VLA.Valneva said the APA provides the EC with a right to terminate the contract if VLA2001 has not received a marketing authorization from the European Medicines Agency (EMA) by April 30.Under the agreement  Valneva has 30 days from May 13  to get a marketing authorization or propose an acceptable remediation plan.In April  the EMA's Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) requested additional data to support a the marketing authorization for the vaccine.Valneva said it submitted its response on May 2  and believes it adequately addresses the remaining questions. If the CHMP accepts the responses  the company expects to receive a positive CHMP opinion at the latest in June.Valneva (VALN) added it will work with the EC and member states to agree to a remediation plan and to make VLA2001 available to those member states who still want the vaccine.Valneva noted that it will reconsider its full-year 2022 financial guidance  based on the outcome of the discussions with the EC and the relevant member states.""We have started a dialogue with member states who are interested in our inactivated approach "" said Valneva CEO Thomas LingelbachThe company noted that if the EC terminates the APA  it will not be required to return the down payments received as the company committed the full amount of those payments and the APA does not require reimbursement of such payments under these circumstances.",negative,0.02,0.26,0.72,negative,0.01,0.23,0.75,True,English,"['COVID-19 vaccine deal', 'Valneva stock', 'EU', 'Valneva CEO Thomas Lingelbach', 'virus COVID-19 vaccine VLA2001', 'full-year 2022 financial guidance', 'European Medicines Agency', 'advance purchase agreement', 'acceptable remediation plan', 'positive CHMP opinion', 'relevant member states', 'European Commission', 'Euronext Paris', 'marketing authorization', 'Medicinal Products', 'Human Use', 'additional data', 'remaining questions', 'inactivated approach', 'full amount', 'VLA. Valneva', 'NASDAQ:VALN', 'down payments', 'French company', 'OTCPK', 'INRLF', 'EC', 'APA', 'stock', 'May', 'ticker', 'right', 'contract', 'April', '30 days', 'Committee', 'response', 'June', 'outcome', 'discussions', 'dialogue', 'reimbursement', 'circumstances']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,seekingalpha.com
4951,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/international/business/global-wheat-prices-hit-record-high-after-india-puts-ban-on-export/videoshow/91601782.cms,Global wheat prices hit record high after India puts ban on export,Wheat prices surged to a new record high in European trading on Monday after India decided to ban exports of the commodity as a heatwave hit production. The price jumped to 435 euros ($453) per tonne as the Euronext market opened  up from the previous record …,Wheat prices surged to a new record high in European trading on Monday after India decided to ban exports of the commodity as a heatwave hit production. The price jumped to 435 euros ($453) per tonne as the Euronext market opened  up from the previous record of 422 euros reached on Friday. On the Chicago Board of Trade  just before trading opened the price of the SRW wheat futures contract hit $12.35 a bushel  an increase of 4.9 percent.,neutral,0.05,0.68,0.27,negative,0.01,0.18,0.8,True,English,"['Global wheat prices', 'record', 'India', 'ban', 'export', 'SRW wheat futures contract', 'heatwave hit production', 'new record high', 'Wheat prices', 'previous record', 'Euronext market', 'Chicago Board', 'European trading', 'Monday', 'India', 'exports', 'commodity', '435 euros', 'tonne', '422 euros', 'Friday', 'Trade', 'bushel', 'increase', '4.9 percent']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,economictimes.indiatimes.com
4952,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/joint-press-release-kalera-agrico-060000289.html,Joint Press Release – Kalera and Agrico Announce Effectiveness of Registration Statement  Waiver of Minimum Cash Condition and Extraordinary General Meetings for Proposed Business Combination,Extraordinary general meeting of Kalera shareholders (the “Kalera Special Meeting”) and extraordinary general meeting of Agrico shareholders (the “Agrico...,"KaleraExtraordinary general meeting of Kalera shareholders (the “Kalera Special Meeting”) and extraordinary general meeting of Agrico shareholders (the “Agrico Special Meeting” and  together with the Kalera Special Meeting  the “Special Meetings”) to approve the proposed business combination of Kalera and Agrico expected to be held on June 27  2022.Record date for the Kalera Special Meeting is June 6  2022 (the “Kalera Record Date”); Record date for the Agrico Special Meeting is May 12  2022 (the “Agrico Record Date” and  together with the Kalera Record Date  the “Record Dates”).Kalera shareholders as of June 6  2022 voting by proxy should submit their vote by June 22  2022.Agrico shareholders as of May 12  2022 voting by proxy should submit their vote by 10:00 a.m.  Eastern Time on June 25  2022.Kalera has waived the minimum cash closing condition.Despite the waiver of the condition  if the minimum cash condition is not satisfied upon the consummation of the business combination  Agrico’s sponsor promote will be proportionately forfeited as outlined in the Sponsor Support Agreement.Upon closing of the business combination  the ordinary shares and warrants of the combined company will be listed on Nasdaq under the ticker symbols “KAL” and “KALWW”  respectively.ORLANDO  Fla. and GRAND CAYMAN  Cayman Islands  May 16  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kalera AS (“Kalera”) (EURONEXT GROWTH OSLO: KAL) and Agrico Acquisition Corp. (“Agrico”) (NASDAQ: RICO) announced today that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) has declared effective the registration statement on Form S-4 of Kalera Public Limited Company (as amended  the “Registration Statement”)  which includes a proxy statement/prospectus in connection with the Kalera Special Meeting and the Agrico Special Meeting to consider matters related to the previously announced proposed business combination of Kalera and Agrico.Additionally  Kalera today announced that it has set a meeting date of June 27  2022 for the Kalera Special Meeting and a record date of June 6  2022  and Agrico today announced that it has set a meeting date of June 27  2022 for the Agrico Special Meeting and a record date of May 12  2022.“We are pleased that the SEC has declared the Kalera registration statement effective  and we are ready to move forward with the consummation of the business combination ” said Curtis McWilliams  Interim CEO and incoming Chair of Kalera’s board of directors. “Since the announcement  a significant amount of capital has been raised. The board has made the decision to go ahead and waive the minimum cash closing condition to provide our shareholders assurances of the opportunity  if approved  to close the merger and transfer to the more liquid NASDAQ exchange.”Story continuesKalera Shareholder VoteKalera’s shareholders of record at the close of business on the Kalera Record Date are entitled to vote their Kalera ordinary shares at the Kalera Special Meeting.The Kalera Special Meeting will take place on June 27  2022  at the time as set out in the proxy and voting card in relation to the Kalera Special Meeting  and will be conducted via live webcast at the following link: https://arendt.webex.com/arendt/j.php?MTID=m6bd2433f97b2ee5d2e7055d6a4c88fff.Agrico Shareholder VoteAgrico’s shareholders of record at the close of business on the Agrico Record Date are entitled to vote their Agrico ordinary shares at the Agrico Special Meeting.The Agrico Special Meeting will take place at 10:00 a.m.  Eastern Time  on June 27  2022 and will be held at the offices of Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP at 121 South Church Street  Ugland House  Grand Cayman  Cayman Islands and virtually at the following link: https://www.cstproxy.com/agricoacquisition/2022.In connection with the Agrico Special Meeting  Agrico shareholders that wish to exercise their redemption rights must do so no later than 5:00pm Eastern Time on June 23  2022 (two (2) business days prior to the Agrico Special Meeting) by following the procedures as specified in the definitive proxy statement/ prospectus for the Agrico Special Meeting. There is no requirement that shareholders affirmatively vote for or against the business combination at the Agrico Special Meeting in order to redeem their shares for cash.As announced previously  the business combination is to be effected through a newly created holding company  Kalera Public Limited Company (“Kalera PLC”). Upon the consummation of the business combination  Agrico will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kalera PLC and  if Agrico is solvent at such time  its voluntary winding-up is expected to commence and its business is expected to be discontinued except to the extent necessary to facilitate the winding-up. The legacy business of Kalera will be operated by Kalera PLC. Kalera PLC’s ordinary shares and warrants are expected to be traded on Nasdaq under the new symbols “KAL” and “KALWW”  respectively. At the closing of the business combination  each Agrico unit will separate into its components consisting of one Agrico ordinary share and one half of one warrant and  as a result  will no longer trade as a separate security.The Record Dates determine the holders of Kalera and Agrico’s ordinary shares entitled to vote at the Special Meetings  and at any adjournment or postponement thereof  whereby shareholders will be asked to approve and adopt the business combination  and such other proposals as disclosed in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus included in the Registration Statement and related convening notice. If the business combination and other proposals are approved by Kalera and Agrico shareholders  Kalera and Agrico anticipate closing the business combination shortly after the Special Meetings  subject to the satisfaction or waiver (as applicable) of all other closing conditions. Kalera’s officers and directors and certain other shareholders  who collectively own approximately 45% of the outstanding Kalera ordinary shares  have agreed to vote their shares in favor of the business combination.Investors who hold Kalera’s ordinary shares in “street name”  which means that the shares are held in an account at a brokerage firm or bank  and unless otherwise specified in the relevant convening notice  may either contact their broker  bank or nominee to ensure that votes related to the shares they beneficially own are properly counted  or use the proxy and voting card as instructed by Kalera  together in the latter case with a share certificate certifying the number of shares recorded in the relevant account on the Kalera Record Date. If they wish to attend the Kalera Special Meeting and vote  they must contact their broker  bank or other nominee to obtain a legal proxy and instructions on the procedures to be followed. Kalera recommends that its shareholders wishing to vote at the Kalera Special Meeting log in at least 15 minutes before the Kalera Special Meeting start time. Kalera encourages its shareholders entitled to vote at the Kalera Special Meeting to vote their shares via proxy in advance of the Kalera Special Meeting by following the instructions on the proxy card.Investors who hold Agrico’s ordinary shares in “street name”  which means that the shares are registered in the name of their broker  bank or other agent  should contact their broker  bank or other agent to ensure that votes related to the shares they beneficially own are properly counted. In this regards  they must instruct their broker  bank or other agent how to vote the shares they beneficially own in accordance with the voting instruction form they receive from their broker  bank or other agent. If they wish to attend the Agrico Special Meeting and vote  they must contact their broker  bank or other agent to obtain a legal proxy and instructions on the procedures to be followed. Beneficial investors who own their investments through a bank or broker and wish to attend the meeting will need to contact Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company to receive a control number at least 48 hours before the Agrico Special Meeting.Waiver of Minimum Cash ConditionKalera also announced today that it waived the minimum cash closing condition. The minimum cash condition provides that  after the holders of Agrico shares have exercised their redemption rights and assuming the payment of all transaction expenses  the aggregate amount of cash proceeds received or available to Kalera at or prior to the consummation of the business combination in respect of debt or equity financing and the amount in the trust account must equal $100 million in order for Kalera to be required to consummate the business combination.Despite the waiver of the condition  if the minimum cash condition is not satisfied upon the consummation of the business combination  Agrico’s sponsor promote will be proportionately forfeited as outlined in the Sponsor Support Agreement.About KaleraKalera is a vertical farming company headquartered in Orlando  Florida. Kalera uses technology to ensure that more people around the world have access to the freshest  most nutritious  and cleanest products available. It has spent several years optimizing plant nutrient formulas and developing an advanced automation and data acquisition system with Internet of Things  cloud  big data analytics and artificial intelligence capabilities. Kalera currently operates farms in the US (in Orlando  Florida; Atlanta  Georgia; Houston  Texas and Denver  Colorado)  as well as in Kuwait. Additional farms are under development. More information is available at www.kalera.com.About AgricoAgrico is a blank check company incorporated on July 31  2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger  share exchange  asset acquisition  stock purchase  reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. While Agrico may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any industry or sector  Agrico intends to focus on agricultural technology targets in agriculture  horticulture  and aquaculture that aim to improve yield  efficiency or profitability in the production  processing  distribution  provision of capital  or consumption of outputs  inputs  data  technology or other services. For more information  please visit www.agrico.co.No Offer or SolicitationThis communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  or a solicitation of any vote or approval  nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.Important Information and Where to Find ItIn connection with the transaction  Agrico and Kalera PLC have filed and will file relevant materials with the SEC  including a Form S-4 registration statement filed by Kalera PLC on April 21  2022 and amended on May 9  2022 and May 13  2022 (the “S-4”)  which includes a prospectus with respect to Kalera PLC’s securities to be issued in connection with the proposed business combination and a proxy statement (the “Proxy Statement”) with respect to Agrico and Kalera’s shareholder meetings at which such shareholders will be asked to vote on the proposed business combination and related matters. Before making any voting or investment decision  investors and security holders of Agrico and Kalera are urged to carefully read the entire registration statement and proxy statement/prospectus  and any other relevant documents filed with the SEC  as well as any amendments or supplements to these documents  because they contain important information about the proposed transaction. The documents filed with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov  from Agrico's website at https://www.agrico.co/ and from Kalera's website at https://www.Kalera.com/.Participants in the SolicitationAgrico  Kalera and certain of their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from shareholders  in favor of the approval of the merger. Information regarding Agrico's and Kalera's directors and executive officers and other persons who may be deemed participants in the solicitation may be obtained by reading the registration statement and the proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant documents filed with the SEC. Free copies of these documents may be obtained as described above.Forward-Looking StatementsThis communication includes certain statements that are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the applicable securities laws. Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as ""believe "" ""may "" ""will "" ""estimate "" ""continue "" ""anticipate "" ""intend "" ""expect "" ""should "" ""would "" ""plan "" ""predict "" ""potential "" ""seem "" ""seek "" ""future "" ""outlook "" and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters.These forward-looking statements include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the terms and conditions of the proposed business combination and related transactions disclosed herein  the timing of the consummation of such transactions  assumptions regarding shareholder redemptions and the anticipated benefits and financial position of the parties resulting therefrom. These statements are based on various assumptions and/or on the current expectations of Agrico or Kalera's management. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as and must not be relied on by any investor or other person as  a guarantee  an assurance  a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of Agrico and/or Kalera. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  including but not limited to general economic  financial  legal  political and business conditions and changes in domestic and foreign markets; the amount of redemption requests made by Agrico's public shareholders; changes in the assumptions underlying Kalera's expectations regarding its future business; the effects of competition on Kalera's future business; and the outcome of judicial proceedings to which Kalera is  or may become a party.If the risks materialize or assumptions prove incorrect  actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that Kalera and Agrico presently do not know or currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition  forward-looking statements reflect expectations  assumptions  plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this communication. Kalera and Agrico anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause these assessments to change. However  while Kalera and/or Agrico may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future  each of Kalera and Agrico specifically disclaims any obligation to do so  except as required by applicable law. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Kalera's or Agrico' (or their respective affiliates') assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this written communication. Accordingly  undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements.For investor inquiries  please contact:Eric Birgeir@kalera.com313-309-9500",neutral,0.04,0.82,0.14,mixed,0.2,0.28,0.52,True,English,"['Joint Press Release', 'Minimum Cash Condition', 'Extraordinary General Meetings', 'Registration Statement', 'Business Combination', 'Kalera', 'Agrico', 'Effectiveness', 'Waiver', 'Proposed', 'Kalera Public Limited Company', 'one Agrico ordinary share', 'The Agrico Special Meeting', 'The Kalera Special Meeting', 'minimum cash closing condition', 'minimum cash condition', 'Extraordinary general meeting', 'EURONEXT GROWTH OSLO', 'U.S. Securities', '121 South Church Street', 'Sponsor Support Agreement', 'Agrico Acquisition Corp.', 'Agrico Shareholder Vote', 'Agrico ordinary shares', 'Kalera Shareholder Vote', 'Kalera ordinary shares', 'Agrico Record Date', 'Kalera registration statement', 'Kalera Record Date', 'liquid NASDAQ exchange', 'definitive proxy statement', 'meeting date', 'Special Meetings', 'combined company', 'holding company', 'sponsor promote', 'Exchange Commission', 'Agrico unit', 'Kalera AS', 'Kalera PLC', 'Record Dates', 'ticker symbols', 'GRAND CAYMAN', 'Cayman Islands', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Form S-4', 'Curtis McWilliams', 'Interim CEO', 'incoming Chair', 'significant amount', 'live webcast', 'following link', 'Cayman) LLP', 'Ugland House', 'redemption rights', 'owned subsidiary', 'new symbols', 'Agrico shareholders', 'Kalera shareholders', 'business combination', 'two (2) business', 'legacy business', 'voting card', 'arendt.webex', 'voluntary winding-up', 'Eastern Time', 'June', 'May', '10:00 a', 'waiver', 'consummation', 'warrants', 'KALWW', 'ORLANDO', 'Fla.', 'prospectus', 'connection', 'matters', 'board', 'directors', 'announcement', 'capital', 'decision', 'assurances', 'opportunity', 'merger', 'Story', 'close', 'place', 'relation', 'MTID', 'offices', 'Maples', 'Calder', 'cstproxy', 'agricoacquisition', 'procedures', 'requirement', 'order', 'extent', 'components', '5:00']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,finance.yahoo.com
4953,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/data-open-label-pleo-cmt-063000002.html,New Data from the Open-Label PLEO-CMT-FU Trial Shows Sustained Benefit with PXT3003 in Patients with Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type 1A After 5 Years of Total Trial Time,New data from the ongoing Open-Label Phase III Extension Study of PXT3003  the PLEO-CMT-FU trial  suggest good safety profile and continuous treatment effect...,PharnextNew data from the ongoing Open-Label Phase III Extension Study of PXT3003  the PLEO-CMT-FU trial  suggest good safety profile and continuous treatment effect of PXT3003 measured on the Overall Neuropathy Limitation Scale after 5 years of total trial time126 patients with mild-to-moderate Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type 1A are still on treatment with PXT3003 High Dose in the PLEO-CMT-FU trialPARIS  France  May 16th  2022  8:30 am CET – Pharnext SA (FR0011191287 – ALPHA) (the “Company”)  an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  today announces new results from the ongoing open-label follow-up extension study of PXT3003 in Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type 1A (‘CMT1A’)  the PLEO-CMT-FU trial  which followed the first double-blind  placebo controlled Phase III study  the PLEO-CMT trial.In January 2020 and April 2021  Pharnext reported results  based on previous data extraction from the PLEO-CMT and PLEO-CMT-FU trials  suggesting sustained safety and efficacy of PXT3003 in patients with mild-to-moderate CMT1A. The new results announced today are derived from a data extraction performed on April 25th  2022  which shows the continuous treatment effect for CMT1A patients treated with PXT3003 High Dose (‘HD’) in the PLEO-CMT-FU Period 2 trial with a data readout at 60 months of total trial time (15 months of PLEO-CMT trial + 9 months of PLEO-CMT-FU trial period 1 + 36 months of PLEO-CMT-FU trial period 2). Please refer to an illustration of the first PXT3003 Phase III program design in the “About the PLEO-CMT-FU Trial” section below for more details.Key features of the data analysis are as follows:PXT3003 continues to show a good tolerability and safety profile over the course of the first Phase III program (double-blind + ongoing open-label).PXT3003 continues to show encouraging efficacy results as measured on the Overall Neuropathy Limitations Scale (‘ONLS’) which evaluates the patient’s functional motor disability. The best efficacy signal was observed in the cohort of patients treated with PXT3003 HD during 5 years of total trial time (double blind + ongoing open-label). Patients treated with placebo declined on ONLS during the double-blind phase but then improved when switched to PXT3003 in the ongoing open-label phase.Story continuesPlease refer to the illustration of the ONLS data below for more details.Dr. Burkhard Blank  Chief Medical Officer at Pharnext commented: “The data announced today  while generated from an open-label extension study  show a sustained treatment benefit with PXT3003 High Dose for patients with CMT1A. As we approach completion of enrollment in our pivotal Phase III study  the PREMIER trial  in the same mild to moderate CMT1A patients’ population  with the same High Dose of PXT3003 and using the same primary efficacy ONLS endpoint  this reinforces our confidence in potentially confirming the safety and efficacy of PXT3003.”Shahram Attarian  MD  PhD  Head of the Neuromuscular Diseases and ALS department at the University Hospital La Timone in Marseille (France)  Coordinator of the FILNEMUS Rare Diseases Network and Neuromuscular Diseases Reference Centers in France  and Lead Investigator of the PLEO-CMT  PLEO-CMT-FU and PREMIER trials in Europe  said: “As an investigator involved since the beginning in the clinical development of PXT3003 in CMT1A  I find these long term safety and efficacy data very encouraging. Being able to stabilize  or even improve  patients with CMT1A is an extremely worthwhile goal particularly as these individuals will inevitably decline following the long-term natural course of the disease with the currently available standard of care. The entire CMT community is hopeful that PXT3003 could be the first approved therapy for this debilitating disease.”Results of First Double-Blind Phase III (PLEO-CMT) & Open-Label Extension (PLEO-CMT-FU)Studies of PXT3003 with an ONLS Data Readout at 60 Months of Total Trial Time**Results based on database extraction done on April 25th  2022a Cohort of CMT1A patients treated with PXT3003 High Dose during PLEO-CMT and ongoing PLEO-CMT-FU trialsb Cohort of CMT1A patients treated with PXT3003 Low Dose during PLEO-CMT + PLEO-CMT-FU Period 1  and then switched to PXT3003 High Dose during PLEO-CMT-FU period 2c Cohort of CMT1A patients treated with placebo during PLEO-CMT  PXT3003 Low Dose or High Dose during PLEO-CMT-FU Period 1 and PXT3003 High Dose during PLEO-CMT-FU Period 2Please refer to a graphic illustration of the first double-blind Phase III (PLEO-CMT) and open-label extension (PLEO-CMT-FU) studies design in the “About the PLEO-CMT-FU Trial” section below.About the PLEO-CMT TrialThe PLEO-CMT trial was an international  randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled  Phase III study evaluating the efficacy and safety of PXT3003 in patients with CMT1A  over a 15-month period. Two dose levels  named low dose (‘LD’) and high dose (‘HD’)  of PXT3003 in comparison to placebo were tested in patients diagnosed with mild-to-moderate CMT1A (HD equals double LD). A total of 323 patients were enrolled in 29 centers across Europe  the U.S. and Canada by December 2016 and last-patient-last-visit occurred in March 2018. Due to an unexpected issue in the HD formulation  the HD arm was prematurely stopped in September 2017. A revised statistical analysis plan was developed to take into account the premature HD arm discontinuation. Analysis of the primary endpoint  Overall Neuropathy Limitations Scale (‘ONLS’) from all investigated populations in the HD arm suggested preliminary efficacy in humans. The study further demonstrated the safety and tolerability of PXT3003. Further information on the PLEO-CMT trial  including study results  can be found on the ClinicalTrials.gov website (study identification number: NCT03023540) here or in the following publication: https://ojrd.biomedcentral.com/track/pdf/10.1186/s13023-021-02040-8.pdf.About the PLEO-CMT-FU TrialAll randomized CMT1A patients who completed the PLEO-CMT trial (treated with PXT3003 or placebo) were eligible to pursue treatment with PXT3003 in the PLEO-CMT-FU trial. This trial enrolled a total of 187 patients and was designed to primarily assess the long-term safety and tolerability of PXT3003. It was initially planned to be a double-blind  nine-month  Phase III follow-up extension study where patients treated with PXT3003 in the PLEO-CMT trial were eligible to continue their treatment at the same dose (High dose ‘HD’ or Low Dose ‘LD’). Patients treated with placebo in the PLEO-CMT trial were randomized in PLEO-CMT-FU to receive LD or HD of PXT3003. Due to the PXT3003 HD formulation issue which occurred during the PLEO-CMT trial  the HD arm was discontinued in September 2017. Consequently  the PLEO-CMT-FU trial became an open-label study divided into two periods:Period 1 (9-month treatment period) from March 2017 to April 2019. Patients randomized to PXT3003 LD in PLEO-CMT continued on the same dose. Patients randomized to PXT3003 HD in PLEO-CMT continued on the same dose  but it was given as twice the volume of PXT3003 LD formulation after the PXT3003 HD formulation issue. Patients randomized to placebo in PLEO-CMT continued only on PXT3003 LD after the HD formulation issue.Period 2 from July 2018 (still on-going). The 153 patients who entered in PLEO-CMT-FU Period 2 were all switched to PXT3003 HD given as twice the volume of PXT3003 LD formulation.In PLEO-CMT-FU  on top of safety and tolerability of PXT3003 which is evaluated every 3 months  long-term efficacy is evaluated with the Overall Neuropathy Limitations Scale (‘ONLS’) measured every 6 months. Results from the PLEO-CMT-FU trial will be reported on a yearly basis.Further information on the PLEO-CMT-FU trial can be found on the ClinicalTrials.gov website (study identification number: NCT03023540) here.Design of First Double-Blind Phase III (PLEO-CMT) andOpen-Label Extension (PLEO-CMT-FU) Studies of PXT3003About the PREMIER TrialThe PREMIER trial is an international  randomized  double-blind  two-arm placebo-controlled  pivotal Phase III study  evaluating the efficacy and safety of PXT3003 versus placebo in mild-to-moderate CMT1A patients  over a 15-month period. The dose of PXT3003 tested in the PREMIER trial corresponds to the high dose (‘HD’) tested in the prior Phase III trial (‘PLEO-CMT’). As agreed with regulatory agencies  the primary efficacy endpoint will be the Overall Neuropathy Limitations Scale (‘ONLS’) which measures functional motor disability. The secondary endpoints include the following outcome measures: 1) 10-Meter Walk Test (‘10mWT’)  2) Quantified Muscular Testing (bilateral foot dorsiflexion dynamometry)  3) Patient Global Impression of Severity (‘PGI-S’)  4) Patient Global Impression of Change (‘PGI-C’)  5) Charcot-Marie-Tooth Neuropathy Score  version 2 (‘CMTNS-v2’)  and 6) Quantified Muscular Testing (hand grip). Safety and tolerability will be monitored throughout the study. Further information on the PREMIER trial can be found on the ClinicalTrials.gov website (study identification number: NCT04762758) here.About Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type 1A (‘CMT1A’)Charcot-Marie-Tooth (‘CMT’) disease encompasses a heterogeneous group of inherited  severe  debilitating  progressive and chronic peripheral neuropathies. CMT1A  the most common type of CMT  is an orphan disease with a prevalence of 1/5000 people affecting about 150 000 people in Europe and the U.S. and about 1 500 000 people worldwide. The genetic mutation responsible for CMT1A is a duplication of the PMP22 gene coding for a peripheral myelin protein. The duplication of this gene results in overexpression of the PMP22 protein and failure of Schwann cells to produce normal myelin (neuronal sheath). The lack of a normal myelin structure and function leads to abnormal peripheral nerve conduction and axonal loss. As a result of peripheral nerve degradation  patients suffer from progressive muscle atrophy in both the legs and arms causing problems with walking  running and balance as well as abnormal hand functioning. They might also suffer from mild to moderate sensory disorders. First symptoms usually appear during adolescence and will progressively evolve throughout life. Patients with the most severe form of CMT1A end up in wheelchairs  representing at least 5% of cases. To date  no curative or symptomatic medications have been approved and treatment consists of supportive care such as orthotics  leg braces  physical and occupational therapy or surgery. More information can be found at https://pharnext.com/en/disease/charcot-marie-toothAbout PXT3003PXT3003 is a novel fixed-dose synergistic combination of baclofen  naltrexone and sorbitol formulated as an oral solution given twice a day. The three individual components of PXT3003 were selected to downregulate the overexpression of PMP22 protein  leading to improvement of neuronal signaling in dysfunctional peripheral nerves that are an essential part of the pathophysiology of this disease. PXT3003 could also have a positive effect on other cellular types of the motor unit such as the axon (direct protection)  neuromuscular junctions or muscle cells. PXT3003 has shown promising and consistent results across preclinical and clinical studies in Phase II and Phase III (PLEO-CMT and PLEO-CMT-FU). More information can be found at https://pharnext.com/en/pipeline/pxt3003About PharnextPharnext is an advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases that currently lack curative and/or disease-modifying treatments. Pharnext has two lead products in clinical development. PXT3003 completed an international Phase III trial with encouraging topline results for the treatment of Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (‘CMT1A’) and benefits from orphan drug status in Europe and the United States. An international pivotal Phase III study of PXT3003 in CMT1A  the PREMIER trial  is currently ongoing. PXT864 has generated encouraging Phase II results in Alzheimer’s disease and will be advanced through partnerships. Both of Pharnext’s lead assets originated from the Pleotherapy™ R&D approach. Pharnext draws the attention of investors to the financial and other risk factors detailed in its financial reports. More information can be found at https://pharnext.com/enPharnext is listed on the Euronext Growth Stock Exchange in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011191287).ContactsDr. David Horn SolomonChief Executive Officercontact@pharnext.com+33 (0)1 41 09 22 30Media Relations (International)Consilium Strategic CommunicationsMary-Jane ElliottSukaina VirjiAlexandra Harrisonpharnext@consilium-comms.com Financial Communication (Europe)ActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 (0)6 21 10 49 24 Media Relations (France)Ulysse CommunicationBruno Arabianbarabian@ulysse-communication.com+33 (0)6 87 88 47 26+33 (0)1 81 70 96 30,neutral,0.04,0.83,0.13,mixed,0.53,0.14,0.33,True,English,"['Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type 1A', 'Open-Label PLEO-CMT-FU Trial Shows', 'Total Trial Time', 'New Data', 'Benefit', 'PXT3003', 'Patients', '5 Years', 'international, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, Phase III study', 'first double-blind, placebo controlled Phase III study', 'ongoing Open-Label Phase III Extension Study', 'first PXT3003 Phase III program design', 'advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'ongoing open-label follow-up extension study', 'moderate Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type 1A', 'first Phase III program', 'pivotal Phase III study', 'First Double-Blind Phase III', 'Overall Neuropathy Limitation Scale', 'Overall Neuropathy Limitations Scale', 'University Hospital La Timone', 'FILNEMUS Rare Diseases Network', 'high unmet medical need', 'Neuromuscular Diseases Reference Centers', 'open-label extension study', 'moderate CMT1A patients’ population', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'functional motor disability', 'Dr. Burkhard Blank', 'entire CMT community', 'Two dose levels', 'same High Dose', 'continuous treatment effect', 'total trial time', 'best efficacy signal', 'sustained treatment benefit', 'same primary efficacy', 'long term safety', 'long-term natural course', 'ongoing PLEO-CMT-FU trials', 'PXT3003 Low Dose', 'PXT3003 High Dose', 'same mild to', 'previous data extraction', 'good safety profile', 'The PLEO-CMT trial', 'PLEO-CMT-FU Period 2 trial', 'PLEO-CMT-FU trial period', 'encouraging efficacy results', 'ONLS Data Readout', 'studies design', 'moderate CMT1A.', 'neurodegenerative diseases', 'debilitating disease', 'sustained safety', 'good tolerability', 'PREMIER trial', '15-month period', 'database extraction', 'New data', 'data analysis', 'efficacy data', 'May 16th', 'novel therapeutics', 'Key features', 'Shahram Attarian', 'ALS department', 'clinical development', 'worthwhile goal', 'available standard', 'ONLS endpoint', 'new results', 'April 25th', 'PXT3003 HD', 'Lead Investigator', 'graphic illustration', 'Pharnext SA', '126 patients', '5 years', 'PARIS', 'France', 'CET', 'ALPHA', 'January', '60 months', '9 months', '36 months', 'section', 'details', 'cohort', 'Story', 'completion', 'enrollment', 'confidence', 'MD', 'PhD', 'Head', 'Marseille', 'Coordinator', 'Europe', 'beginning', 'individuals', 'care', 'therapy', '8:30']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,finance.yahoo.com
4954,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4110486.html,Accor's award winning streak continues with Condé Nast Traveller 2022 Hot List,Accor brands and hotels continue to up the ante with each new opening as several properties were recently honored on Condé Nast Traveller’s 2022 Hot List. Enthralling critics and guests alike with a world-class portfolio of hotels  venues and destinations  it…,Accor brands and hotels continue to up the ante with each new opening as several properties were recently honored on Condé Nast Traveller’s 2022 Hot List. Enthralling critics and guests alike with a world-class portfolio of hotels  venues and destinations  it’s no surprise the Group has four locations appearing on the coveted list of best new hotels in the world.Each year editors at the esteemed travel outlet index the top standout openings. This year editors from all seven worldwide editions participated in scouting and selecting the entries and narrowed it down to 96 best of the best. New additions to the list this year are destinations  restaurants  culture  transportation and cruises for an all-encompassing look at what is new and hot in travel.Hot List: New hotelsTop new hotels called out in the Hot List this year include the following:Set upon a 21-acre private island in the middle of the serene Udai Sagar Lake  Raffles Udaipur is sure to impress. Continuing its legacy of unparalleled luxury  this new Raffles flagship features 101 elegant rooms and suites  private ornamental gardens and pools  and handcrafted furniture.If golden sand beaches  azure waters  and extraordinary sunsets are on the docket  Fairmont Taghazout Bay could be the haven of choice. Stretched across 18-hectares of pristine beachfront and backed by the Atlas Mountains  this resort was designed to be an oasis inspired by the Amazigh culture  and offers sun-drenched rooms and expansive spa with ocean vistas and transportive treatments.Nestled amid the natural beauty of Isla Barú  Sofitel Barú Calablanca Beach Resort is a picturesque property that combines the essence of the Caribbean with Sofitel's French DNA. Featuring 187 chic rooms and luxurious suites  the hotel does not disappoint. The luxury resort is committed to environmental sustainability and successfully balances its architectural design with nature and is home to more than 60 species of coral.Located in the up-and-coming business district of Dubai  25hours Hotel One Centre  is a lively space where tradition meets modern day. Fun  relaxed and full of things to do  guests of One Central can experience how the ancient traditions of the Bedouins are brought back to life. Full of character and quirky design  the hotel features hammocks  The Extra Hour Spa  a rooftop pool and Dubai's first mixed-use rooftop sauna.25hours Hotel One Centre— Photo by AccorRaffles Udaipur— Photo by AccorFairmont Taghazout Bay— Photo by AccorSofitel Barú Calablanca Beach Resort— Photo by AccorHot List: Where to travel nextThis year  Condé Nast Traveller also named seven up-and-coming destinations on their 2022 list of where to travel next. From the magnetic pull of Mexico City to Saudi Arabia opening its doors to global tourism  these destinations are ones to explore.Mexico City is a buzzy creative hub and an affordable  cultural mecca with much to offer  from hot weather to fabulous food. The brand new Novotel Mexico City Toreo features avant-garde design and extensive workspace amenities  making it the perfect bleisure destination.Banyan Tree AlUla— Photo by AccorNovotel Mexico City Toreo— Photo by AccorHot List: Ways to travelWhile destinations and accommodation are integral components of a trip  the journey can also be an experience unto itself. Trains are back in a big way  with slow travel and an increased focus on responsible tourism only gaining speed  according to CNT.The Orient Express La Dolce Vita is certainly highly anticipated. An Italian revival of the historic and glamorous Orient Express trains  travellers can embark on several iconic itineraries across 14 regions from Rome to Paris  Istanbul and Split. Set to welcome its first passengers in 2023.With timeworn ruins  sacred religious sites and glittering cities previously off-limits to tourists  Saudi Arabia should be on the list of places to travel to in the near future. Some soon-to-open stunning new hotels are currently under development  such as Banyan Tree AlUla and Rixos Obhur.Orient Express La Dolce Vita— Photo by AccorFor the full 2022 Hot List index click here.About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of more than 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and approximately 260 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.63,0.15,0.22,True,English,"['Condé Nast Traveller 2022 Hot List', 'award winning streak', 'Accor', 'The Orient Express La Dolce Vita', 'Sofitel Barú Calablanca Beach Resort', 'new Novotel Mexico City Toreo', 'glamorous Orient Express trains', 'serene Udai Sagar Lake', 'The Extra Hour Spa', 'first mixed-use rooftop sauna', '25hours Hotel One Centre', 'full 2022 Hot List index', 'world leading hospitality group', 'Condé Nast Traveller', 'top standout openings', 'golden sand beaches', 'Fairmont Taghazout Bay', 'coming business district', 'buzzy creative hub', 'affordable, cultural mecca', 'extensive workspace amenities', 'perfect bleisure destination', 'Banyan Tree AlUla', 'sacred religious sites', 'integrated hospitality ecosystems', 'creative hospitality company', '21-acre private island', 'private ornamental gardens', 'new Raffles flagship', 'several iconic itineraries', 'best new hotels', 'Top new hotels', 'stunning new hotels', 'seven worldwide editions', 'economy hotel brands', 'Accor Raffles Udaipur', 'Accor Hot List', 'Isla Barú', 'One Central', 'luxury resort', 'expansive spa', 'rooftop pool', 'first passengers', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'new opening', 'New additions', 'private residences', 'hot weather', 'founder-built brands', 'distinctive brands', 'several properties', 'coveted list', 'world-class portfolio', 'four locations', 'encompassing look', 'unparalleled luxury', '101 elegant rooms', 'handcrafted furniture', 'azure waters', 'extraordinary sunsets', 'pristine beachfront', 'Atlas Mountains', 'sun-drenched rooms', 'ocean vistas', 'transportive treatments', 'natural beauty', 'picturesque property', 'French DNA', '187 chic rooms', 'environmental sustainability', 'architectural design', 'lively space', 'modern day', 'ancient traditions', 'quirky design', 'magnetic pull', 'Saudi Arabia', 'global tourism', 'avant-garde design', 'integral components', 'big way', 'responsible tourism', 'Italian revival', 'timeworn ruins', 'glittering cities', 'near future', 'Rixos Obhur', 'concierge services', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'global collective', 'unrivalled portfolio', 'Accor brands', 'travel outlet', 'slow travel', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'Amazigh culture', 'luxurious suites', 'fabulous food', '260,000 team members', 'accommodation properties', '2022 list', '5,300 properties', '10,000 food', 'ante', 'Enthralling', 'critics', 'guests', 'destinations', 'editors', 'entries', 'restaurants', 'transportation', 'cruises', 'middle', 'legacy', 'pools', 'docket', 'haven', 'choice', '18-hectares', 'oasis', 'essence', 'Caribbean', 'nature', '60 species', 'coral', 'Dubai', 'things', 'Bedouins', 'character', 'hammocks', 'Photo', 'doors', 'Ways', 'trip', 'journey', 'experience', 'focus', 'speed', 'CNT', 'historic', 'travellers', '14 regions', 'Rome', 'Paris', 'Istanbul', 'Split', 'limits', 'tourists', 'places', 'development', '110 countries', 'industry', 'diverse', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore', 'entrepreneurial', 'purpose', 'heart']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,hospitalitynet.org
4955,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000352.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company. Close of business 13 May 2022. Estimated NAV Euro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV €…,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 May 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.3091 £ 24.5971 Estimated MTD return -1.87 % -1.83 % Estimated YTD return -3.05 % -2.80 % Estimated ITD return 183.09 % 145.97 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.34 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.69 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.1381 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.0242The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,ca.sports.yahoo.com
4956,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000183.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company. Close of business 13 May 2022. Estimated NAV Euro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV €…,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 May 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.3091 £ 24.5971 Estimated MTD return -1.87 % -1.83 % Estimated YTD return -3.05 % -2.80 % Estimated ITD return 183.09 % 145.97 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.34 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.69 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.1381 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.0242The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,ca.sports.yahoo.com
4957,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/italian-exhibition-group-first-quarter-2022-exceeds-expectations-301546929.html,Italian Exhibition Group  first quarter 2022 exceeds expectations,January's pandemic peak did not stop the exhibition and congress Group RIMINI  Italy  May 16  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- IEG - Italian Exhibition Group  a company listed on Euronext Milan  closed the first three months of 2022 brilliantly. Just recently  in fact  I…,"According to Corrado Peraboni  CEO of IEG: ""The participation recorded during the events of this first quarter and the results achieved  both in terms of volume and in maintaining the pricing applied  suggest that we can put the darkest period of this pandemic  which dealt a severe blow to trade shows all over the world  behind us. In March  we organised international trade fairs of primary importance for the Group  such as Vicenzaoro and Sigep  standard-bearers of Made in Italy in the world for jewellery and food respectively. The figures show that we were able to look beyond in order to achieve our objectives and further growth.""The Group's EBITDA  equal to EUR 7.0 million  is also on the rise: + EUR 14.2 million compared to the same quarter in 2021 when it recorded a loss of EUR 7.2 million.""The coming months "" Peraboni adds  ""will see the successive staging of every event in IEG's portfolio  including the biennial events  and this is yet another good sign."" Upcoming events include RiminiWellness  TTG Travel Experience and Ecomondo.The congress area also performed well: in the first quarter of 2022  12 congresses were held at the two venues of Rimini's Palacongressi and the Vicenza Convention Centre  generating joint revenues of 1.5 million euros and showing a recovery of 1.3 million euros compared to the same period in 2021.Italian Exhibition Group S.p.A.  a joint stock company listed on Euronext Milan  a regulated market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  has  with its facilities in Rimini and Vicenza  achieved national leadership over the years in the organisation of trade shows and conferences. The development of activities abroad - also through joint-ventures with global or local organisers  in the United States  United Arab Emirates  China  Mexico  Brazil and India  for example – now sees the company positioned among the top European operators in the sector.Italian Exhibition Group Press Contacts  Press Office Manager:Marco Forcellini[email protected]International Press Office Coordinator:Silvia Giorgi[email protected]P. +39-0541-744814Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/723307/Italian_Exhibition_Group_Logo.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1817613/IEG_Corrado_Peraboni.jpgSOURCE Italian Exhibition Group",neutral,0.14,0.83,0.03,mixed,0.54,0.13,0.34,True,English,"['Italian Exhibition Group', 'first quarter', 'expectations', 'Italian Exhibition Group S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Italian Exhibition Group Press Contacts', 'SOURCE Italian Exhibition Group', 'International Press Office Coordinator', 'Press Office Manager', 'TTG Travel Experience', 'top European operators', 'international trade fairs', 'United Arab Emirates', 'Vicenza Convention Centre', 'joint stock company', 'The Group', 'joint revenues', 'United States', 'trade shows', 'first quarter', 'darkest period', 'severe blow', 'primary importance', 'same quarter', 'coming months', 'successive staging', 'good sign', 'congress area', 'two venues', '1.5 million euros', '1.3 million euros', 'same period', 'Euronext Milan', 'regulated market', 'national leadership', 'local organisers', 'Marco Forcellini', 'Silvia Giorgi', 'biennial events', 'Upcoming events', 'Corrado Peraboni', 'CEO', 'IEG', 'participation', 'results', 'terms', 'volume', 'pricing', 'pandemic', 'world', 'March', 'Vicenzaoro', 'Sigep', 'standard-bearers', 'Italy', 'jewellery', 'food', 'figures', 'order', 'objectives', 'growth', 'EBITDA', 'rise', 'loss', 'portfolio', 'RiminiWellness', 'Ecomondo', '12 congresses', 'Palacongressi', 'recovery', 'facilities', 'years', 'organisation', 'conferences', 'development', 'activities', 'joint-ventures', 'global', 'China', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'India', 'example', 'sector', 'Logo', 'prnewswire', 'Photo']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,prnewswire.com
4958,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesstoday.in/latest/world/story/indias-export-ban-sends-eu-wheat-to-near-all-time-highs-333819-2022-05-16,India's export ban sends EU wheat to near all-time highs,Most traded wheat on the Chicago Board of Trade was also 5.9% higher  trading at its daily limit.,"European wheat soared to near all-time highs on Monday after India said it was closing its doors on wheat exports to cool local prices and ensure its supplies as a scorching heatwave curtailed output.Benchmark September milling wheat on Paris-based Euronext was up 5.9% at 441.25 euros ($459.43) a tonne by 1550 GMT after touching 443.25 euros in earlier trade  not far from the all-time high for a front-month contract of 450 euros a tonne briefly hit in early March.Most traded wheat on the Chicago Board of Trade was also 5.9% higher  trading at its daily limit.India banned wheat exports on Saturday as a heatwave curtailed output and domestic prices soared  marking a policy U-turn after the government maintained just days earlier it was still targeting record exports of 10 million tonnes that would help compensate for Ukraine's reduced supply.Concerns about ongoing dry weather in France  expected to have negative effects on winter grain yields  and in the United States were also supporting prices.Many parts of France  the European Union's largest grain grower and exporter  experienced rainstorms in the night to Monday but these were not sufficient  the head of France's largest farm union said.Crop data released on Friday showed conditions for French wheat and barley crops had declined as dry weather persisted.""The EU and U.S. have suffered from adverse crop conditions. Other origins are too small to move the needle. The biggest wheat importers are going to be more and more dependent on wheat from Russia  with all the uncertainty that entails "" said Carlos Mera  head of agri commodities research at Rabobank.",neutral,0.04,0.75,0.21,negative,0.01,0.17,0.82,True,English,"['export ban', 'EU wheat', 'time highs', 'India', 'scorching heatwave curtailed output', 'winter grain yields', 'largest grain grower', 'agri commodities research', 'largest farm union', 'ongoing dry weather', 'biggest wheat importers', 'adverse crop conditions', 'European Union', 'Crop data', 'time highs', 'September milling', 'Paris-based Euronext', 'front-month contract', 'early March', 'Chicago Board', 'daily limit', 'policy U-turn', 'record exports', '10 million tonnes', 'reduced supply', 'negative effects', 'United States', 'Many parts', 'barley crops', 'U.S.', 'Other origins', 'Carlos Mera', 'European wheat', 'wheat exports', 'French wheat', 'local prices', 'domestic prices', 'earlier trade', 'Monday', 'India', 'doors', 'supplies', 'Benchmark', '441.25 euros', '1550 GMT', '443.25 euros', '450 euros', 'Saturday', 'government', 'Ukraine', 'Concerns', 'France', 'exporter', 'rainstorms', 'night', 'head', 'Friday', 'needle', 'Russia', 'uncertainty', 'Rabobank']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,businesstoday.in
4959,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesstoday.in/latest/world/story/chicago-wheat-futures-soar-6-as-india-bans-exports-333767-2022-05-16,Chicago wheat futures soar 6% as India bans exports,The Indian export ban also comes as harsh weather  including drought in the southern U.S. Plains and parts of France  are reducing production potential in other major exporting countries.,"Chicago wheat futures climbed by nearly 6% on Monday after India banned exports of the grain  an abrupt policy change that fanned concern about global supply strained by Russia's invasion of Ukraine.India's embargo  prompted by a heatwave that has cut harvest prospects and sent domestic prices soaring  has hit hopes of record wheat shipments from the country in the coming year that would alleviate war-reduced supply from Ukraine.The Indian export ban also comes as harsh weather  including drought in the southern U.S. Plains and parts of France  are reducing production potential in other major exporting countries.""The situation is getting more complicated on the international market  with Saturday's decision by India "" consultancy Agritel said.The most active wheat contract on the Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT) earlier rose by its 70-cent daily limit  or almost 6%  to $12.47-1/2 a bushel  the highest level since March 9. By 0755 GMT it was up 5.3%.Euronext wheat  the European benchmark  which reached contract highs last week to approach record levels set in March  is expected to rally in opening trade later on Monday.Export curbs by India had been rumoured in recent days as the impact of the heat wave continued to grow  with many traders and analysts seeing the wheat crop falling below 100 million tonnes  compared with a reduced official forecast of 105 million tonnes earlier this month.Traders were assessing how much wheat would nonetheless be shipped from India  given the authorisation of existing export sales covered by letters of credit and government-to-government deals to meet food security needs.Egypt said on Sunday that it had agreed to buy half a million tonnes of wheat from India and the purchase would be exempt from the export embargo.In widely followed data last week  the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) projected world stocks would decline to a six-year low in 2022/23.In France  overnight storms brought some rain relief to parched crop belts but the country's main farm union said more regular precipitation was needed as cereal crops matured.Traders will be watching weekly U.S. crop data later on Monday for an update on wheat conditions and progress in corn and soybean planting  which has been delayed by cool  wet weather.CBOT corn climbed 2.5% to $8.00-1/2 a bushel  while CBOT soybeans rose 0.9% to $16.60-1/2 a bushel.",neutral,0.02,0.79,0.19,negative,0.02,0.18,0.81,True,English,"['Chicago wheat futures', 'India', 'exports', 'weekly U.S. crop data', 'southern U.S. Plains', 'other major exporting countries', 'half a million tonnes', 'U.S. Department', 'abrupt policy change', '70-cent daily limit', 'food security needs', 'main farm union', 'Indian export ban', 'existing export sales', 'cool, wet weather', 'Chicago wheat futures', 'record wheat shipments', 'active wheat contract', '100 million tonnes', '105 million tonnes', 'wheat crop', 'crop belts', 'harsh weather', 'Chicago Board', 'contract highs', 'record levels', 'Export curbs', 'Euronext wheat', 'wheat conditions', 'global supply', 'harvest prospects', 'domestic prices', 'coming year', 'war-reduced supply', 'production potential', 'international market', 'highest level', 'European benchmark', 'recent days', 'heat wave', 'official forecast', 'government deals', 'export embargo', 'world stocks', 'year low', 'overnight storms', 'rain relief', 'regular precipitation', 'cereal crops', 'soybean planting', 'CBOT soybeans', 'opening trade', 'many traders', 'CBOT corn', 'Monday', 'exports', 'grain', 'concern', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'heatwave', 'hopes', 'country', 'drought', 'parts', 'France', 'situation', 'Saturday', 'decision', 'consultancy', 'Agritel', 'bushel', 'March', '0755 GMT', 'impact', 'analysts', 'authorisation', 'letters', 'credit', 'Egypt', 'Sunday', 'purchase', 'Agriculture', 'USDA', 'six', 'update', 'progress']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,businesstoday.in
4960,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wolters-kluwer-esg-expert-provides-analysis-on-secs-historic-proposed-disclosure-rules-on-climate-change-301548007.html,Wolters Kluwer ESG Expert Provides Analysis on SEC's Historic Proposed Disclosure Rules on Climate Change,Wolters Kluwer senior legal analyst highlights recent developments on the SEC's proposed disclosure rules in light of the public comment period's new June 17 deadline NEW YORK  May 16  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- What: ESG Spotlight Why: On March 21  2022  the Secur…,"Why: On March 21  2022  the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued proposed rules that would impose substantial new disclosure obligations for SEC registrants and require public companies to include extensive climate-related information in their public filings. With the recent 30-day extension to the proposal's original May 20th end date for public comment  battle lines over the proposed rules are starting to emerge as interested parties weigh in on the rules' potential reach and impacts.In defending the SEC's historic risk disclosure proposal at a recent public briefing  SEC Chairman Gary Gensler underscored that the agency's core bargain with investors from the 1930s that investors get to decide which risks to take  as long as public companies provide full and fair disclosures. Gensler again asserted the need for SEC action to mandate climate-related disclosures and information relevant to investors' decisions. Meanwhile  members of Congress from both sides of the aisle are voicing opposition to the proposal with promises of court action if the rules are approved in their current form.Who: Brad Rosen  J.D.  Senior Legal AnalystBrad Rosen is a Senior Legal Analyst for Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. For more than 25 years  Brad served as general counsel for a number of firms involved in the financial markets and has provided legal counsel across a wide range of transactional and litigation matters. Brad's areas of expertise and focus include legal and regulatory developments related to climate change  sustainability  and ESG matters  futures and derivatives  and digital assets. Brad also closely tracks legal practice and technological innovation.""With congressional and industry opponents claiming the SEC's proposed climate rules far exceed the agency's legal authority  Chairman Gensler appears to be readying for a legal fight by focusing on the Commission's 'long tradition' of mandating relevant risk disclosures  as well as overwhelming demands from investors for consistent  comparable and useful information on climate-related risks."" — Brad Rosen  J.D.  Wolters Kluwer Senior Legal AnalystContact: To arrange an interview with Brad Rosen or other legal experts from Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. on this or any other legal related topics  please contact Linda Gharib: [email protected]About Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Wolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk  and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on LinkedIn   Twitter   Facebook   and YouTube .MEDIA CONTACT:Linda GharibDirector  Brand & CommunicationsWolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Tel: +1 (646) 887-7962Email: [email protected]SOURCE Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.",neutral,0.03,0.88,0.1,negative,0.02,0.21,0.77,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer ESG Expert', 'Historic Proposed Disclosure Rules', 'Climate Change', 'Analysis', 'SEC', 'original May 20th end date', 'substantial new disclosure obligations', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Wolters Kluwer Senior Legal Analyst', 'other legal related topics', 'historic risk disclosure proposal', 'SEC Chairman Gary Gensler', 'other legal experts', 'recent 30-day extension', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'Regulatory U.S.', 'recent public briefing', 'relevant risk disclosures', 'Linda Gharib Director', 'extensive climate-related information', 'Chairman Gensler', 'regulatory developments', 'regulatory sectors', 'legal counsel', 'legal practice', 'legal authority', 'legal fight', 'climate-related disclosures', 'fair disclosures', 'public companies', 'public filings', 'public comment', 'battle lines', 'interested parties', 'potential reach', 'core bargain', 'court action', 'current form', 'J.D.', 'general counsel', 'financial markets', 'wide range', 'litigation matters', 'climate change', 'ESG matters', 'digital assets', 'technological innovation', 'industry opponents', 'long tradition', 'overwhelming demands', 'consistent, comparable', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'climate-related risks', 'SEC registrants', 'SEC action', 'useful information', 'professional information', 'Brad Rosen', 'Exchange Commission', 'MEDIA CONTACT', ""investors' decisions"", 'climate rules', 'Why', 'March', 'Securities', 'impacts', 'agency', '1930s', 'full', 'need', 'members', 'Congress', 'sides', 'aisle', 'opposition', 'promises', '25 years', 'number', 'firms', 'transactional', 'areas', 'expertise', 'focus', 'sustainability', 'futures', 'derivatives', 'interview', 'email', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Brand', 'Communications', 'Tel', 'SOURCE']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,prnewswire.com
4961,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/rufflebutts-selects-centric-plm-as-their-product-development-foundation-301547181.html,RuffleButts Selects Centric PLM™ as their Product Development Foundation,Kids swimwear company makes efficiency a priority to enable growth CAMPBELL  Calif.  May 16  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- RuffleButts  the kids' swimwear and clothing company  has selected Centric Software®'s Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solution. Centric Softw…,"Based in a suburb of Dallas-Fort Worth  Texas  RuffleButts was founded 15 years ago starting with ruffled bloomers for baby girls  hence the name. The company creates joyful clothing for the treasured years of childhood. RuggedButts for boys was added later  offering a full wardrobe for girls and boys all the way into the tween years.""Our growth rate right now is phenomenal. I wanted to make sure that whatever company we chose could scale with us.""Audrie Garcia  Production & Design Manager at RuffleButts  says  ""We're growing quite a bit and adding new product categories  new sizing—and it was just getting to be a lot to manage."" She talks about the manual work and duplicate data entry in a typical product development cycle  adding  ""We have hundreds of Google sheets for specs alone. Then we have different sheets for our color library  and a SKU creation doc on another sheet.""There were many steps on the creative side as well. Designers would have to copy-paste their designs from Adobe™ Illustrator to a digital project board in the design phase. When the project moves on to development or production  the design gets re-entered into another sheet where tech packs are created and is finally sent to the factory  often via email. Garcia says  ""We're entering data in multiple spots. And things just get lost or missed  or someone changes the size in one doc but forgets to change it in another... We want to streamline the process overall.""On top of all that  being in the children's apparel category subjects the company to strict regulations to comply with government safety standards. Garcia says  ""There are so many rules  for example  no lead in the thread  zippers  buttons and obviously  flammability. We save that information on our internal shared drive  but you can't access it outside of the office. And it isn't currently linked back to any product. I may know that we have a testing document for certain products and where to go find it  but there's not an easy way for anyone  other than me  to know that this product has been tested.""RuffleButts decided on PLM as a strategy and evaluated a few providers. Much research and several demos took place over the course of a year. One of the most important features Garcia says  is ""scalability  because our growth rate right now is phenomenal. I wanted to make sure that whatever company we chose could scale with us. The PLM had to have capabilities beyond just the product team—we may want to bring in more users like marketing  our e-commerce team  or our buyers and planners. During the demos  I eventually noticed that Centric was one of the only companies I saw that allows for that without going through a lot of hoop jumping.""Garcia expects to save a considerable amount of time once they are fully up and running. She states  ""I did the math a while ago. Overall  we will save about a week and a half's worth of work per season  just on the product engineering or data information side. On the design side  the Adobe Connect plugin is great to link Adobe Illustrator directly with Centric PLM; designers won't have to leave Illustrator  eliminating many of their repetitive tasks. It'll also help with calendar management and sample status—looking at the Centric home screen  I could have a widget on my dashboard that tells me the status at a glance.""Chris Groves  President and CEO of Centric says  ""We are pleased to be partnering with RuffleButts  a fresh  rapidly growing company in the apparel space. They bring fun and functional clothing to families  and we are thrilled to have been selected as their partner.""Learn more about Centric PLMRequest a DemoRuffleButts (www.rufflebutts.com)We create joyful clothing for the treasured years of childhood. Built on a foundation of gratitude  we strive to share smiles with everyone along the way. Who can say ""RuffleButts"" without a grin?!RuffleButts started small  a little idea pursued with passion. We place high value on gratitude and humbleness  while driven by determination and grit to deliver a wow-worthy customer experience. Our customers are amazing - intelligent  kind  enthusiastic  and so extremely supportive of our brands. Our best decisions are driven by your suggestions  as our company continues to grow beyond our wildest dreams. The company started with RuffleButts  then added RuggedButts for boys. We quickly expanded beyond our namesake RuffleButt Bloomer and now offer a full wardrobe for girls and boys all the way into their tween years. The one thing that hasn't changed is our dedication to quality  hand-me-down quality with a touchable difference  evidenced by our 50 000+ five-star reviews. When you're happy  we're happy - full circle smiles!Centric Software (www.centricsoftware.com)From its headquarters in Silicon Valley  Centric Software® provides a Product Concept to Consumer Digital Transformation Platform for fashion  retail  footwear  luxury  outdoor  consumer electronics and consumer goods including cosmetics and personal care and food and beverage. Centric's flagship Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) platform  Centric PLM™  delivers enterprise-class merchandise planning  product development  sourcing  quality and product portfolio optimization innovations specifically for fast-moving consumer industries. Centric Visual Innovation Platform (CVIP) offers highly visual digital board experiences for collaboration and decision-making. Centric Retail Planning is an innovative  cloud-native solution powered by Armonica Retail S.R.L.  that delivers an end-to-end retail planning process designed to maximize retail business performance. Centric Software pioneered mobility  introducing the first mobile apps for PLM  and is widely known for connectivity to dozens of other enterprise systems including ERP  DAM  PIM  e-com  planning and more as well as creative tools such as Adobe® Illustrator and a host of 3D CAD connectors. Centric's innovations are 100% market-driven with the highest user adoption rate and fastest time to value in the industry. All Centric innovations shorten time to market  boost product innovation and reduce costs.Centric Software is majority-owned by Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: #13065  DSY.PA)  the world leader in 3D design software  3D digital mock-up and PLM solutions.Centric Software has received multiple industry awards and recognition  including being named by Red Herring to its Top 100 Global list in 2013  2015 and 2016. Centric also received various excellence awards from Frost & Sullivan in 2012  2016  2018 and 2021.Centric Software is a registered trademark of Centric Software Inc. All other brands and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.SOURCE Centric Software",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.67,0.09,0.23,True,English,"['Product Development Foundation', 'Centric PLM™', 'RuffleButts', 'Consumer Digital Transformation Platform', 'fresh, rapidly growing company', 'flagship Product Lifecycle Management', 'typical product development cycle', 'government safety standards', 'internal shared drive', 'worthy customer experience', 'namesake RuffleButt Bloomer', '50,000+ five-star reviews', 'outdoor, consumer electronics', 'SKU creation doc', 'digital project board', 'duplicate data entry', 'Adobe Connect plugin', 'new product categories', 'Centric home screen', 'data information side', 'calendar management', 'consumer goods', 'new sizing', 'one doc', 'product team', 'product engineering', 'Product Concept', 'creative side', 'design side', 'ruffled bloomers', 'joyful clothing', 'treasured years', 'full wardrobe', 'tween years', 'growth rate', 'Google sheets', 'different sheets', 'color library', 'many steps', 'Adobe™ Illustrator', 'tech packs', 'multiple spots', 'apparel category', 'strict regulations', 'many rules', 'testing document', 'important features', 'hoop jumping', 'considerable amount', 'Adobe Illustrator', 'repetitive tasks', 'Chris Groves', 'apparel space', 'functional clothing', 'little idea', 'high value', 'best decisions', 'wildest dreams', 'one thing', 'touchable difference', 'full circle', 'Silicon Valley', 'personal care', 'Design Manager', 'design phase', 'Centric Software', 'The PLM', 'Dallas-Fort Worth', 'manual work', 'easy way', 'several demos', 'sample status', 'Centric PLM', 'baby girls', 'Audrie Garcia', 'suburb', 'Texas', 'RuffleButts', 'childhood', 'RuggedButts', 'boys', 'Production', 'hundreds', 'specs', 'Designers', 'designs', 'factory', 'email', 'things', 'someone', 'size', 'process', 'top', 'children', 'example', 'lead', 'thread', 'zippers', 'buttons', 'flammability', 'office', 'products', 'strategy', 'providers', 'Much', 'research', 'place', 'course', 'scalability', 'capabilities', 'users', 'marketing', 'buyers', 'planners', 'companies', 'time', 'math', 'week', 'season', 'widget', 'dashboard', 'glance', 'President', 'CEO', 'families', 'partner', 'foundation', 'gratitude', 'smiles', 'everyone', 'grin', 'passion', 'humbleness', 'determination', 'grit', 'wow', 'customers', 'brands', 'suggestions', 'dedication', 'quality', 'centricsoftware', 'headquarters', 'fashion', 'retail', 'footwear', 'luxury', 'cosmetics', 'food', 'beverage']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,prnewswire.com
4962,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aramis-group-2022-first-half-154000870.html,Aramis Group - 2022 first-half results: very strong growth in refurbished vehicle sales in a disrupted market,PRESS RELEASE Arcueil  May 16  2022 2022 first-half resultsVery strong growth in refurbished vehicle sales in a disrupted market Results at March 31  2022...,ARAMIS GROUPPRESS RELEASEArcueil  May 16  20222022 first-half resultsVery strong growth in refurbished vehicle salesin a disrupted marketResults at March 31  2022  first half of the fiscal year ending September 30  2022Revenues of €872.6 million  up +47% pro forma 1 compared with the first half of 2021 and +78% on a reported basis. Very robust growth  reflecting a high level of customer satisfaction (NPS 2 of 68 at end-March 2022) thanks to the outstanding work and dedication of the Group’s teams across each of its geographiesVery strong growth in refurbished car sales  climbing +91% pro forma to €575.0 million  driven by a significant increase in volumes  up +56%  highlighting the success of Aramis Group’s value proposition and its strategy for acceleration on this segment. Marked contraction in sales of pre-registered cars  due to a lack of sufficient supplies against a backdrop of a shortage of new vehiclesGross profit per unit (GPU) of €2 311  virtually stable at high levels  significantly higher than the figures recorded by other European operators  illustrating the efficiency and effectiveness of the Group’s unique  digital  vertically integrated business modelAdjusted EBITDA of €2.9 million  positive despite the unprecedented market context faced by the pre-registered vehicle segmentOver the coming quarters  Aramis Group expects to see the following developments: in the refurbished vehicle segment  positive trends to continue for its volumes sold; in the pre-registered vehicle segment  volumes to continue to be affected by the complex sourcing environment; for vehicles overall  sales prices to remain high faced with continued disruption on the new vehicle market; and lastly  the Group to record one of the market’s highest margin levels (GPU) in EuropeRecap on the 2022 full-year objectives: 1/ total revenues of over €1.7 billion; 2/ B2C refurbished vehicle volume growth of over +45%; 3/ positive adjusted EBITDA.Aramis Group [Ticker: ARAMI – ISIN: FR0014003U94]  a European leader for B2C online used car sales  operating the Aramisauto  Cardoen  Clicars and CarSupermarket brands in France  Belgium  Spain and the UK respectively  is today reporting its results for the first half of the fiscal year ending September 30  2022.Story continuesNicolas Chartier and Guillaume Paoli  co-founders3 of Aramis Group:“During the first half of 2022  Aramis Group successfully maintained a firm focus on its strategic and operational priorities  once again recording very strong growth in its refurbished vehicle sales  across each of its geographies  despite an increasingly complex macroeconomic and car market context. We are particularly proud of our teams’ continued dedication and collective spirit  ensuring the satisfaction of our customers  as well as the Group’s high level of agility with our multi-channel sourcing  the use of our refurbishing capabilities  and the optimization of our supply chain. Refurbishing and selling an additional 12 000 refurbished vehicles  +56% compared with the first half of 2021  represents a true industrial performance  illustrating the relevance of our unique vertically integrated business model  particularly since half of the refurbished vehicles sold over this period had previously been acquired from private owners. Aramis Group is perfectly positioned today to continue moving forward with its roadmap and become the preferred digital platform across Europe for buying and selling used cars online”.2022 FIRST-HALF BUSINESSDuring the first half of 2022  ended March 31  the Group recorded revenues of €872.6 million  up +47.5% from the first half of 2021 pro forma and +77.7% on a reported basis. In a complex market environment  Aramis Group faced two opposite trends.On the one hand  the Group’s business in the refurbished vehicle segment  its strategic priority and representing more than 80% of its B2C volumes during the first half of 2022  saw very strong growth  highlighting the success of Aramis Group’s value proposition  focused at all times on ensuring customer satisfaction.On the other hand  business in the pre-registered vehicle segment was significantly affected by the very limited availability of new vehicles  the difficulties faced by production lines against a backdrop of a shortage of semiconductors  further compounded in recent months by the war in Ukraine.Overview of volumes and revenues2022 first-half B2C volumesIn units Pro forma Reported basis H1 2022 H1 2021 Change (%) H1 2022 H1 2021 Change (%) Refurbished cars 33 385 21 417 +55.9% 33 385 15 568 +114.4% Pre-registered cars 7 832 14 204 -44.9% 7 832 14 204 -44.9% Total Volumes B2C 41 217 35 621 +15.7% 41 217 29 772 +38.4%2022 first-half revenuesBy segmentIn millions of euros Pro forma Reported basis H1 2022 H1 2021 Change (%) H1 2022 H1 2021 Change (%) Refurbished cars 575.0 301.5 +90.7% 575.0 221.8 +159.3% Pre-registered cars 151.3 208.0 -27.2% 151.3 208.0 -27.2% Total B2C 726.4 509.5 +42.6% 726.4 429.8 +69.0% Total B2B 99.5 50.5 +97.3% 99.5 36.4 +173.3% Total Services 46.7 31.8 +46.8% 46.7 24.8 +87.9% Revenues 872.6 591.8 +47.5% 872.6 490.9 +77.7%By countryIn millions of euros Pro forma Reported basis H1 2022 H1 2021 Change (%) H1 2022 H1 2021 Change (%) France 359.2 302.0 +19.0% 359.2 302.0 +19.0% Belgium 116.4 86.9 +34.0% 116.4 86.9 +34.0% Spain 187.0 78.6 +138.0% 187.0 78.6 +138.0% UK 210.0 124.4 +68.8% 210.0 23.6 +791.4% Revenues 872.6 591.8 +47.5% 872.6 490.9 +77.7%Analysis of revenues by segmentB2C – sales of cars to private customers (83% of revenues)Revenues for the B2C segment - corresponding to sales of refurbished and pre-registered cars to private customers – totaled €726.4 million for the first half of 2022  up +42.6% pro forma compared with the first half of 2021 and +69.0% on a reported basis.Revenues for the refurbished cars segment came to €575.0 million  up +90.7% pro forma compared with the first half of 2021 and +159.3% on a reported basis. 33 385 vehicles were delivered  up +55.9% pro forma and +114.4% on a reported basis  reflecting the growing success of Aramis Group’s offer with its customers across Europe.To support this very strong growth around healthy and sustainable foundations  the Group has accelerated the opening of new refurbishing centers in the last few months and further strengthened its agility in terms of sourcing. Across each of its geographies  the Group’s very strong focus on buying B2C vehicles from private customers through its digital platforms (51% of the refurbished vehicles sold during the first half of 2022 were purchased from private owners vs 33% in the first half of 2021) has enabled it to ensure the depth of its selection available online for customers  as well as a continuous flow of cars to be refurbished. The Group maintained a very high NPS  with 68 at end-March 2022.Reflecting the widespread increase in vehicle prices across all segments  the unit sales price for the refurbished cars sold by Aramis Group during the first half of 2022 came in significantly higher than the first half of 2021  up +22.3%.Revenues for the pre-registered cars segment came to €151.3 million  with a marked contraction of-27.2% versus the first half of 2021. 7 832 units were sold during the first half of 2022  with the volume down -44.9% due to the major difficulties experienced with sourcing this type of vehicle  linked to the major disruption affecting production lines for new cars. Prices also show strong growth  achieving a unit average increase of +32.0% compared with the first half of 2021.B2B – sales of cars to professional customers (11% of revenues)Revenues for the B2B segment totaled €99.5 million during the first half of 2022  driven by very strong growth of +97.3% pro forma in relation to the first half of 2021 and +173.3% on a reported basis. This growth reflects the increase in prices and in the sourcing of vehicles from private owners  some of which are resold to professionals (mainly vehicles over eight years old or 150 000 km).Services (6% of revenues)Lastly  services generated €46.7 million of revenues during the first half of 2022  up +46.8% pro forma compared with the first half of 2021 and +87.9% on a reported basis. The penetration rate for financing solutions maintained its positive trend  while Aramis Group continued to further strengthen its range of services  particularly through extended warranties. The Group intends to continue ramping up its innovations in terms of services  which represent one of the three pillars from its ambitious growth strategy.Analysis of revenues by countryFrance (41% of revenues)Revenues for the first half of 2022 are up +19.0% compared with the first half of 2021 to €359.2 million. This robust trend reflects an excellent performance on the refurbished vehicle segment  with its volumes sold up +47% from the first half of 2021 and nearly offsetting the contraction in volumes by around half over the same period for pre-registered vehicles  a segment that Aramis Group has historically had strong exposure to in this geography. The change in the average unit sales price also contributed to revenue growth. In terms of refurbishment  the Group is able to capitalize on the major in-house capacity in place at its Donzère site  which will be joined very soon by the Nemours site  where it will inaugurate its second refurbishing center in France in June. In terms of sourcing  the number of vehicles purchased from private owners virtually doubled during the first half of 2022 compared with the first half of 2021  illustrating the flexibility offered by the Group’s multi-channel sourcing.Belgium (13% of revenues)2022 first-half revenues are up +34.0% from the first half of 2021 to €116.4 million. Refurbished vehicle sales are up +250% compared with the first half of 2021  clearly more than offsetting the contraction in pre-registered vehicle ones  a segment that Aramis Group has also historically had strong exposure to in Belgium. This very strong performance was achieved thanks to the work of the Belgian teams  ramping up the Antwerp refurbishing center following its inauguration in November 2021  as well as the French and Group teams  who have been working for several months to integrate inventory between the two countries. In 2019  Aramis Group sold less than 10% of the refurbished cars in Belgium  compared with more than 50% today. This trend is also supported by the sourcing of used vehicles from private owners  tripling during the first half of 2022 compared with the first half of 2021. An increase was also recorded in the average unit sales price.Spain (22% of revenues)Revenues for the first half of 2022 totaled €187.0 million  a very significant increase of +138.0% versus the same period in 2021. The volumes of refurbished vehicles sold increased by around +75%. The higher average unit sales price achieved was also a major factor behind this performance. The number of vehicles acquired from private owners was multiplied by nearly 7x compared with the first half of 2021. Aramis Group’s business in Spain has virtually zero exposure to the pre-registered vehicle segment.United Kingdom (24% of revenues)Revenues for the first half of 2022 reached €210.0 million  up +68.8% on a pro forma basis compared with the first half of 2021. The refurbished vehicle volumes sold rose +30%  with the increase in the unit sales price making a similar contribution to growth. Sourcing from private owners was multiplied by nearly 2.5x. For reference  Aramis Group did not sell any pre-registered vehicles in the UK.INCOME STATEMENTThe income statement for the period highlights three key developments: 1/ strong consolidated revenues growth  despite the slowdown in the pre-registered vehicle segment  2/ the excellent level of the gross profit generated per unit of vehicle sold  highlighting the robust features of the Company’s vertically integrated business model  3/ a proactive increase in SG&A costs to enable Aramis Group to continue moving forward with its roadmap for very strong growth in its volumes over the coming years.Condensed income statementIn millions of euros Pro forma Reported basis H12022 H12021 Change (%) H12022 H12021 Change (%) Revenues 872.6 591.8 +47.5% 872.6 490.9 +77.7% Gross profit 95.2 84.2 +13.1% 95.2 72.2 +31.9% Gross profit per unit of B2C vehicle sold - GPU (€) 2 311 2  358 -2.0% 2 311 2 416 -4.4% Adjusted EBITDA 2.9 18.3 -84.1% 2.9 13.9 -79.0% Operating income -17.9 - - -17.9 2.8 N/A Net profit (loss) -20.3 - - -20.3 0.2 N/AGross marginFor the first half of 2022  the gross margin came to €95.2 million  up +13.1% pro forma compared with the first half of 2021. This change is linked to the increase in the volumes of refurbished vehicles sold  as well as the growing penetration rate in services. The gross profit per unit generated per B2C vehicle sold (GPU)  was €2 311  in line with the first half of 2021 (€2 358) and the full-year figure for FY 2021 (€2 292)  on a pro forma basis.This is significantly higher than the level recorded by its main European peers and reflects Aramis Group’s operational expertise  built up over the past 21 years since it was founded  while effectively commanding all the links in the value chain thanks to its vertically integrated business model  which is unique in Europe.Adjusted EBITDAFor the first half of 2022  adjusted EBITDA came to €2.9 million  compared with €18.3 million in the first half of 2021. The contraction compared with the same period in 2021 factors in the absorption of SG&A costs being less effective than expected due to the Group’s overall activity in terms of volumes - and therefore its overall gross profit in euros - coming in lower than expected  particularly in France  with the Group’s pre-registered vehicle sales significantly affected by the shortage of new cars as explained previously.Sales  general and administrative (SG&A) costs totaled €92.4 million for the first half of 2022  up +40.2% pro forma compared with the first half of 2021  and +12.4% versus the second half of 2021.This amount includes €21.2 million of marketing costs  up +53.9% pro forma from the first half of 2021 and +16.6% compared with the second half of 2021. As already announced  Aramis Group maintained its marketing investments  continuing to ramp up its efforts to generate traffic with a view to both boosting its online sales and promoting its offer to buy vehicles from private customers. The Group also continued to invest in its brands.Labor costs came to €42.6 million  up +42.1% pro forma from the first half of 2021 and +13.0% compared with the second half of 2021. For reference  in 2021  Aramis Group began consolidating its teams in order to put in place the capacity needed to deliver an always more efficient and effective response to the demand from European customers for quality vehicles  enabling it to continue to generate very strong growth in its volumes over the coming years. Since its IPO mid-2021  the Group has also further strengthened several of its corporate departments  focusing in particular on compliance  structuring and control.As for delivery costs  they amounted to €13.6 million  up +15.5% pro forma from the first half of 2021 and down -2.9% compared with the second half of 2021.Lastly  other SG&A represent €14.9 million  up +44.0% pro forma from the first half of 2021 and +21.7% compared with the second half of 2021.Operating incomeOperating income for the first half of 2022 totaled -€17.9 million. This amount includes €8.7 million of personnel expenses relating to acquisitions  €1.3 million of personnel expenses relating to share-based payments  €0.8 million of transaction-related costs and €10.1 million of depreciation charges.Net profit (loss)The net loss for the first half of 2022 came to -€20.3 million. It includes -€1.6 million of financial income and expenses and a -€0.8 million tax expense.CASH FLOW AND FINANCIAL STRUCTUREThe Group’s balance sheet includes virtually zero debt. Cash consumption for the first half of 2022 is linked primarily to building up the inventory of vehicles to be sold  as well as investments in new refurbishing capacity and the Group’s digital ecosystem.Inventory and operating working capital requirementsIn millions of euros Mar 31  2022 Sep 30  2021 Change (%) Inventories 264.6 173.8 +90.7 Trade receivables 26.0 23.7 +2.2 Other current assets (excl. non-operational items) 22.5 23.1 -0.6 Trade payables 56.0 46.6 +9.3 Other current liabilities (excl. non-operational items) 41.8 44.9 -3.1 Other items 0.8 0.7 +0.2 Operating working capital requirements 214.5 128.5 +86.0Inventory represented €264.6 million at March 31  2022. This €90.7 million increase compared with September 30  2021 reflects three factors: 1/ the widespread price inflation seen across all vehicle segments (for 25%); 2/ a mix effect linked to higher exposure to refurbished vehicles than previously for the Group’s business (for 58%); 3/ a proactive approach to build up surplus inventory to protect the Group against potential sourcing difficulties (for 17%). In a supply-based business like Aramis Group’s activity  this increase in inventory is making it possible to support the strong growth in business  offering an increasingly wide and diversified selection for European consumers looking to acquire used cars. The level of operating working capital requirements at March 31  2022 represents 48 days of revenues based on the last rolling12-month reported revenues.Cash positionIn millions of euros Mar 31  2022 Net cash at period-start 102.0 Adjusted EBITDA +2.9 Change in operating working capital requirements -86.0 Other operation-related cash flow -0.6 Capex -12.1 Other investment-related cash flow 0.0 Capital increase / decrease +0.1 Interest paid -0.6 IFRS 16 (interest and capital) -5.7 Other financing-related cash flow(excl. issuing and repayment of borrowings) -1.2 Net debt at period-end 1.2Net debt at March 31  2022 represented €1.2 million. The change over the period primarily reflects the operational cash consumption linked to the change in operating working capital requirements for-€86.0 million  as well as the acquisition of fixed assets for -€12.1 million  corresponding primarily to the Group’s investments in its new refurbishing centers and its technological platform.GOVERNANCE CHANGES AT CLICARSOn April 4  2022  Aramis Group announced certain changes to the leadership team of Clicars  its Spanish business unit.José Carlos del Valle  37  was appointed CEO of Clicars. With extensive experience in e-commerce and logistics  working for Amazon in particular  as well as one and a half years as Sales Director for Clicars  and an MBA from Harvard Business School  he will have a mission to consolidate the company’s roadmap for strong growth. To achieve this  he will be supported by a strong team of professionals  combining Clicars’ longstanding staff with the high-level profiles recruited recently.This change has been made in connection with Clicars’ two founders  Carlos Rivera and Pablo Fernandez  selling their remaining minority interest in this company’s capital. As stipulated in the shareholder agreement signed between Aramis Group and Clicars’ co-founders in 2017  and the agreement from April 19  2021  under which the Company and the two co-founders agreed for the put and call options to be exercised within 90 days of March 31  2022  they will sell their remaining interest in Clicars and will soon leave the Group.Following this operation  Aramis Group will hold 100% of the capital and voting rights of Clicars.This company was already fully consolidated in the Group’s accounts. Its governance will evolve to reflect the new shareholding structure.The development objectives and priorities for Clicars  as for all of the Aramis Group business units  will remain unchanged: selling a growing number of refurbished vehicles across Europe  guided primarily by the commitment to providing the best possible service for customers  capitalizing on the teams’ dedication and engagement  the Group’s technological and industrial know-how  and its strong position at the heart of a circular economy approach.OUTLOOKIn view of the size of the refurbished vehicle market  its significant fragmentation in all European countries  and Aramis Group’s very strong value proposition  the Group still has considerable potential for market share gains. Aramis Group will therefore continue to focus the majority of its resources on its strategy launched in 2019 for acceleration on this segment  which represented more than 80% of its B2C volumes during the first half of 2022.Alongside this  considering the difficulties faced by auto manufacturers to normalize their production  the pre-registered vehicle segment is not expected to see any tangible improvement over the coming months.The second part of 2022 will be marked in particular by the opening of two new refurbishing centers in Nemours (France) and Goole (UK). Following these openings  Aramis Group will own and operate six refurbishing centers  with an annual refurbishing capacity of 132 000 vehicles at end-2023. They will enable it to continue to provide its European customers with very high-quality refurbished vehicles at competitive prices and delivered in record time  and consolidate its leading positions in terms of its in-house capacity for industrial-scale refurbishing  its innovations  its local job creation and its commitment to a more sustainable development.Aramis Group is confirming its full-year objectives for 2022 as revised on April 19:Total revenues of over €1.7 billion;Growth of over +45% in refurbished car volumes;Positive EBITDA.These full-year objectives are like-for-like and do not include any assumption for a further significant deterioration in automotive market conditions or the current geopolitical situation.Aramis Group also reconfirm the medium and long-term ambitions set out at the time of its IPO  aiming to generate  on a like-for-like basis  at least €3 billion of revenues and a 3% adjusted EBITDA margin by 2025  and then at least €6 billion of revenues and an 8% adjusted EBITDA margin by 2030.***Status of the statutory auditors’ procedures:During its meeting on May 16  2022  Aramis Group’s Board of Directors approved the consolidated financial statements for the first half of FY 2022  ended March 31  2022. The procedures for a limited review of these accounts have been completed. The statutory auditors’ report on the half-year financial information is in the process of being issued.Next financial information:2022 third-quarter business: July 26  2022 (after market close)About Aramis GroupAramis Group is a leading European B2C platform for online used car sales  operating the Aramisauto  Cardoen  Clicars and CarSupermarket brands  in France  Belgium  Spain and the UK respectively. The Group is transforming the used car market and harnessing digital technology to support customer satisfaction with a fully vertically integrated business model. For the first half of FY 2022  Aramis Group generated revenues of €873 million  sold more than 41 000 vehicles B2C  and recorded more than 40 million visits to its websites.At end-March 2022  the Group had more than 1 800 employees  a network of 60 agencies and four industrial refurbishing sites. Aramis Group is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment A (Ticker: ARAMI – ISIN: FR0014003U94). For more information  visit www.aramis.group.Investors contactAlexandre LeroyHead of Investor Relationsalexandre.leroy@aramis.group+33 (0)6 58 80 50 24Press contactsBrunswickaramisgroup@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton +33 (0)6 79 99 27 15Alexia Gachet +33 (0)6 33 06 55 93DisclaimerCertain information included in this press release is not historical data but forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and assumptions  including  but not limited to  assumptions about current and future business strategies and the environment in which Aramis Group operates  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which may cause actual results or performance  or the results or other events  to be materially different from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those discussed or identified in Chapter 3 “Risk Factors” of the Universal Registration Document dated January 26  2022  approved by the AMF under number R. 22-004 and available on the Group’s website (www.aramis.group) and on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org). These forward-looking statements and information are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. This press release does not contain or constitute an offer of securities or an invitation or inducement to invest in securities in France  the United States or any other jurisdiction.APPENDICESCondensed net profit and lossIn thousands of euros H1 2021-22 H1 2020-21 Revenues 872 598 490 947 Other income - 52 Cost of goods and services sold (735 108) (401 311) Other purchases and external expenses (79 927) (45 478) Taxes other than income tax (3 088) (2 303) Personnel expenses (50 776) (27 642) Personnel expenses relating to share-based payments (1 259) (28) Personnel expenses relating to acquisitions (8 666) (2 475) Provisions and impairment loss on current assets (731) (275) Transaction-related costs (815) (1 415) Other operating income 82 168 Other operating expenses (129) (228) Operating income before depreciation and amortization (7 819) 10 011 Depreciation and amortization relating to PP&E and intangible assets (4 953) (3 778) Depreciation of right-of-use assets (5 148) (3 450) Operating income (expense) (17 920) 2 783 Cost of net debt (914) (757) Interest expenses on lease liabilities (783) (477) Other financial income 410 218 Other financial expenses (281) (278) Net financial income (expenses) (1 568) (1 294) Profit (loss) before tax (19 488) 1 489 Income tax (798) (1 331) Net income (20 286) 158 Attributable to owners of the Company (20 286) 158 Attributable to non-controlling interests - -Statement of financial positionIn thousands of euros Mar 31  2022 Sep 30  2021 Assets Goodwill 44 830 44 146 Other intangible assets 51 030 47 510 Property  plant and equipment 22 990 18 881 Right-of-use assets 58 923 61 437 Other non-current financial assets  including derivatives 1 047 1 182 Deferred tax assets 6198 6 033 Non-current assets 185 017 179 189 Inventories 264 564 173 842 Trade receivables 25 976 23 729 Current tax receivables 953 2 065 Other current assets 22 887 25 967 Cash and cash equivalents 33 360 106 982 Current assets 347 742 332 586 Total assets 532 759 511 774 Equity and liabilities Share capital 1 657 1 657 Additional paid-in capital 271 162 271 000 Reserves 298 15 349 Effect of changes in exchange rate 1 592 380 Profit (loss) attributable to owners of the Company (20 286) (15 663) Total equity attributable to owners of the Company 254 423 272 723 Non-controlling interests - - Total equity 254 423 272 723 Non-current financial liabilities 13 005 12 538 Non-current lease liabilities 49 798 52 852 Non-current provisions 1 366 878 Deferred tax liabilities 8 966 9 000 Non-current personnel liabilities associated with acquisitions 5 271 2 790 Other non-current liabilities 1 159 872 Non-current liabilities 79 566 78 931 Current financial liabilities 36 078 7 295 Current lease liabilities 10 428 9 670 Current provisions 2 447 2 703 Trade payables 55 957 46 645 Current tax liabilities 491 1 174 Current personnel liabilities associated with acquisitions 36 886 32 676 Other current liabilities 56 483 59 958 Current liabilities 198 770 160 121 Total equity and liabilities 532 759 511 774Condensed cash flow statementIn thousands of euros H1 2021-22 H1 2020-21 Net profit (loss) (20 286) 158 Depreciation  amortization and provisions 10 326 7 419 Income tax 798 1 331 Net financial income and expenses 1 568 1 294 Items reclassified under cash from investing activities (17) 57 Expenses relating to share-based payments 1 259 28 Other non-cash items - (6) Change in personnel expenses relating to acquisitions 6 654 2 479 Change in working capital (83 379) (43 096) Income tax paid (603) (2 182) Net cash from (used in) operating activities (83 680) (32 519) Acquisition of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (12 130) (5 587) Proceeds from disposals of assets 51 93 Change in loans and other financial assets 135 (4) Acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (186) (35 950) Net cash from (used in) investing activities (12 130) (41 447) Capital increase (decrease) 124 - Proceeds from borrowings 57 690 68 374 Repayment of borrowings (35 843) (9 130) Purchase/sale of treasury shares (461) - Interest paid (1 478) (2 168) Other financial expenses paid and income received 91 1 Net cash from (used in) financing activities 20 124 57 077 Effect of changes in exchange rate 18 150 Net change in cash (75 669) (16 739) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 106 307 39 618 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 30 639 22 879Reconciliation of gross profit per unit (GPU)In millions of euros H1 2021-22 H1 2020-21(pro forma) H1 2020-21 Revenues 872.6 591.8 490.9 Cost of goods and services sold -735.1 - -401.3 Gross profit (consolidated data) 137.5 - 89.6 Cost of transport and refurbishment -42.2 - -17.4 Other 0.0 - 0.0 Gross profit– including trading in Belgium 95.2 84.2 72.2 Deduction of the margin for trading in Belgium 0.0 -0.2 -0.2 Number of B2C vehicles sold (units) 41 217 35 621 29 772 Gross profit per unit of B2C vehicle sold – GPU (€) €2 311 €2 358 €2 416Reconciliation of adjusted EBITDAIn thousands of euros H1 2021-22 H1 2020-21 Operating income (loss) before depreciation  amortization and impairment of non-current assets (7 819) 10 011 (Personnel expenses related to share-based payments) 1 259 28 (Personnel expenses related to acquisitions) 8 666 2 475 (Transaction costs) 815 1 415 Adjusted EBITDA 2 921 13 929Breakdown of operating working capital requirementsIn thousands of euros Mar 31  2022 Sep 30  2021 Inventories 264 564 173 842 Trade receivables 25 976 23 729 Trade payables (55 957) (46 643) Other current assets 22 887 25 967 Restatements relating to other current assets: Prepaid expenses (or advances) not corresponding to advances paid to vehicle suppliers 0 (2 199) Social security and personnel-related receivables (277) (397) Tax receivables other than those related to VAT (42) (120) Other items not related to operating working capital (85) (164) Other current liabilities (56 483) (59 958) Restatements relating to other current liabilities: Social security liabilities 12 973 13 292 Tax liabilities other than those related to VAT 1 076 1 146 Debt on securities acquisition 100 100 Items under “other liabilities” not related to conversion premiums and environmental bonuses 544 564 Prepaid income - non-current (810) (653) Operating working capital requirements (A) 214 467 128 506 Revenues over last 12 months (B) 1 645 482 1 368 609 Operating working capital requirements expressed in days of revenues(A/B multiplied by 365) 48 34Reconciliation of net debt with net financial debt under IFRSIn thousands of euros Mar 31  2022 Sep 30  2021 Bank loans and borrowings (incl. RCF) 29 873 2 542 Other financial liabilities 1 977 1 792 Bank overdrafts 2 722 674 Cash and cash equivalents -33 360 -106 982 Net debt (+) / Net cash (-) 1 212 -101 973 Lease liabilities 60 227 62 522 Liabilities relating to minority shareholder put options 14 511 14 825 IFRS net financial debt 75 949 -24 6261 Growth compared with the 2021 first-half data pro forma for CarSupermarket’s acquisition in the UK in March 20212 Net Promoter Score3 Nicolas Chartier is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company  and Guillaume Paoli is Deputy Chief Executive Officer  based on a two-year rotationAttachment,negative,0.12,0.39,0.49,mixed,0.49,0.15,0.36,True,English,"['Aramis Group', '2022 first-half results', 'strong growth', 'vehicle sales', 'market', 'unique, digital, vertically integrated business model Adjusted EBITDA', '3/ positive adjusted EBITDA', 'preferred digital platform', 'true industrial performance', 'highest margin levels', 'two opposite trends', 'unprecedented market context', 'complex sourcing environment', 'other European operators', 'complex market environment', 'car market context', 'vehicle volume growth', 'additional 12,000 refurbished vehicles', '1/ total revenues', 'new vehicle market', 'teams’ continued dedication', 'registered vehicle segment', 'Total Volumes B2C', '2022 first-half B2C volumes', 'positive trends', '2022 FIRST-HALF BUSINESS', 'complex macroeconomic', 'high levels', 'continued disruption', 'European leader', 'multi-channel sourcing', 'other hand', 'Total B2B', 'Total Services', 'new vehicles', 'vehicle sales', 'car sales', 'strong growth', 'robust growth', 'registered cars', 'Refurbished cars', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'fiscal year', 'outstanding work', 'significant increase', 'value proposition', 'Marked contraction', 'sufficient supplies', 'Gross profit', 'coming quarters', 'following developments', '2022 full-year objectives', '2/ B2C', 'CarSupermarket brands', 'Nicolas Chartier', 'Guillaume Paoli', 'firm focus', 'operational priorities', 'collective spirit', 'supply chain', 'private owners', 'one hand', 'limited availability', 'production lines', 'recent months', 'first half', '2022 first-half revenues', 'sales prices', 'customer satisfaction', 'ARAMIS GROUP', '2022 first-half results', 'refurbishing capabilities', 'strategic priority', 'Arcueil', 'May', 'Very', 'March', 'September', 'basis', 'NPS', 'geographies', 'success', 'strategy', 'acceleration', 'lack', 'backdrop', 'shortage', 'unit', 'GPU', 'figures', 'efficiency', 'effectiveness', 'Recap', 'Ticker', 'ISIN', 'online', 'Aramisauto', 'Cardoen', 'Clicars', 'France', 'Belgium', 'Spain', 'UK', 'Story', 'founders3', 'customers', 'agility', 'use', 'optimization', 'relevance', 'period', 'roadmap', 'times', 'difficulties', 'semiconductors', 'war', 'Overview', 'H1 2021', 'Change', 'millions', 'euros']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,finance.yahoo.com
4963,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.capitalfm.co.ke/business/2022/05/wheat-prices-hit-record-high-after-indian-export-ban/,Wheat prices hit record high after Indian export ban - Capital Business,Paris  France  May 16 - Wheat prices surged to a new record high in European trading on Monday after India decided to ban exports of the commodity as a Kenya breaking news | Kenya news today |,0 SHARES Share TweetParis  France  May 16 – Wheat prices surged to a new record high in European trading on Monday after India decided to ban exports of the commodity as a heatwave hit production.The price jumped to 435 euros ($453) per tonne as the Euronext market opened  up from the previous record of 422 euros reached on Friday.Global wheat prices have soared on supply fears since Russia’s February invasion of agricultural powerhouse Ukraine  which previously accounted for 12 percent of global exports.The spike  exacerbated by fertiliser shortages and poor harvests  has fuelled inflation globally and raised fears of famine and social unrest in poorer countries.India  the world’s second-largest wheat producer  said on Saturday that it was banning exports after its hottest March on record  with traders needing express government approval to enter into new deals.New Delhi said the move was needed to protect the food security of its own 1.4 billion people in the face of lower production and sharply higher global prices.Some parts of India have seen prices in wheat and flour jump 20 to 40 percent in recent weeks  Commerce Secretary BVR Subrahmanyam said on Sunday.Because of the sharp rise in global prices  some farmers were selling to traders and not to the government.This got the government worried about its buffer stock of almost 20 million tonnes — depleted by the pandemic — needed for handouts to millions of poor families and to avert any possible famine.Advertisement. Scroll to continue reading.– ‘Worsen the crisis’ –Export deals agreed before the directive issued on May 13 could still be honoured but future shipments needed government approval  it said.However  exports could also take place if New Delhi approved requests from other governments “to meet their food security needs”.India  which possesses major buffer stocks  previously said it was ready to help fill some of the supply shortages caused by the Ukraine war.Only last week India said it would send delegations to Egypt  Turkey and elsewhere to discuss boosting wheat exports. It was unclear whether these visits will now go ahead.The export ban drew sharp criticism from the Group of Seven industrialised nations  which said that such measures “would worsen the crisis” of rising commodity prices.India recorded its warmest March on record — blamed on climate change — and in recent weeks has seen a scorching heatwave with temperatures upwards of 45 degrees Celsius (113 Fahrenheit).This hit farmers in wheat-producing northern India  prompting the government to predict output would fall at least five percent this year from 109 million tonnes in 2021Advertisement. Scroll to continue reading.,neutral,0.08,0.68,0.24,negative,0.02,0.15,0.83,True,English,"['Indian export ban', 'Wheat prices', 'Capital Business', 'Commerce Secretary BVR Subrahmanyam', '0 SHARES Share Tweet', 'Seven industrialised nations', 'major buffer stocks', 'largest wheat producer', 'food security needs', 'higher global prices', 'rising commodity prices', 'Global wheat prices', 'new record high', 'new deals', 'New Delhi', 'European trading', 'Euronext market', 'February invasion', 'agricultural powerhouse', 'fertiliser shortages', 'poor harvests', 'social unrest', 'poorer countries', 'hottest March', '1.4 billion people', 'recent weeks', 'sharp rise', '20 million tonnes', 'poor families', 'Export deals', 'future shipments', 'other governments', 'supply shortages', 'export ban', 'sharp criticism', 'warmest March', 'climate change', 'temperatures upwards', '45 degrees Celsius', '109 million tonnes', 'global exports', 'previous record', 'wheat exports', 'supply fears', 'lower production', 'possible famine', 'Ukraine war', 'scorching heatwave', 'government approval', 'northern India', 'Paris', 'France', 'May', 'Monday', '435 euros', '422 euros', 'Friday', 'Russia', '12 percent', 'spike', 'inflation', 'world', 'Saturday', 'traders', 'express', 'move', 'face', 'parts', 'flour', 'Sunday', 'farmers', 'pandemic', 'handouts', 'millions', 'Advertisement', 'crisis', 'directive', 'place', 'requests', 'delegations', 'Egypt', 'Turkey', 'visits', 'Group', 'measures', 'Fahrenheit', 'wheat-producing', 'output', 'Scroll', '40']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,capitalfm.co.ke
4964,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.freepressjournal.in/business/imarticus-learning-collaborates-with-euronext-group,Imarticus Learning collaborates with Euronext Group,10 hours ago,In a bid to strengthen its leadership sphere  Imarticus Learning  professional education firm  announced its collaboration with Academy  a part of Euronext Group  a pan-European financial market infrastructure.Imarticus Learning’s CIBOP program is specifically designed for learners planning to pursue careers in Financial Operations  Treasury  and Clearing divisions in an Investment Bank. The course helps learners gain detailed knowledge of the trade lifecycle across product lines and regions  it said in a statement.In this context  the strategic alliance with Euronext Group aims to equip new-age learners with essential skills and knowledge about the investment banking operations industry. The idea is to prepare them for real-world situations where they can anticipate challenges  and develop and implement strategies  gaining an edge above their contemporaries in the banking and investment ecosystem.Nikhil Barshikar  Founder and CEO of Imarticus Learning says  “The latest collaboration is also in perfect synchronization with the vision to provide best-in-class education to all learners  irrespective of their geographical or other backgrounds. We are looking for a long and fruitful collaboration with Euronext Group.”Daniela Biagi  Head of Academy – Euronext Group says  “Subjects related to capital markets growth  banking practices  asset and risk management  corporate finance  investor relations  corporate governance  and ESG are our USP. Similarly  Imarticus Learning is outstanding in offering best-in-class programs with conceptual and practical know-how. Together  we’ll offer learning opportunities to learners so that they can harness the power of adequate and advanced learning to boost their career growth.”Imarticus Learning also has a new digital marketing program  a full-stack development program  and a banking and finance program in the pipeline. The platform has also partnered with several leading institutions and corporations and intends to pursue long-term  mutually beneficial  and productive partnerships.(To receive our E-paper on whatsapp daily  please click here. To receive it on Telegram  please click here. We permit sharing of the paper's PDF on WhatsApp and other social media platforms.)Published on: Monday  May 16  2022  03:50 PM IST,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,positive,0.71,0.28,0.02,True,English,"['Imarticus Learning', 'Euronext Group', 'pan-European financial market infrastructure', 'other social media platforms', 'new digital marketing program', 'investment banking operations industry', 'several leading institutions', 'full-stack development program', 'capital markets growth', 'professional education firm', 'Financial Operations', 'other backgrounds', 'CIBOP program', 'finance program', 'investment ecosystem', 'career growth', 'leadership sphere', 'Imarticus Learning', 'Euronext Group', 'Clearing divisions', 'trade lifecycle', 'product lines', 'strategic alliance', 'essential skills', 'real-world situations', 'Nikhil Barshikar', 'perfect synchronization', 'Daniela Biagi', 'banking practices', 'risk management', 'corporate finance', 'investor relations', 'corporate governance', 'practical know-how', 'learning opportunities', 'advanced learning', 'productive partnerships', 'latest collaboration', 'fruitful collaboration', 'detailed knowledge', 'class programs', 'new-age learners', 'bid', 'Academy', 'careers', 'Treasury', 'course', 'regions', 'statement', 'context', 'idea', 'challenges', 'strategies', 'contemporaries', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'geographical', 'long', 'Head', 'Subjects', 'asset', 'ESG', 'USP', 'conceptual', 'power', 'adequate', 'pipeline', 'corporations', 'E-paper', 'Telegram', 'sharing', 'PDF', 'WhatsApp', 'Monday', 'May', 'IST', '03:50']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,freepressjournal.in
4965,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.dutchnews.nl/news/businesswire/noxxon-announces-results-of-the-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-shareholders,NOXXON Announces Results of the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders,4 hours ago,BERLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Regulatory News:NOXXON Pharma N.V. (Euronext Growth Paris: ALNOX) (Paris:ALNOX)  a biotechnology company focused on improving cancer treatments by targeting the tumor microenvironment (TME)  announced today that the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders held on Monday  May 16  2022 at the offices of Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP  Strawinskylaan 10  1077 XZ in Amsterdam  the Netherlands approved the proposed share consolidation to be implemented by way of partial amendment of the Articles of Association and in relation to the share consolidation to authorize the Board of Directors to insofar necessary cancel up to the maximum number of shares held by the company in its own share capital. Shareholders representing a total of 6.41% of the total issued and outstanding share capital entitled to vote were represented by proxy.Bryan Jennings  CFO of NOXXON commented: “The approval of NOXXON’s proposed share consolidation is an important sign of shareholder support for the company’s plans to improve share liquidity and stability. The consolidation  along with our compelling progress in the clinic  will strengthen our position with respect to potential future financing opportunities. We would like to thank our shareholders for their continuing support as we transition towards a more efficient capital structure.”The draft minutes of the meeting will soon be available on the NOXXON website (www.noxxon.com).About NOXXONNOXXON’s oncology-focused pipeline acts on the tumor microenvironment (TME) and the cancer immunity cycle by breaking the tumor protection barrier and blocking tumor repair. By neutralizing chemokines in the TME  NOXXON’s approach works in combination with other forms of treatment to weaken tumor defenses against the immune system and enable greater therapeutic impact. NOXXON’s lead program NOX-A12 has delivered final top-line data from a Keytruda® combination trial in metastatic colorectal and pancreatic cancer patients published at the ESMO conference in September 2020 and in July 2021 the company announced its Phase 2 study  OPTIMUS  to further evaluate safety and efficacy of NOX-A12 in combination with Merck’s Keytruda® and two different chemotherapy regimens as second-line therapy in patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer. NOXXON is also studying NOX-A12 in brain cancer in combination with radiotherapy which has been granted orphan drug status in the US and EU for the treatment of certain brain cancers. GLORIA  a trial of NOX-A12 in combination with radiotherapy in newly diagnosed brain cancer patients who will not benefit clinically from standard chemotherapy has delivered top-line data from all three dose-escalation cohorts showing consistent tumor reductions and objective tumor responses. Additionally  GLORIA has been expanded to assess the benefit of NOX-A12 with other treatment combinations  radiotherapy + bevacizumab and radiotherapy + pembrolizumab. The company’s second clinical-stage asset NOX-E36 is a Phase 2 TME asset targeting the innate immune system. NOXXON plans to test NOX‑E36 in patients with solid tumors. Further information can be found at: www.noxxon.com.Keytruda® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp.Visit NOXXON on LinkedIn and Twitter.About the GLORIA StudyGLORIA (NCT04121455) is NOXXON’s dose-escalation  phase 1/2 study of NOX-A12 in combination with irradiation in first-line partially resected or unresected glioblastoma (brain cancer) patients with unmethylated MGMT promoter (resistant to standard chemotherapy). GLORIA further evaluates safety and efficacy of NOX-A12 three additional arms combining NOX-A12 with: A. radiotherapy in patients with complete tumor resection; B. radiotherapy and bevacizumab in patients with incomplete tumor resection; and C. radiotherapy and pembrolizumab in patients with incomplete tumor resection.About the OPTIMUS StudyOPTIMUS (NCT04901741) is NOXXON’s open-label two-arm phase 2 study of NOX-A12 combined with pembrolizumab and nanoliposomal irinotecan/5-FU/leucovorin or gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel in microsatellite-stable metastatic pancreatic cancer patients.DisclaimerTranslations of any press release into languages other than English are intended solely as a convenience to the non-English-reading audience. The company has attempted to provide an accurate translation of the original text in English  but due to the nuances in translating into another language  slight differences may exist. Certain statements in this communication contain formulations or terms referring to the future or future developments  as well as negations of such formulations or terms  or similar terminology. These are described as forward-looking statements. In addition  all information in this communication regarding planned or future results of business segments  financial indicators  developments of the financial situation or other financial or statistical data contains such forward-looking statements. The company cautions prospective investors not to rely on such forward-looking statements as certain prognoses of actual future events and developments. The company is neither responsible nor liable for updating such information  which only represents the state of affairs on the day of publication.ContactsFor more information  please contact:NOXXON Pharma N.V.Aram Mangasarian  Ph.D.Chief Executive OfficerTel. +49 (0) 30 726247 0amangasarian@noxxon.comInvestor and Media Relations:LifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van RenterghemTel. +41 (0) 76 735 01 31gvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.comNewCapArthur RouilléTel. +33 (0) 1 44 71 00 15arouille@newcap.fr,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,mixed,0.32,0.25,0.43,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'NOXXON', 'Results', 'Shareholders', 'microsatellite-stable metastatic pancreatic cancer patients', 'Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP', 'two different chemotherapy regimens', 'potential future financing opportunities', 'open-label two-arm phase 2 study', 'NOXXON Pharma N.V.', 'greater therapeutic impact', 'orphan drug status', 'second clinical-stage asset', 'unmethylated MGMT promoter', 'three additional arms', 'cancer immunity cycle', 'efficient capital structure', 'tumor protection barrier', 'consistent tumor reductions', 'objective tumor responses', 'complete tumor resection', 'phase 1/2 study', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'three dose-escalation cohorts', 'innate immune system', 'final top-line data', 'outstanding share capital', 'brain cancer patients', 'other treatment combinations', 'metastatic colorectal', 'Keytruda® combination trial', 'cancer treatments', 'standard chemotherapy', 'tumor microenvironment', 'tumor repair', 'tumor defenses', 'other forms', 'other financial', 'statistical data', 'brain cancers', 'future results', 'share liquidity', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'partial amendment', 'maximum number', 'Bryan Jennings', 'important sign', 'shareholder support', 'compelling progress', 'continuing support', 'draft minutes', 'oncology-focused pipeline', 'lead program', 'ESMO conference', 'second-line therapy', 'Phase 2 TME', 'NOX‑E36', 'solid tumors', 'registered trademark', 'Dohme Corp', 'nanoliposomal irinotecan/5-FU/leucovorin', 'press release', 'English-reading audience', 'accurate translation', 'original text', 'slight differences', 'similar terminology', 'business segments', 'financial indicators', 'financial situation', 'prospective investors', 'OPTIMUS Study', 'share consolidation', 'GLORIA Study', 'future developments', 'looking statements', 'Further information', 'Merck Sharp', 'A. radiotherapy', 'B. radiotherapy', 'C. radiotherapy', 'NOXXON website', 'biotechnology company', 'BERLIN', 'ALNOX', 'shareholders', 'Monday', 'May', 'offices', 'Strawinskylaan', '1077 XZ', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'way', 'Articles', 'Association', 'relation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'shares', 'total', 'vote', 'proxy', 'CFO', 'approval', 'plans', 'stability', 'position', 'respect', 'chemokines', 'approach', 'NOX-A12', 'September', 'July', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'benefit', 'bevacizumab', 'pembrolizumab', 'NOX-E36', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'irradiation', 'first-line', 'glioblastoma', 'gemcitabine', 'nab-paclitaxel', 'Disclaimer', 'Translations', 'languages', 'convenience', 'nuances', 'communication', 'formulations', 'terms', 'negations', 'forward', 'planned', 'prognos', '6.']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,dutchnews.nl
4966,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220516005122/en/Signify-and-Intelligent-Waves-Enter-Into-Strategic-Collaboration-to-Deliver-Mission-critical-Light-Waves-based-Wireless-Connectivity,Signify and Intelligent Waves Enter Into Strategic Collaboration to Deliver Mission-critical  Light Waves-based Wireless Connectivity,7 hours ago,"BRIDGEWATER  N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  has entered into a strategic technology collaboration with Intelligent Waves  developer of the award-winning  cyber-defense solution  GRAYPATH. Together  Signify’s game-changing LiFi solution  Trulifi  and the GRAYPATH software use invisible light waves to enable reliable  secure  two-way wireless data communication  providing defense personnel with mission-critical connectivity.Signify’s unique Trulifi solution offers physical security via dedicated USB access keys and a consistent  high-speed wireless connection through light  while GRAYPATH uses the cloud to randomize and distribute data across multiple paths and encrypted channels. The technology integration enables the secure transmission of data from high-risk operational locations without the danger of information being jammed  intercepted or disrupted.""We are excited to offer our solution  in partnership with Intelligent Waves  to the defense industry ” said Richard Honey  Head of Trulifi by Signify sales  US Defense sector. “Light-based communication  unlike conventional radio technologies such as Wi-Fi and 4G/5G  offers a critical  extra layer of security; it can be controlled within a restricted space and does not penetrate through walls. This benefit has already been recognized by defense customers  with the US Army  Navy and Marines adopting our game-changing LiFi technology.""John Hammes  Chief Strategy Officer of Intelligent Waves  said: ""We are thrilled to partner with Signify  a pioneer in lighting and light-based communication. Together  we will be able to better serve the most demanding and secure special operators in austere environments  and we look forward to integrating Signify’s innovation into the platform.""According to Joe Vano  Transmission Group Lead  Program Management Office – Tactical Network  Technical Management Division of the US Army  “LiFi can enhance the Low Probability of Intercept/Low Probability of Detection attribute on the battlefield. This secures the Tactical Operations Center (TOC) to a higher degree due to its insignificant and largely undetectable RF signature while maintaining high-speed connectivity within the TOC. Reducing our adversaries’ ability to intercept and jam the battlefield Commander’s network while still maintaining a network cable-free environment within the TOC is advantageous.”More information about Trulifi by Signify and its benefits for the defense industry can be found here.About SignifySignify (Euronext: LIGHT) is the world leader in lighting for professionals  consumers and lighting for the Internet of Things. Our Philips products  Interact connected lighting systems and data-enabled services  deliver business value and transform life in homes  buildings and public spaces. With 2021 sales of EUR 6.9 billion  we have approximately 37 000 employees and are present in over 70 countries. We unlock the extraordinary potential of light for brighter lives and a better world. We achieved carbon neutrality in 2020  have been in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index since our IPO for five consecutive years and were named Industry Leader in 2017  2018 and 2019. News from Signify can be found at the Newsroom  Twitter  LinkedIn and Instagram. Information for investors can be found on the Investor Relations page.About Intelligent WavesIntelligent Waves delivers mission-focused multi-domain operational expertise and innovation through high-impact technology solutions in cybersecurity  data science  enterprise network engineering  software development  and platform mission support. To learn more  visit www.intelligentwaves.com.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.43,0.35,0.22,True,English,"['Mission-critical, Light Waves-based Wireless Connectivity', 'Intelligent Waves', 'Strategic Collaboration', 'Signify', 'reliable, secure, two-way wireless data communication', 'Dow Jones Sustainability World Index', 'dedicated USB access keys', 'consistent, high-speed wireless connection', 'mission-focused multi-domain operational expertise', 'secure special operators', 'high-risk operational locations', 'conventional radio technologies', 'critical, extra layer', 'Chief Strategy Officer', 'Program Management Office', 'Technical Management Division', 'undetectable RF signature', 'five consecutive years', 'Investor Relations page', 'strategic technology collaboration', 'high-impact technology solutions', 'award-winning, cyber-defense solution', 'Transmission Group Lead', 'Tactical Operations Center', 'network cable-free environment', 'enterprise network engineering', 'game-changing LiFi technology', 'platform mission support', 'game-changing LiFi solution', 'US Defense sector', 'unique Trulifi solution', 'invisible light waves', 'secure transmission', 'Light-based communication', 'high-speed connectivity', 'technology integration', 'Tactical Network', 'world leader', 'data science', 'US Army', 'defense personnel', 'defense industry', 'defense customers', 'Intelligent Waves', 'N.J', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'mission-critical connectivity', 'multiple paths', 'encrypted channels', 'Richard Honey', 'restricted space', 'John Hammes', 'austere environments', 'Joe Vano', 'Low Probability', 'Detection attribute', 'higher degree', 'adversaries’ ability', 'Philips products', 'data-enabled services', 'business value', 'public spaces', 'extraordinary potential', 'brighter lives', 'carbon neutrality', 'Industry Leader', 'software development', 'physical security', 'battlefield Commander', 'GRAYPATH software', 'More information', 'lighting systems', 'Signify sales', '2021 sales', 'BRIDGEWATER', 'Euronext', 'developer', 'cloud', 'danger', 'partnership', 'Head', 'Wi-Fi', '4G/5G', 'walls', 'benefit', 'Navy', 'Marines', 'pioneer', 'demanding', 'innovation', 'TOC', 'insignificant', 'professionals', 'consumers', 'Internet', 'Things', 'life', 'homes', 'buildings', '37,000 employees', '70 countries', 'IPO', 'News', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'investors', 'cybersecurity', 'intelligentwaves']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,businesswire.com
4967,EuroNext,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/loop-industries-announces-commercial-supply-113000706.html,Loop Industries Announces Commercial Supply Agreement with Danone SA to Supply Loop(TM) Branded PET Resin Made from 100% Recycled Content,9 hours ago,"New multi-year agreement for Loop™ PET resin from the planned Infinite Loop™ manufacturing facility located in Bécancour  Quebec.Supports Danone objectives and commitments towards a circular economy in packagingMONTREAL  QC / ACCESSWIRE / May 16  2022 / Loop Industries  Inc. (NASDAQ:LOOP) (the ""Company"" or ""Loop"")  whose mission is to accelerate a circular plastics economy by manufacturing 100% recycled polyethylene terephthalate (""PET"") plastic and polyester fiber  today announced a multi-year supply agreement with French food group Danone SA (Euronext: BN) (""Danone"")  one of the world's leading global food and beverage companies. The new 5-year agreement will supply Danone brands  including evian water  with Loop™ branded PET resin made from 100% recycled content. The resin will be supplied from the planned Infinite Loop™ Bécancour plant which is currently anticipated to begin production in Q4 2024.""This announcement is an important milestone in our long-standing partnership with Danone to supply Loop™ branded PET resin from our Infinite Loop™ Bécancour manufacturing facility. I would like to thank the teams from Danone and Loop for all their hard work and effort during the independent technology validation that was executed by a leading engineering firm  and everyone involved in the signing of this contract. Having Danone as the anchor customer is an important step for the Infinite Loop™ Bécancour facility as well as our global commercialization rollout of Infinite Loop™ manufacturing facilities."" said Daniel Solomita  Loop's Founder and Chief Executive Officer.""We need cutting-edge technologies like the ones Loop Industries has developed to reach our sustainable packaging ambition. This agreement is a natural next step in our partnership with Loop Industries  moving from technology development to the concrete production phase. It is an important milestone to establish ‘infinite' closed-loop recycling for PET bottles and enable the recycling of hard-to-recycle packaging and materials"" said Nicolas GREGOIRE  Vice-President Packaging Cycle at Danone.In conjunction with this agreement  Danone and other Loop partners retained a globally recognized third-party independent engineering firm to execute a detailed due diligence report  which validated and reinforced the quality  effectiveness  and scalability of Loop Industries' technology. Loop and Danone have developed a long-standing relationship built on transparency and communication that supports Danone's circular packaging commitments on a global basis. Throughout this time  Loop Industries has continued to work diligently on perfecting its technology for commercial production on an international scale  including projects to build greenfield Infinite Loop™ facilities in Canada  France  and South Korea.Story continuesAbout Loop IndustriesLoop Industries is a technology company whose mission is to accelerate the world's shift toward sustainable PET plastic and polyester fiber and away from our dependence on fossil fuels. Loop Industries owns patented and proprietary technology that depolymerizes no and low-value waste PET plastic and polyester fiber  including plastic bottles and packaging  carpets and textiles of any color  transparency or condition and even ocean plastics that have been degraded by the sun and salt  to its base building blocks (monomers). The monomers are filtered  purified and polymerized to create virgin-quality Loop™ branded PET resin suitable for use in food-grade packaging and polyester fiber  thus enabling our customers to meet their sustainability objectives. Loop Industries is contributing to the global movement towards a circular economy by reducing plastic waste and recovering waste plastic for a sustainable future.Common shares of the Company are listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol ""LOOP.""For more information  please visit www.loopindustries.com. Follow Loop on Twitter: @loopindustries  Instagram: loopindustries  Facebook: Loop Industries and LinkedIn: Loop Industries.Forward-Looking StatementsThis news release contains ""forward-looking statements"" as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements may be preceded by the words ""intends "" ""may "" ""will "" ""plans "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""should "" ""could "" ""projects "" ""predicts "" ""estimates "" ""aims "" ""believes "" ""hopes "" ""potential"" or ""continue"" the negative of such terms or similar words. These forward-looking statements include  without limitation  statements about Loop's market opportunity  its strategies  ability to improve and expand its capabilities  competition  expected activities and expenditures as Loop pursues its business plan  the adequacy of its available cash resources  regulatory compliance  plans for future growth and future operations  the size of Loop's addressable market  market trends  and the effectiveness of Loop's internal control over financial reporting. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance  are based on certain assumptions and are subject to various known and unknown risks and uncertainties  many of which are beyond Loop's control  and cannot be predicted or quantified and consequently  actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  risks and uncertainties associated with among other things: (i) commercialization of Loop's technology and products  (ii) Loop's status of relationship with partners  (iii) development and protection of Loop's intellectual property and products  (iv) industry competition  (v) Loop's need for and ability to obtain additional funding  (vi) building Loop's manufacturing facility  (vii) Loop's ability to scale  manufacture and sell its products in order to generate revenues  (viii) Loop's proposed business model and its ability to execute thereon  (ix) adverse effects on Loop's business and operations as a result of increased regulatory  media or financial reporting scrutiny and practices  rumors or otherwise  (x) disease epidemics and health related concerns  such as the current outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19)  which could result in (and  in the case of the COVID-19 outbreak  has resulted in some of the following) reduced access to capital markets  supply chain disruptions and scrutiny or embargoing of goods produced in affected areas  government-imposed mandatory business closures and resulting furloughs of Loop's employees  government employment subsidy programs  travel restrictions or the like to prevent the spread of disease  and market or other changes that could result in noncash impairments of our intangible assets  and property  plant and equipment  (xi) the outcome of the current SEC investigation or recent class action litigation filed against Loop  (xii) Loop's ability to hire and/or retain qualified employees and consultants and (xiii) other factors discussed in Loop's subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC""). More detailed information about Loop and the risk factors that may affect the realization of forward-looking statements is set forth in Loop's filings with the SEC. Investors and security holders are urged to read these documents free of charge on the SEC's web site at http://www.sec.gov. Loop assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise its forward-looking statements as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.For More Information:Investor Relations:Kevin C. O'Dowd  Vice-President Communications & Investor RelationsLoop Industries  Inc.+1 617-755-4602kodowd@loopindustries.comMedia Inquiries:Andrea Kostiuk  Vice President Marketing & CommunicationsLoop Industries  Inc.+1 (450) 951-8555akostiuk@loopindustries.comSOURCE: Loop Industries  Inc.View source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/701356/Loop-Industries-Announces-Commercial-Supply-Agreement-with-Danone-SA-to-Supply-LoopTM-Branded-PET-Resin-Made-from-100-Recycled-Content",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.51,0.24,0.25,True,English,"['Loop(TM) Branded PET Resin', 'Commercial Supply Agreement', 'Loop Industries', 'Danone SA', '100% Recycled Content', 'U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Infinite Loop™ Bécancour manufacturing facility', 'Infinite Loop™ Bécancour plant', 'Infinite Loop™ Bécancour facility', 'Infinite Loop™ manufacturing facility', 'detailed due diligence report', 'Infinite Loop™ manufacturing facilities', 'greenfield Infinite Loop™ facilities', 'third-party independent engineering firm', 'leading engineering firm', ""infinite' closed-loop recycling"", 'French food group', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'base building blocks', 'available cash resources', 'independent technology validation', 'leading global food', 'global commercialization rollout', '100% recycled polyethylene terephthalate', 'natural next step', 'other Loop partners', 'New multi-year agreement', 'multi-year supply agreement', 'new 5-year agreement', 'concrete production phase', 'Vice-President Packaging Cycle', 'virgin-quality Loop™ branded', 'sustainable packaging ambition', 'circular plastics economy', 'NASDAQ Global Market', 'sustainable PET plastic', ""Loop Industries' technology"", 'circular packaging commitments', 'Loop™ PET resin', 'circular economy', 'sustainable future', 'global basis', 'global movement', '100% recycled content', 'important step', 'ocean plastics', 'market opportunity', 'addressable market', 'market trends', 'technology development', 'proprietary technology', 'PET bottles', 'polyester fiber', 'beverage companies', 'evian water', 'important milestone', 'hard work', 'anchor customer', 'Daniel Solomita', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'Nicolas GREGOIRE', 'long-standing relationship', 'commercial production', 'international scale', 'South Korea', 'fossil fuels', 'food-grade packaging', 'sustainability objectives', 'Common shares', 'news release', 'business plan', 'regulatory compliance', 'future growth', 'future operations', 'internal control', 'financial reporting', 'future performance', 'various known', 'plastic bottles', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'Such statements', 'low-value waste', 'standing partnership', 'technology company', 'plastic waste', 'similar words', 'Danone objectives', 'Danone SA', 'Danone brands', 'Quebec', 'MONTREAL', 'QC', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'May', 'mission', 'Euronext', 'BN', 'world', 'Q4 2024', 'announcement', 'teams', 'effort', 'everyone', 'signing', 'contract', 'Founder', 'materials', 'conjunction', 'effectiveness', 'scalability', 'transparency', 'communication', 'time', 'projects', 'Canada', 'France', 'Story', 'shift', 'dependence', 'patented', 'carpets', 'textiles', 'color', 'condition', 'sun', 'salt', 'monomers', 'use', 'customers', 'symbol', 'information', 'loopindustries', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'plans', 'expects', 'aims', 'terms', 'limitation', 'strategies', 'capabilities', 'competition', 'activities', 'expenditures', 'adequacy', 'size', 'guarantees', 'assumptions', 'unk']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,finance.yahoo.com
4968,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.france24.com/en/live-news/20220516-wheat-prices-hit-record-high-after-indian-export-ban,Wheat prices hit record high after Indian export ban,9 hours ago,"India recorded its warmest March on record -- blamed on climate change -- and in recent weeks has seen a scorching heatwave with temperatures upwards of 45 degrees Celsius (113 Fahrenheit)Paris (AFP) – Wheat prices surged to a new record high in European trading on Monday after India decided to ban exports of the commodity as a heatwave hit production.Advertising Read moreThe price jumped to 435 euros ($453) per tonne as the Euronext market opened  up from the previous record of 422 euros reached on Friday.Global wheat prices have soared on supply fears since Russia's February invasion of agricultural powerhouse Ukraine  which previously accounted for 12 percent of global exports.The spike  exacerbated by fertiliser shortages and poor harvests  has fuelled inflation globally and raised fears of famine and social unrest in poorer countries.India  the world's second-largest wheat producer  said on Saturday that it was banning exports after its hottest March on record  with traders needing express government approval to enter into new deals.New Delhi said the move was needed to protect the food security of its own 1.4 billion people in the face of lower production and sharply higher global prices.Some parts of India have seen prices in wheat and flour jump 20 to 40 percent in recent weeks  Commerce Secretary BVR Subrahmanyam said on Sunday.Because of the sharp rise in global prices  some farmers were selling to traders and not to the government.This got the government worried about its buffer stock of almost 20 million tonnes -- depleted by the pandemic -- needed for handouts to millions of poor families and to avert any possible famine.'Worsen the crisis'Export deals agreed before the directive issued on May 13 could still be honoured but future shipments needed government approval  it said.However  exports could also take place if New Delhi approved requests from other governments ""to meet their food security needs"".India  which possesses major buffer stocks  previously said it was ready to help fill some of the supply shortages caused by the Ukraine war.Only last week India said it would send delegations to Egypt  Turkey and elsewhere to discuss boosting wheat exports. It was unclear whether these visits will now go ahead.The export ban drew sharp criticism from the Group of Seven industrialised nations  which said that such measures ""would worsen the crisis"" of rising commodity prices.India recorded its warmest March on record -- blamed on climate change -- and in recent weeks has seen a scorching heatwave with temperatures upwards of 45 degrees Celsius (113 Fahrenheit).This hit farmers in wheat-producing northern India  prompting the government to predict output would fall at least five percent this year from 109 million tonnes in 2021.© 2022 AFP",neutral,0.08,0.67,0.26,negative,0.02,0.16,0.82,True,English,"['Indian export ban', 'Wheat prices', 'Commerce Secretary BVR Subrahmanyam', 'Seven industrialised nations', 'major buffer stocks', 'largest wheat producer', 'food security needs', 'higher global prices', 'rising commodity prices', 'express government approval', 'Global wheat prices', 'warmest March', 'climate change', 'recent weeks', 'temperatures upwards', '45 degrees Celsius', 'European trading', 'Euronext market', 'February invasion', 'agricultural powerhouse', 'fertiliser shortages', 'poor harvests', 'social unrest', 'poorer countries', 'hottest March', 'new deals', 'New Delhi', '1.4 billion people', 'sharp rise', '20 million tonnes', 'poor families', 'Export deals', 'future shipments', 'other governments', 'supply shortages', 'export ban', 'sharp criticism', '109 million tonnes', 'global exports', 'scorching heatwave', 'wheat exports', 'supply fears', 'lower production', 'possible famine', 'Ukraine war', 'new record', 'previous record', 'northern India', 'Fahrenheit', 'Paris', 'AFP', 'Monday', 'Advertising', '435 euros', '422 euros', 'Friday', 'Russia', '12 percent', 'spike', 'inflation', 'world', 'Saturday', 'traders', 'move', 'face', 'parts', 'flour', 'Sunday', 'farmers', 'pandemic', 'handouts', 'millions', 'crisis', 'directive', 'May', 'place', 'requests', 'delegations', 'Egypt', 'Turkey', 'visits', 'Group', 'measures', 'wheat-producing', 'output', '40']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,france24.com
4969,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220516005578/en/Verimatrix-Anti-Piracy-and-Threat-Defense-Experts-To-Highlight-Latest-Innovations-at-CABSAT-and-TT-CS,Verimatrix Anti-Piracy and Threat Defense Experts To Highlight Latest Innovations at CABSAT and TT CS,5 hours ago,AIX-EN-PROVENCE  France & SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced participation in two leading conferences this month:European Medical Device and Diagnostic Software Development and Compliance Conference (TT CS) – May 17-18 – Brussels  BelgiumTT CS is Europe’s only dedicated conference for medtech cybersecurity professionals. Held at the Sheraton Brussels Airport Hotel  the event features two Verimatrix speakers. Nicole Lua  sales director  is scheduled to serve as moderator for a “Security By Design” roundtable at 1:35 p.m. on May 17. Neal Michie  director of product management  is scheduled to discuss the prevention of threats associated with unmanaged and quasi-managed devices during a session slated for 10:15-10:50 a.m. on May 18.CABSAT – May 17-19 – Dubai  UAECABSAT is the most established and respected trade platform for broadcast  satellite  entertainment content & digital media sectors across the Middle East  Africa  and South Asia region. Verimatrix executives will be on hand in Stand B6-32 at the Dubai World Trade Center  where the latest Verimatrix Secure Delivery Platform and Streamkeeper innovations will be highlighted.Verimatrix executives are available at each event to discuss the industry’s latest challenges as well as innovations. Meetings can be conveniently requested online.These events follow two successfully in-person events that Verimatrix recently participated in: NAB 2022 (National Association of Broadcasters) in Las Vegas and ANGA COM in Cologne.About VerimatrixVerimatrix (Euronext Paris: VMX) helps power the modern connected world with security made for people. We protect digital content  applications  and devices with intuitive  people-centered and frictionless security. Leading brands turn to Verimatrix to secure everything from premium movies and live streaming sports  to sensitive financial and healthcare data  to mission-critical mobile applications. We enable the trusted connections our customers depend on to deliver compelling content and experiences to millions of consumers around the world. Verimatrix helps partners get to market faster  scale easily  protect valuable revenue streams  and win new business. Visit www.verimatrix.com.,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.04,positive,0.61,0.38,0.01,True,English,"['Threat Defense Experts', 'Verimatrix Anti-Piracy', 'Latest Innovations', 'TT CS', 'CABSAT', 'latest Verimatrix Secure Delivery Platform', 'Sheraton Brussels Airport Hotel', 'Dubai World Trade Center', 'European Medical Device', 'Diagnostic Software Development', 'medtech cybersecurity professionals', 'South Asia region', 'live streaming sports', 'valuable revenue streams', 'two leading conferences', 'digital media sectors', 'critical mobile applications', 'two Verimatrix speakers', 'trade platform', 'latest challenges', 'digital content', 'Leading brands', 'SAN DIEGO', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compliance Conference', 'TT CS', 'dedicated conference', 'Nicole Lua', 'Design” roundtable', 'Neal Michie', 'product management', 'entertainment content', 'Middle East', 'Stand B6', 'National Association', 'Las Vegas', 'ANGA COM', 'intuitive, people-centered', 'premium movies', 'sensitive financial', 'healthcare data', 'trusted connections', 'compelling content', 'new business', 'Verimatrix executives', 'people-centered security', 'sales director', 'quasi-managed devices', 'Streamkeeper innovations', 'person events', 'frictionless security', 'AIX-EN-PROVENCE', 'France', 'VMX', 'leader', 'modern', 'participation', 'May', 'Belgium', 'moderator', 'prevention', 'threats', 'unmanaged', 'session', '10:15-10:50', 'CABSAT', 'UAE', 'established', 'respected', 'broadcast', 'Africa', 'hand', 'industry', 'Meetings', 'NAB', 'Cologne', 'everything', 'mission', 'customers', 'experiences', 'millions', 'consumers', 'partners', '1:35']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,businesswire.com
4970,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/italian-exhibition-group-first-quarter-2022-exceeds-expectations-877006676.html,Italian Exhibition Group  first quarter 2022 exceeds expectations,12 hours ago,"According to Corrado Peraboni  CEO of IEG: ""The participation recorded during the events of this first quarter and the results achieved  both in terms of volume and in maintaining the pricing applied  suggest that we can put the darkest period of this pandemic  which dealt a severe blow to trade shows all over the world  behind us. In March  we organised international trade fairs of primary importance for the Group  such as Vicenzaoro and Sigep  standard-bearers of Made in Italy in the world for jewellery and food respectively. The figures show that we were able to look beyond in order to achieve our objectives and further growth.""The Group's EBITDA  equal to EUR 7.0 million  is also on the rise: + EUR 14.2 million compared to the same quarter in 2021 when it recorded a loss of EUR 7.2 million.""The coming months "" Peraboni adds  ""will see the successive staging of every event in IEG's portfolio  including the biennial events  and this is yet another good sign."" Upcoming events include RiminiWellness  TTG Travel Experience and Ecomondo.The congress area also performed well: in the first quarter of 2022  12 congresses were held at the two venues of Rimini's Palacongressi and the Vicenza Convention Centre  generating joint revenues of 1.5 million euros and showing a recovery of 1.3 million euros compared to the same period in 2021.Italian Exhibition Group S.p.A.  a joint stock company listed on Euronext Milan  a regulated market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  has  with its facilities in Rimini and Vicenza  achieved national leadership over the years in the organisation of trade shows and conferences. The development of activities abroad - also through joint-ventures with global or local organisers  in the United States  United Arab Emirates  China  Mexico  Brazil and India  for example – now sees the company positioned among the top European operators in the sector.Italian Exhibition Group Press Contacts  Press Office Manager:Marco Forcellinimarco.forcellini@iegexpo.itInternational Press Office Coordinator:Silvia Giorgisilvia.giorgi@iegexpo.itP. +39-0541-744814Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/723307/Italian_Exhibition_Group_Logo.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1817613/IEG_Corrado_Peraboni.jpgSOURCE Italian Exhibition Group",neutral,0.14,0.83,0.03,mixed,0.54,0.13,0.34,True,English,"['Italian Exhibition Group', 'first quarter', 'expectations', 'Italian Exhibition Group S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Italian Exhibition Group Press Contacts', 'SOURCE Italian Exhibition Group', 'International Press Office Coordinator', 'Press Office Manager', 'TTG Travel Experience', 'top European operators', 'international trade fairs', 'United Arab Emirates', 'Vicenza Convention Centre', 'Silvia Giorgi silvia', 'joint stock company', 'The Group', 'joint revenues', 'United States', 'trade shows', 'first quarter', 'darkest period', 'severe blow', 'primary importance', 'same quarter', 'coming months', 'successive staging', 'good sign', 'congress area', 'two venues', '1.5 million euros', '1.3 million euros', 'same period', 'Euronext Milan', 'regulated market', 'national leadership', 'local organisers', 'biennial events', 'Upcoming events', 'Corrado Peraboni', 'Marco Forcellini', 'CEO', 'IEG', 'participation', 'results', 'terms', 'volume', 'pricing', 'pandemic', 'world', 'March', 'Vicenzaoro', 'Sigep', 'standard-bearers', 'Italy', 'jewellery', 'food', 'figures', 'order', 'objectives', 'growth', 'EBITDA', 'rise', 'loss', 'portfolio', 'RiminiWellness', 'Ecomondo', '12 congresses', 'Palacongressi', 'recovery', 'facilities', 'years', 'organisation', 'conferences', 'development', 'activities', 'joint-ventures', 'global', 'China', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'India', 'example', 'sector', 'Logo', 'prnewswire', 'Photo']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,prnewswire.co.uk
4971,EuroNext,Google API,https://news.satnews.com/2022/05/16/tying-tuvalu-into-complete-satellite-connectivity-solutions-is-eutelsat/,Tying Tuvalu Into Complete Satellite Connectivity Solutions Is Eutelsat – SatNews,1 hour ago,Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) and The Tuvalu Telecommunications Corporation (TTC) have signed a contract for capacity on the EUTELSAT 172B satellite to support the extension of corporate networks for government offices and key enterprises of the Tuvalu Islands.Under the terms of this multi-year agreement  Tuvalu Telecommunications Corporation will be leveraging the unparalleled coverage of EUTELSAT 172B to fulfill its commitment to curb the digital divide in isolated areas. This agreement showcases — yet again — the full-fledged flagship role of satellite in providing a complete connectivity solution to end users.Artistic rendition of the Eutelsat 172B satellite.Tuvalu Telecommunications Corporation (TTC)  the sole provider of telecommunications in Tuvalu  is a state-owned enterprise that provides telecommunications and ICT services to subscribers on each of the islands and atolls of Tuvalu.Christophe Cazes  Eutelsat’s Regional Vice President for the APAC region  said  “With this agreement  TTC will leverage the EUTELSAT 172B satellite to unlock corporate networks for government agencies and businesses on the islands. It exemplifies yet again how satellites today are an essential technology in ensuring governments  businesses and other institutions can meet their connectivity goals.”Mrs. Tenanoia Simona  CEO of TTC  said  “Satellites are extremely well adapted to connect islands that are  by their very definition  cut-off and isolated from terrestrial networks. We are delighted to be able to work with Eutelsat to bring this much awaited connectivity service into our Islands  that will push the development of Tuvalu forward.”,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.71,0.23,0.06,True,English,"['Complete Satellite Connectivity Solutions', 'Tying Tuvalu', 'Eutelsat', 'SatNews', 'The Tuvalu Telecommunications Corporation', 'full-fledged flagship role', 'Regional Vice President', 'Mrs. Tenanoia Simona', 'complete connectivity solution', 'EUTELSAT 172B satellite', 'connectivity goals', 'connectivity service', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'Euronext Paris', 'corporate networks', 'government offices', 'key enterprises', 'unparalleled coverage', 'digital divide', 'isolated areas', 'end users', 'Artistic rendition', 'sole provider', 'state-owned enterprise', 'ICT services', 'Christophe Cazes', 'APAC region', 'government agencies', 'essential technology', 'other institutions', 'terrestrial networks', 'Tuvalu Islands', 'multi-year agreement', 'ETL', 'TTC', 'contract', 'capacity', 'extension', 'terms', 'commitment', 'subscribers', 'atolls', 'businesses', 'satellites', 'governments', 'CEO', 'definition', 'development']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,news.satnews.com
4972,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.thetradenews.com/tradetech-is-innovation-at-the-close-heading-in-the-wrong-direction/,TradeTech: Is innovation at the Close heading in the wrong direction?,7 hours ago,During a debate at the recent TradeTech 2022 in Paris  panellists expressed concerns that the extension of the Closing Auction should not be the focus for trading venues in the future.Panellists noted that the Close had evolved to include increased broker internalisation and participation from more sophisticated market makers. However  in light of the growing focus on the final few minutes of the day  panellists were divided in their views on how to innovate the Auction going forward.“We are observing interest in the Closing Auction. That’s a recurring dialogue. Over the last 10 years it’s like we’re now operating a bifurcated market and the nature of liquidity of the continuous session is so different ” said Euronext’s head of cash and derivatives  Simon Gallagher.“One thing exchange operators need to ask themselves is do we have the right parameters? Is five minutes too long? Should it be three or two minutes? Do we have the batching algorithm for the uncross? We have huge data available that participants should optimise.”However  other panellists suggested that in light of previous recent attempts to shorten market hours  this was not the direction the evolution of the Close should be headed in.“Here we are in mental health awareness week and it wasn’t too long ago that we were talking about shortening market hours and actually we’re extending them. I don’t see that as a good step forward ” said T Rowe Price’s head of equity trading for Europe  Jeremy Ellis.Other panellists noted the fractional levels of volumes traded in the pan-European markets in comparison with the US  despite already having extended market hours.“If you couldn’t find the other side of a trade by 4:30 and then can’t find it in the auction  what makes you think it’s going to magically pop up ” said one panellist.PriceConsidering the growing portion of order flow taking place at the Close  Euronext’s Gallagher was asked if he would consider any changes to do with pricing.Panellists noted that while Turquoise’s Trade At Last hadn’t attracted critical mass  Aquis’ Market at Close (MaC) had seen increasing market share as an alternative method for interacting with the Close using a lower cost model.“I think it is something Euronext should look at. We are supportive of Aquis as an innovator and the fee compression  the real benefit is on the fees. As an exchange operator  not just Euronext  if you looked at your cost model I think it would slash some of the competition ” said Brian Gallagher  head of electronic trading at Exane BNP Paribas.“There [are] no issues with client-to-client matching [on Aquis MaC] and pre-trade transparency means concerns around fragmentation means users are able to re-aggregate the volume with the theoretical uncrossed volume that’s happening on the primary exchange  whereas with an SI this isn’t available.”,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,mixed,0.17,0.17,0.66,True,English,"['wrong direction', 'TradeTech', 'innovation', 'Close', 'One thing exchange operators', 'mental health awareness', 'Exane BNP Paribas', 'previous recent attempts', 'sophisticated market makers', 'increasing market share', 'T Rowe Price', 'lower cost model', 'theoretical uncrossed volume', 'one panellist', 'primary exchange', 'recent TradeTech', 'bifurcated market', 'market hours', 'trading venues', 'broker internalisation', 'recurring dialogue', 'continuous session', 'right parameters', 'batching algorithm', 'huge data', 'good step', 'equity trading', 'Jeremy Ellis', 'fractional levels', 'pan-European markets', 'other side', 'growing portion', 'order flow', 'critical mass', 'alternative method', 'fee compression', 'real benefit', 'electronic trading', 'Aquis’ Market', 'Simon Gallagher', 'Brian Gallagher', 'Closing Auction', 'growing focus', 'last 10 years', 'two minutes', 'client matching', 'other panellists', 'trade transparency', 'Aquis MaC', 'debate', 'Paris', 'concerns', 'extension', 'future', 'Close', 'participation', 'light', 'final', 'day', 'views', 'interest', 'nature', 'liquidity', 'Euronext', 'head', 'cash', 'derivatives', 'three', 'participants', 'direction', 'evolution', 'volumes', 'place', 'changes', 'pricing', 'Turquoise', 'something', 'innovator', 'fees', 'competition', 'issues', 'fragmentation', 'users']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,thetradenews.com
4973,EuroNext,Bing API,https://nz.finance.yahoo.com/news/asm-international-n-v-announces-190000047.html,ASM INTERNATIONAL N.V. ANNOUNCES VOTING RESULTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS,Almere  the Netherlands May 16  2022 ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces the voting results of its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on May 16  2022  at the Van der Valk Hotel in Almere ,ASM International NVAlmere  the NetherlandsMay 16  2022ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces the voting results of its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on May 16  2022  at the Van der Valk Hotel in Almere  the Netherlands.The shareholders approved all resolutions as proposed to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders.The main approved resolutions include the following:Mr. Hichem M’Saad was appointed as a member of the Management Board and as the CTO. The Remuneration Policy for the Management Board and for the Supervisory Board were approved. Also Mr. Marc de Jong was reappointed as member of the Supervisory Board.Furthermore the financial statements for the year 2021 were adopted  the shareholders discharged the members of the Management Board and Supervisory Board from liability in relation to the exercise of their duties in the financial year 2021  and the shareholders also voted in favor of a regular dividend payment of €2.50 per common share.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com .Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.CONTACTStory continuesInvestor and media contact:Victor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,mixed,0.17,0.32,0.51,True,English,"['ASM INTERNATIONAL N.V. ANNOUNCES', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'VOTING RESULTS', 'THE', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'Van der Valk Hotel', 'Mr. Hichem M’Saad', 'Mr. Marc de Jong', 'Victor Bareño T', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'Annual General Meeting', 'regular dividend payment', 'common stock trades', 'The Remuneration Policy', 'ASM International NV', 'main approved resolutions', 'common share', 'voting results', 'Management Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'financial statements', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'market acceptance', 'new products', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'The Company', 'future developments', 'financial year', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'media contact', 'Almere', 'Netherlands', 'May', 'Shareholders', 'member', 'liability', 'relation', 'exercise', 'duties', 'favor', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'success', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'Story', 'Investor']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,nz.finance.yahoo.com
4974,EuroNext,Bing API,https://ca.news.yahoo.com/ferrari-n-v-periodic-report-171900337.html,FERRARI N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM,on a daily basis - on Euronext Milan (EXM) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as follows: EXM NYSE Total Trading Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price ...,Ferrari N.V.FERRARI N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM Maranello (Italy)  May 16  2022 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the sixth tranche of the common share buyback program announced on March 3  2022 (“Sixth Tranche”)  additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on Euronext Milan (EXM) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as follows:EXM NYSE Total Trading Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Date excluding fees excluding fees excluding fees (d/m/y) (€) (€) ($) ($) (€)* (€)* (€)* 09/05/2022 43 046 182.5652 7 858 701.55 19 438 191.8664 3 729 499.08 3 532 057.09 62 484 182.2988 11 390 758.64 10/05/2022 5 149 182.0510 937 380.75 21 252 189.5613 4 028 556.75 3 817 089.96 26 401 180.0868 4 754 470.71 11/05/2022 23 955 180.3957 4 321 380.00 7 043 190.6717 1 342 900.78 1 272 529.88 30 998 180.4603 5 593 909.88 12/05/2022 1 463 179.3079 262 327.45 9 050 187.7573 1 699 203.57 1 632 593.74 10 513 180.2455 1 894 921.19 13/05/2022 33 340 183.1045 6 104 705.00 - - - - 33 340 183.1045 6 104 705.00 106 953 182.1781 19 484 494.75 56 783 190.2006 10 800 160.18 10 254 270.68 163 736 181.6263 29 738 765.43 Total(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of the Sixth Tranche of the buyback program dated March 3  2022 till May 13  2022  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 99 999 990.00 for No. 527 592 common shares purchased on the EXM (equal to the full amount of the Sixth Tranche to be executed on EXM as announced on March 3  2022)USD 20 790 699.01 (Euro 19 387 633.57*) for No. 109 354 common shares purchased on the NYSE.Story continuesAs of May 13  2022  the Company held in treasury No. 11 065 151 common shares equal to 4.30% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since January 1  2019 until May 13  2022  the Company has purchased a total of 5 945 433 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  excluding transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 922 808 190.11.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['FERRARI N.V.', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'THE', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', 'EXM NYSE Total Trading Number', 'common share buyback program', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', 'Buyback Programs section', 'BUYBACK PROGRAM Maranello', 'special voting shares', 'Ferrari N.V.', 'additional common shares', 'No. 527,592 common shares', 'No. 109,354 common shares', '065,151 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'sixth tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'full amount', 'comprehensive overview', 'share capital', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'THE', 'Italy', 'May', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'March', 'fees', 'Date', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'Story', 'January', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment', '5,945,433']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,ca.news.yahoo.com
4975,EuroNext,Bing API,https://nz.finance.yahoo.com/news/initiation-share-buyback-employee-share-160500353.html,Initiation of a share buyback for Employee Share Purchase Programme,Scatec ASA (“Scatec” or the “Company“) has decided to initiate a buyback of up to 89 200 of its own shares for a total maximum amount of NOK 13 380 000. The buyback programme may be carried out in the period from this announcement and until 24 May 2022.,Scatec ASAOslo  16 May 2022: Scatec ASA (“Scatec” or the “Company“) has decided to initiate a buyback of up to 89 200 of its own shares for a total maximum amount of NOK 13 380 000. The buyback programme may be carried out in the period from this announcement and until 24 May 2022.The purpose of the programme is to acquire shares that can be sold to employees as part of the Company’s Employee Share Purchase Programme as announced in the stock exchange announcement published 9 May 2022 at 08.00 (CEST) in compliance with the EU Market Abuse Regulation article 5  and as approved by the General Meeting of the Company.The Company has engaged DNB Bank ASA to carry out the buyback. The buybacks will be made in accordance with the authorisation granted to the Board of Directors by the Company’s Annual General Meeting held on 29 April 2022. According to the authorisation  up to 1 131 004 shares may be purchased at a minimum of NOK 1 and a maximum of NOK 1 000 per share. The authorisation is valid until the Annual General Meeting in 2023  however no later than 30 June 2023.All acquisitions under the buyback programme will be executed on Euronext Oslo Børs. The execution of any repurchases will depend on market conditions  the buyback programme may be discontinued at any time and the Company may resolve to terminate the buyback programme before the threshold set out above is reached.Scatec does not hold any own shares as of the date of this announcement.For further information  please contact:Andreas Austrell  VP Investor Relations  ir@scatec.comAbout ScatecScatec is a leading renewable energy solutions provider  accelerating access to reliable and affordable clean energy in high growth markets. As a long-term player  we develop  build  own and operate renewable energy plants  with 3.5 GW of installed capacity across four continents today. We are targeting 15 GW of renewable capacity to be in operation or under construction by the end of 2025  delivered by our 600 passionate employees who are driven by a common vision of ‘Improving our Future’. Scatec is headquartered in Oslo  Norway and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol ‘SCATC’. To learn more  visit www.scatec.com or connect with us on LinkedIn .Story continuesThis information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.06,mixed,0.21,0.41,0.38,True,English,"['Employee Share Purchase Programme', 'share buyback', 'Initiation', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation article', 'leading renewable energy solutions provider', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Employee Share Purchase Programme', 'renewable energy plants', 'affordable clean energy', 'VP Investor Relations', 'high growth markets', 'DNB Bank ASA', 'Annual General Meeting', 'total maximum amount', 'Oslo Børs', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'stock exchange announcement', 'market conditions', 'renewable capacity', 'Andreas Austrell', 'long-term player', 'four continents', 'common vision', 'ticker symbol', 'disclosure requirements', 'buyback programme', 'Scatec ASA', '600 passionate employees', 'The Company', 'shares', 'NOK', 'period', '24 May', 'purpose', 'part', 'compliance', 'buybacks', 'accordance', 'authorisation', 'Board', 'Directors', '29 April', 'minimum', '30 June', 'acquisitions', 'Euronext', 'execution', 'repurchases', 'time', 'threshold', 'date', 'information', 'access', 'reliable', '3.5 GW', '15 GW', 'operation', 'construction', 'end', 'Future', 'Norway', 'SCATC', 'LinkedIn', 'Story', 'Section', '08.00']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,nz.finance.yahoo.com
4976,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,438 euros per ton of wheat - an absolute record on the European market. Data from the Euronext exchange.,nan,438 euros per ton of wheat - an absolute record on the European market. Data from the Euronext exchange.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['absolute record', 'European market', 'Euronext exchange', '438 euros', 'ton', 'wheat', 'Data', 'absolute record', 'European market', 'Euronext exchange', '438 euros', 'ton', 'wheat', 'Data']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,Unknown
4977,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,At #TradeTech  @theTRADEnews met with Simon Gallagher  our Head of Cash &amp; Derivatives  to understand @Euronext’s ma… https://t.co/EwmJbmXC02,nan,At #TradeTech  @theTRADEnews met with Simon Gallagher  our Head of Cash &amp; Derivatives  to understand @Euronext’s ma… https://t.co/EwmJbmXC02,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Simon Gallagher', 'Head', 'Cash', 'Derivatives', 'ma', 'EwmJbmXC02', 'Simon Gallagher', 'Head', 'Cash', 'Derivatives', 'ma', 'EwmJbmXC02']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,Unknown
4978,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,The price jumped to 435 euros ($453) per tonne as the Euronext market opened  up from the previous record of 422 eu… https://t.co/bBbOArIfLT,nan,The price jumped to 435 euros ($453) per tonne as the Euronext market opened  up from the previous record of 422 eu… https://t.co/bBbOArIfLT,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,True,English,"['Euronext market', 'previous record', 'price', '435 euros', 'tonne', '422 eu', 'bBbOArIfLT', 'Euronext market', 'previous record', 'price', '435 euros', 'tonne', '422 eu', 'bBbOArIfLT']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,Unknown
4979,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Aegon @euronext_nl Yeah  but I bet their customer service has missed by a mile.,nan,@Aegon @euronext_nl Yeah  but I bet their customer service has missed by a mile.,negative,0.01,0.06,0.93,negative,0.01,0.06,0.93,True,English,"['customer service', 'Aegon', 'mile', 'customer service', 'Aegon', 'mile']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,Unknown
4980,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#EureKING  a #SPAC steered by former European biopharma executives has raised 150 million on the @euronext to buy u… https://t.co/J9SyuGCn9d,nan,#EureKING  a #SPAC steered by former European biopharma executives has raised 150 million on the @euronext to buy u… https://t.co/J9SyuGCn9d,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,True,English,"['former European biopharma executives', 'J9SyuGCn9d', 'former European biopharma executives', 'J9SyuGCn9d']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,Unknown
4981,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Elkem  a subsidiary of Sinochem Holdings  is included in the new ESG Index from Oslo Børs  part of the Euronext gro… https://t.co/Z4WSyHZ7ai,nan,Elkem  a subsidiary of Sinochem Holdings  is included in the new ESG Index from Oslo Børs  part of the Euronext gro… https://t.co/Z4WSyHZ7ai,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['new ESG Index', 'Oslo Børs', 'Sinochem Holdings', 'Euronext gro', 'Elkem', 'subsidiary', 'part', 'Z4WSyHZ7ai', 'new ESG Index', 'Oslo Børs', 'Sinochem Holdings', 'Euronext gro', 'Elkem', 'subsidiary', 'part', 'Z4WSyHZ7ai']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,Unknown
4982,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#IMCD Group is proud to be included in the new AEX® ESG Index on the @Euronext Amsterdam  ranking the 25 “Best-in-C… https://t.co/whyv1Sbpvi,nan,#IMCD Group is proud to be included in the new AEX® ESG Index on the @Euronext Amsterdam  ranking the 25 “Best-in-C… https://t.co/whyv1Sbpvi,neutral,0.2,0.78,0.02,neutral,0.2,0.78,0.02,True,English,"['new AEX® ESG Index', 'whyv1Sbpvi', 'new AEX® ESG Index', 'whyv1Sbpvi']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,Unknown
4983,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Imarticus Learning collaborates with Euronext Group https://t.co/KVKmJl0T8q,nan,Imarticus Learning collaborates with Euronext Group https://t.co/KVKmJl0T8q,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Imarticus Learning', 'Euronext\xa0Group', 'KVKmJl0T8q', 'Imarticus Learning', 'Euronext\xa0Group', 'KVKmJl0T8q']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,Unknown
4984,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,4/ Maven Securities holds memberships on a number of global exchanges including Eurex  Euronext Amsterdam and Paris… https://t.co/slT7qrBLl6,nan,4/ Maven Securities holds memberships on a number of global exchanges including Eurex  Euronext Amsterdam and Paris… https://t.co/slT7qrBLl6,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Maven Securities', 'global exchanges', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'memberships', 'number', 'Eurex', 'Paris', 'Maven Securities', 'global exchanges', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'memberships', 'number', 'Eurex', 'Paris']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,Unknown
4985,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Reporting from @TradeTech  The TRADE speaks with Simon Gallagher about @euronext's plans to integrate the Italian m… https://t.co/A9V8aYtL1z,nan,Reporting from @TradeTech  The TRADE speaks with Simon Gallagher about @euronext's plans to integrate the Italian m… https://t.co/A9V8aYtL1z,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['The TRADE', 'Simon Gallagher', 'Italian m', 'TradeTech', 'plans', 'A9V8aYtL1z', 'The TRADE', 'Simon Gallagher', 'Italian m', 'TradeTech', 'plans', 'A9V8aYtL1z']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,Unknown
4986,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,EURONEXT SEPTEMBER WHEAT BL2U2 UP 4.5% AT 435.25 EUROS/T  NEW CONTRACT HIGH  FOLLOWING INDIAN EXPORT BAN,nan,EURONEXT SEPTEMBER WHEAT BL2U2 UP 4.5% AT 435.25 EUROS/T  NEW CONTRACT HIGH  FOLLOWING INDIAN EXPORT BAN,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['EURONEXT SEPTEMBER WHEAT BL2U2', 'FOLLOWING INDIAN EXPORT BAN', 'NEW CONTRACT HIGH', '435.25 EUROS', 'EURONEXT SEPTEMBER WHEAT BL2U2', 'FOLLOWING INDIAN EXPORT BAN', 'NEW CONTRACT HIGH', '435.25 EUROS']",2022-05-16,2022-05-16,Unknown
