UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
749,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse and Swiss state-run telecom Swisscom have settled securities transactions using different blockchain protocols.,nan,Deutsche Boerse and Swiss state-run telecom Swisscom have settled securities transactions using different blockchain protocols.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Swiss state-run telecom Swisscom', 'different blockchain protocols', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'securities transactions', 'Swiss state-run telecom Swisscom', 'different blockchain protocols', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'securities transactions']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
818,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@TedKempCNBC @LesliePicker @smeredith19 Doesn’t matterEuroclear and Clearstream won’t accept RUB as a valid currencyDTC only handles USD,nan,@TedKempCNBC @LesliePicker @smeredith19 Doesn’t matterEuroclear and Clearstream won’t accept RUB as a valid currencyDTC only handles USD,negative,0.02,0.46,0.52,negative,0.02,0.46,0.52,True,English,"['valid currency', 'TedKempCNBC', 'LesliePicker', 'smeredith19', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'RUB', 'DTC', 'USD', 'valid currency', 'TedKempCNBC', 'LesliePicker', 'smeredith19', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'RUB', 'DTC', 'USD']",2022-03-17,2022-03-23,Unknown
992,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,German securities trading marketplace Deutsche Börse has announced plans for around $315 mln of spending on new tec… https://t.co/u267aqkOBF,nan,German securities trading marketplace Deutsche Börse has announced plans for around $315 mln of spending on new tec… https://t.co/u267aqkOBF,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['German securities trading marketplace', 'Deutsche Börse', 'plans', '$315 mln', 'spending', 'u267aqkOBF', 'German securities trading marketplace', 'Deutsche Börse', 'plans', '$315 mln', 'spending', 'u267aqkOBF']",2022-03-18,2022-03-23,Unknown
1039,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Cyber Defense Team of Deutsche Börse &amp; Clearstream is expanding. New opportunities for Threat Hunting  Machine Lear… https://t.co/WYRUzxmT4h,nan,Cyber Defense Team of Deutsche Börse &amp; Clearstream is expanding. New opportunities for Threat Hunting  Machine Lear… https://t.co/WYRUzxmT4h,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['Cyber Defense Team', 'Deutsche Börse', 'New opportunities', 'Threat Hunting', 'Machine Lear', 'Clearstream', 'WYRUzxmT4h', 'Cyber Defense Team', 'Deutsche Börse', 'New opportunities', 'Threat Hunting', 'Machine Lear', 'Clearstream', 'WYRUzxmT4h']",2022-03-19,2022-03-23,Unknown
1040,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse  Commerzbank and MEAG have piloted a post-trade securities transaction via tokens.,nan,Deutsche Boerse  Commerzbank and MEAG have piloted a post-trade securities transaction via tokens.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['post-trade securities transaction', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Commerzbank', 'MEAG', 'tokens', 'post-trade securities transaction', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Commerzbank', 'MEAG', 'tokens']",2022-03-19,2022-03-23,Unknown
1049,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,#BoycottRussia Deutsche Telekom employs in St. Petersburg russians on a large scale and has decided to stay in Rus… https://t.co/Gin0IuUo46,nan,#BoycottRussia Deutsche Telekom employs in St. Petersburg russians on a large scale and has decided to stay in Rus… https://t.co/Gin0IuUo46,neutral,0.03,0.73,0.24,neutral,0.03,0.73,0.24,True,English,"['Deutsche Telekom', 'St. Petersburg', 'large scale', 'russians', 'Gin0IuUo46', 'Deutsche Telekom', 'St. Petersburg', 'large scale', 'russians', 'Gin0IuUo46']",2022-03-20,2022-03-23,Unknown
1050,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@Boycott_RU @jakluge @MelnykAndrij @deutschetelekom  wants to continue operating its IT from Russia. Deutsche Tele… https://t.co/Ht8YEyBjIR,nan,@Boycott_RU @jakluge @MelnykAndrij @deutschetelekom  wants to continue operating its IT from Russia. Deutsche Tele… https://t.co/Ht8YEyBjIR,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['Deutsche Tele', 'Boycott_RU', 'jakluge', 'MelnykAndrij', 'IT', 'Russia', 'Ht8YEyBjIR', 'Deutsche Tele', 'Boycott_RU', 'jakluge', 'MelnykAndrij', 'IT', 'Russia', 'Ht8YEyBjIR']",2022-03-20,2022-03-23,Unknown
1123,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,And if the tales of #Cedel #Clearstream are true in relation to the #Vatican Scandal and #RobertoCalvi… https://t.co/sjMigVm1Qg,nan,And if the tales of #Cedel #Clearstream are true in relation to the #Vatican Scandal and #RobertoCalvi… https://t.co/sjMigVm1Qg,negative,0.02,0.09,0.9,negative,0.02,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['tales', 'relation', 'sjMigVm1Qg', 'tales', 'relation', 'sjMigVm1Qg']",2022-03-21,2022-03-23,Unknown
1124,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@ForeignAffairs RU didn’t need China in particular or ClearStream  to “hide reserves;” it just needs to tap the off… https://t.co/28MlKh0pGE,nan,@ForeignAffairs RU didn’t need China in particular or ClearStream  to “hide reserves;” it just needs to tap the off… https://t.co/28MlKh0pGE,neutral,0.03,0.73,0.24,neutral,0.03,0.73,0.24,True,English,"['China', 'ClearStream', 'reserves', 'MlKh0pGE', 'China', 'ClearStream', 'reserves', 'MlKh0pGE']",2022-03-21,2022-03-23,Unknown
1125,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,#Sanctions #Russia #War #ClearingHouses #Systems #Secrecy #MoneyFlows #Euroclear #Clearstream #FollowTheMoney 💸… https://t.co/sRuQnZh8RD,nan,#Sanctions #Russia #War #ClearingHouses #Systems #Secrecy #MoneyFlows #Euroclear #Clearstream #FollowTheMoney 💸… https://t.co/sRuQnZh8RD,neutral,0.04,0.82,0.13,neutral,0.04,0.82,0.13,True,English,"['Russia #War', 'ClearingHouses #Systems', 'Sanctions', 'MoneyFlows', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'FollowTheMoney', 'sRuQnZh8RD', 'Russia #War', 'ClearingHouses #Systems', 'Sanctions', 'MoneyFlows', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'FollowTheMoney', 'sRuQnZh8RD']",2022-03-21,2022-03-23,Unknown
1126,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,C$211.36 - #FreeShipping | Shop with us today and enjoy up to 40%OFF!  Antennas Direct Clearstream 4V Indoor/Outdoo… https://t.co/aq8KuSTTgu,nan,C$211.36 - #FreeShipping | Shop with us today and enjoy up to 40%OFF!  Antennas Direct Clearstream 4V Indoor/Outdoo… https://t.co/aq8KuSTTgu,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['Clearstream 4V Indoor', '40%OFF', 'Antennas', 'Outdoo', 'aq8KuSTTgu', 'Clearstream 4V Indoor', '40%OFF', 'Antennas', 'Outdoo', 'aq8KuSTTgu']",2022-03-19,2022-03-23,Unknown
1127,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@PETEKEELEY I agree.  This is why HarperCollins is constitutionally required to publish my novel.  And Clearstream… https://t.co/qshUpA4KQV,nan,@PETEKEELEY I agree.  This is why HarperCollins is constitutionally required to publish my novel.  And Clearstream… https://t.co/qshUpA4KQV,neutral,0.05,0.84,0.11,neutral,0.05,0.84,0.11,True,English,"['PETEKEELEY', 'HarperCollins', 'novel', 'Clearstream', 'qshUpA4KQV', 'PETEKEELEY', 'HarperCollins', 'novel', 'Clearstream', 'qshUpA4KQV']",2022-03-19,2022-03-23,Unknown
1128,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Changes to the Settlement Process for Syndicated Bond Issuances through Euroclear and Clearstream https://t.co/RHBYKnijOh | by @dechertllp,nan,Changes to the Settlement Process for Syndicated Bond Issuances through Euroclear and Clearstream https://t.co/RHBYKnijOh | by @dechertllp,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Syndicated Bond Issuances', 'Settlement Process', 'Changes', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'RHBYKnijOh', 'Syndicated Bond Issuances', 'Settlement Process', 'Changes', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'RHBYKnijOh']",2022-03-19,2022-03-23,Unknown
1129,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Cyber Defense Team of Deutsche Börse &amp; Clearstream is expanding. New opportunities for Threat Hunting  Machine Lear… https://t.co/WYRUzxmT4h,nan,Cyber Defense Team of Deutsche Börse &amp; Clearstream is expanding. New opportunities for Threat Hunting  Machine Lear… https://t.co/WYRUzxmT4h,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['Cyber Defense Team', 'Deutsche Börse', 'New opportunities', 'Threat Hunting', 'Machine Lear', 'Clearstream', 'WYRUzxmT4h', 'Cyber Defense Team', 'Deutsche Börse', 'New opportunities', 'Threat Hunting', 'Machine Lear', 'Clearstream', 'WYRUzxmT4h']",2022-03-19,2022-03-23,Unknown
1133,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Trading in Deutsche Bank bonds  among others  started today. The papers carry an interest rate of 4% and mature in… https://t.co/Eu6cTszMwY,nan,Trading in Deutsche Bank bonds  among others  started today. The papers carry an interest rate of 4% and mature in… https://t.co/Eu6cTszMwY,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Bank bonds', 'interest rate', 'Trading', 'others', 'papers', 'Eu6cTszMwY', 'Deutsche Bank bonds', 'interest rate', 'Trading', 'others', 'papers', 'Eu6cTszMwY']",2022-03-21,2022-03-23,Unknown
1134,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The Photographers’ Gallery/Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation. Tracing Loss and Trauma  6:30pm  25 Mar 2022. ‘We… https://t.co/K4l1mA5dQD,nan,The Photographers’ Gallery/Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation. Tracing Loss and Trauma  6:30pm  25 Mar 2022. ‘We… https://t.co/K4l1mA5dQD,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation', 'The Photographers’ Gallery', 'Tracing', 'Loss', 'Trauma', '25 Mar', 'K4l1mA5dQD', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation', 'The Photographers’ Gallery', 'Tracing', 'Loss', 'Trauma', '25 Mar', 'K4l1mA5dQD']",2022-03-21,2022-03-23,Unknown
1174,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/russia-sends-66-million-coupon-091316562.html,Russia’s $66 Million Coupon Moves a Step Closer to Bondholders,(Bloomberg) -- Foreign holders of Russia’s sovereign bond maturing in 2029 are watching as the latest debt payment from the sanctioned nation draws closer to...,(Bloomberg) -- Foreign holders of Russia’s sovereign bond maturing in 2029 are watching as the latest debt payment from the sanctioned nation draws closer to completion.Most Read from BloombergThe $66 million coupon due March 21 was processed Tuesday by Russia’s National Settlement Depository  it said in a statement. Earlier in the day  the Finance Ministry said it had transferred the cash to the NSD  thus meeting its obligations “in full.” Four bondholders in Europe said they hadn’t received the payment as of 3.40 p.m. in London.From this point  the cash would typically journey to custodian banks  which hold assets for safekeeping  then to bondholders’ accounts. But given the sweeping sanctions in place against Russia following President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine  concerns will remain until the money actually lands in investors’ accounts.Billions of dollars of Russian government and company debt have been put in question after as much as two thirds of the country’s foreign currency reserves were frozen  as well as the overseas assets of numerous billionaires. Russia has at least $400 million of interest payments coming due over the next 10 weeks  as well as a $2 billion bond it must repay next month  data compiled by Bloomberg show. Last week  the government paid $117 million in coupon payments.“Using up their very finite foreign-currency reserves could be a good long term investment -- but that thinking clearly hasn’t been applied to the management of their reputation anywhere else ” said Gordon Shannon  a portfolio manager at TwentyFour Asset Management.Financial PlumbingUnlike the terms of the bonds with coupon payments last week  the March 2029 prospectus has a ruble-fallback option  which allows Russia to make the transfer in its local currency. That’s raised questions about the ultimate denomination of the payment and prompted investors to track it from the start.Story continuesREAD MORE: Inside Russia’s 96-Hour Cliffhanger to Sidestep Bond DefaultRussia sent the cash to JPMorgan Chase & Co.  which processed the payment after getting approvals from the U.S. Treasury Department  according to a person familiar with the matter  confirming a Reuters report earlier. Unlike the payment of the previous week  this bond’s prospectus states that the coupon settlement would be done through Russia’s central securities depository and Euroclear  one of the world’s biggest clearing houses. JPMorgan declined to comment earlier.It’s not a process investors typically follow. The back-office moves took center stage after sanctions and capital controls were imposed on Russia  and investors braced for a default. For now  the process is working  and not just for the sovereign.Credit Bank of Moscow  a lender the Russian central bank has designated systemically important  said it fulfilled an obligation to make a $9.7 million coupon payment on its $500 million September 2026 bond. Two bondholders  who declined to be named as they aren’t authorized to speak publicly about the matter  said they had received payment.Online lender Tinkoff Bank also paid its debt interest on time on its perpetual dollar-denominated notes. Multiple bondholders confirmed they had received a $6.94 million coupon due March 15  and a $9 million coupon due March 20.Corporates and the sovereign have shown willingness to meet their financial obligations -- a relief to investors who thought they wouldn’t see their cash after a presidential decree earlier in the month said some investors could be paid in rubles.The government is “paying because they have significant western assets that creditors would lay a claim on if they go to bankruptcy ” said Phillip Torres  a senior portfolio manager of emerging market debt at Aegon Asset Management in Chicago. “They are going to pay as long as they are able to. There is a real cost in going to bankruptcy that they would want to avoid.”(Updates with details throughout)Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek©2022 Bloomberg L.P.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.1,0.16,0.73,True,English,"['$66 Million Coupon', 'Russia', 'Step', 'Bondholders', 'good long term investment', 'U.S. Treasury Department', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'finite foreign-currency reserves', 'central securities depository', 'biggest clearing houses', 'perpetual dollar-denominated notes', 'National Settlement Depository', 'emerging market debt', 'TwentyFour Asset Management', 'Aegon Asset Management', 'foreign currency reserves', 'significant western assets', 'senior portfolio manager', 'Russian central bank', '2022 Bloomberg L.P.', '$500 million September 2026 bond', 'Sidestep Bond Default', 'latest debt payment', '$9.7 million coupon payment', 'coupon settlement', '$66 million coupon', '$6.94 million coupon', '$9 million coupon', 'Foreign holders', 'company debt', 'local currency', 'debt interest', 'Credit Bank', 'Tinkoff Bank', '$2 billion bond', 'coupon payments', 'Finance Ministry', 'Four bondholders', 'custodian banks', 'bondholders’ accounts', 'two thirds', 'overseas assets', 'numerous billionaires', 'interest payments', 'next 10 weeks', 'Gordon Shannon', 'Financial Plumbing', 'ruble-fallback option', 'ultimate denomination', '96-Hour Cliffhanger', 'Reuters report', 'previous week', 'back-office moves', 'center stage', 'capital controls', 'Two bondholders', 'Multiple bondholders', 'presidential decree', 'Phillip Torres', 'real cost', 'Russian government', 'Bloomberg show', 'Bloomberg Businessweek', 'sovereign bond', 'sweeping sanctions', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'Online lender', 'financial obligations', 'investors’ accounts', 'March 2029 prospectus', 'completion', 'statement', 'day', 'cash', 'NSD', 'Europe', 'London', 'point', 'safekeeping', 'place', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'concerns', 'money', 'Billions', 'dollars', 'question', 'country', 'data', 'thinking', 'reputation', 'terms', 'bonds', 'transfer', 'start', 'Story', 'Co.', 'approvals', 'person', 'matter', 'Euroclear', 'world', 'process', 'Moscow', 'time', 'Corporates', 'willingness', 'relief', 'month', 'rubles', 'creditors', 'claim', 'bankruptcy', 'Chicago', 'Updates', 'details', '3.40']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1176,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4497032-profit-with-xrp-token-from-ripple,Ripple: Buy The SEC Uncertainty  Sell The Settlement News (XPR-USD),Investors can buy now and sell when Ripple has settled or won the SEC's lawsuit alleging the illegal sale of unregistered securities. See more on XPR-USD here.,"gopixa/iStock Editorial via Getty ImagesRipple's (XRP-USD) XRP token represents a classic opportunity to buy during the market headwinds from the SEC lawsuit and sell on news of a settlement or outright legal victory. Despite hyped claims about the coin's future use for central banking  my research shows no reason to hold XRP for the long term.Ripple and XRP BackgroundRipple Labs is a U.S.-based technology company that develops the Ripple payment protocol and exchange network. About 10 years ago  it also created its own digital currency called XRP to enable money transfers over the internet. Then CEO Chris Larsen said at the time  ""We think this is the first viable alternative to correspondent banking.""According to the company:Ripple provides one frictionless experience to send money globally using the power of blockchain technology. By joining Ripple's growing  global network RippleNet  financial institutions can process their customers' payments anywhere in the world instantly  reliably and cost-effectively. Banks and payment providers can use the digital asset XRP to further reduce their costs and access new markets.Ripple is a privately funded company with many well-known angel investors  including Andreessen Horowitz  Lightspeed Venture Partners  Google Ventures  and IDG Capital Partners. It's important to understand that these companies have invested in Ripple the company  not necessarily XRP the token.Revenue comes from professional services provided to financial network operators  software built to integrate legacy financial systems with Ripple  and by regular sales of the XRP token. In December 2020  the SEC sued Ripple and executives Brad Garlinghouse (the CEO) and Chris Larsen (executive chairman of Ripple's board of directors and former CEO and co-founder of Ripple) for alleged illegal sales of unregistered securities related to the XRP token. Ripple has an immense financial war chest to fund their legal defense and is giving the SEC all it can handle in the ongoing back and forth battle.Of course  the SEC suit overhang has taken a toll on the price of the XRP token. But with any minor Ripple court victory  we see signs of relief.Examining the case to hold XRP long termTwitter is often not the place to find rational  evenhanded posts on any subject. But XRP Twitter inhabits a class of its own. The swarm of Ripple devotees is called the ""#XRPArmy"" and they are quick to defend the company and promote the token. Many claims are amazingly outlandish: ""XRP All The Monye"" makes the assumption that the token will become the standard for all finance in the future. But is there any supporting evidence for this?At the time of writing  XRP's price is around $0.77. One investment firm's managing director has said (with a straight face) that $10 000 to $35 000 a coin is possible because all central banks will use XRP as a bridge currency. But will they?There are four common misunderstandings about Ripple and XRP that cloud understanding of the token's adoption in the real world. We need to carefully scrutinize any announcements of institutions or central banks employing these products. Can we really infer XRP use in these cases?The first error is that RippleNet guarantees XRP use. Most announcements of Ripple deals are referring to the RippleNet global payment network. RippleNet is an established product that enables 200+ financial institutions worldwide to make faster  lower-cost payments across 40 countries. However  RippleNet does not automatically use XRP; that requires implementation of another dedicated product called ODL. As per Ripple:Through the On-Demand Liquidity (ODL) service  RippleNet leverages the digital asset XRP as a bridge between two currencies  allowing you to eliminate pre-funding of destination accounts  reduce operational costs and unlock capital.Ripple hopes that RippleNet will be a Trojan Horse for ODL and XRP adoption  but I've found little evidence of this happening. Conversely  there are strong reasons banks would not adopt XRP. First  utilizing an instrument in the U.S. government's regulatory crosshairs would be an ill-advised strategy. Also  since XRP is a public and transparent blockchain  financial organizations would be sensitive about broadcasting their transactions. Finally  most institutions would avoid committing themselves to a public market asset with a history of wild price swings driven by retail investors.The next fallacy is that any mention of R3 implies XRP usage. R3 Corda is perhaps the most popular tech partner for central bank digital currency (CBDC) trials  and has been tested by Riksbank (the central bank of Sweden)  Banque de France  the Swiss National Bank  the BIS Innovation Hub  the Reserve Bank of Australia  Bank Negara Malaysia  the Monetary Authority of Singapore  and the South African Reserve Bank. Their Token SDK Toolkit  which allows free and private transactions with the ability to prevent fraud  is much better suited for banking projects. R3′s platform was also chosen by the SWIFT Network over Ripple for its new payments standards framework Global Payments Innovation.R3 once had a partnership with Ripple  and integrated XRP into their Settler product  but had a major falling out over the terms of the agreement. Although the partnership has dissolved  many still conflate Corda implementations with XRP use  which is just not warranted.As per Todd McDonald  chief product officer and one of the R3 Founders:Corda Settler does not require the use of XRP... XRP happened to be the first sample integration... The SWIFT work is not in any way associated with XRP.Another misconception is that since Ripple is an ISO 20022 participant therefore every ISO 20022 project must use XRP. ISO 20022 is a multipart international standard prepared by ISO Technical Committee TC68 Financial Services. It describes a common platform for the development of messages. In essence  this is a standard way for disparate systems to integrate and produce more efficient financial transactions. Every major financial institution has adopted ISO 20022 in principle and is quickly moving toward implementation. The SWIFT Network itself is slated to switch to the protocol starting in November 2022.ISO 20022 has many member entities  including RippleNet. But it makes no sense to assume RippleNet is involved with every ISO 20022 implementation  or to believe XRP usage must be implied.Finally  there's the erroneous notion that Interledger also implies XRP use. Interledger is not a blockchain  a token  or a central service. Interledger is a standard way of bridging financial systems. Interledger is a protocol for sending packets of money across different payment networks or ledgers. One of the stated design goals for the protocol is neutrality. Therefore  it is not tied to any company  currency  or network. XRP is supported - just like many other coins and currencies - but is not required by the protocol for operation.Here are examples of supposed proof of real-world XRP use that fail under further scrutiny:This World Economic Forum document mentions XRP on page 17. But this is simply a list of examples  not an endorsement. SWIFT GPI and JPM Coin are also cited in the same paragraph. Published long before the SEC suit  one wonders if XRP would have still been considered a credible example if the WEF wrote this today.Banque de France did list both Ripple and Ethereum (along with other options) in their 2020 research paper  but later clarified the participants as Accenture (ACN)  Euroclear  HSBC (HSBC)  fund management platform Iznes  Liquidshare  ProsperUS  Seba Bank  and Société Générale (SocGen) (OTCPK:SCGLF) Forge.This blockchain deal announcement with the Saudi Arabia Central Bank and Ripple initially looked promising  but was later revealed to be a ""nothingburger."" For the subsequent Project Aber CBDC pilot  XRP was totally ruled out:Note that public blockchain protocols such as Ripple and Stellar  which are often positioned for cross-border remittance use cases  were ruled out because of the obvious need for permissioning and privacy for an interbank payment use case (which these protocols didn't support). Application of the qualification criteria resulted in shortlisting of the following three DLT platforms or protocols: R3 Corda  Hyperledger Fabric (HLF)  JPMC Quorum.This finding underscores how CBDC pilots have rejected public blockchains and instead substituted private tech like R3 Corda.Did the Royal Bank of Canada (RY) consider Ripple's tech for payment? Maybe  but there's no evidence that Canada actually ever used Ripple or XRP. In their 2019 Project Jasper-Ubin  a cross-border (Canada and Singapore) and cross-currency (CAD and SGD) trial  Corda and Quorum were used for atomic transactions based on HTLC. This is another example of Corda's popularity in the CBDC space.Did the Bank of England use XRP in a proof of concept? The devil is in the details here. The BoE did do a proof of concept with Ripple in 2017. From the project summary document:The Ripple solution utilized by the Bank was built around the open source Interledger Protocol that enables payments to be made across different ledgers and networks across the world. A ledger is essentially a file used to record transactions measured in terms of a monetary unit of account. The solution used Ripple Connect  which acted as the interface that enables an institution's internal systems to integrate with the Ripple network.Ripple Connect was the old name for a product that (as far as I can determine) did not use XRP. But either way  there's no evidence of any current usage of XRP by the Bank of England since that proof of concept ended.However  this Palau announcement is recent and real. From the Ripple press release:The partnership will initially focus on developing strategies for cross-border payments and a USD-backed digital currency for Palau. This could see the implementation of the world's first government-backed national stablecoin in the first half of 2022 for which Ripple would provide Palau with technical  business  design and policy support. Meanwhile  exploring a USD-backed stablecoin and associated use cases-such as a corporate registry-on the XRP Ledger could provide a viable alternative to central bank digital currencies (CBDCs) for countries like Palau. 'As part of our commitment to lead in financial innovation and technologies  we are delighted to partner with Ripple ' said President Surangel Whipps Jr. 'The first phase of the partnership will focus on a cross-border payments strategy and exploring options to create a national digital currency  providing the citizens of Palau with greater financial access.'I'll be tracking any the next phases of this project closely. Will Palau actually deploy the XRP Ledger?The second verified project and the only one I've found that plans the use of Ripple's CBDC Private Ledger is with the Royal Monetary Authority of Bhutan. From the announcement:Ripple  the leading provider of enterprise blockchain and crypto solutions for cross-border payments  today announced a collaboration with Bhutan's central bank  the Royal Monetary Authority  to pilot a central bank digital currency CBDC using Ripple's CBDC Private Ledger. 'Our collaboration with Ripple is testament to the potential of CBDCs to provide an alternative and sustainable digital payment instrument in Bhutan ' said Yangchen Tshogyel  deputy governor of the Royal Monetary Authority of Bhutan. 'Ripple's groundbreaking technology will allow for the experimentation of a CBDC with our existing payments infrastructure-while ensuring efficient and cost-effective cross-border transfers.'Ripple developed the Private Ledger product after it became obvious that public blockchains were totally unsuitable for CBDCs. The product intends to allow the creation of private ledger instances but retain links to the public XRP Ledger. There are open questions about how this linkage will be accomplished and what that means for the circulating supply of XRP.Bhutan is a small nation tucked between China and India that has about 750 000 citizens. I'll be tracking their CBDC progress especially in light of China pushing its own digital currency initiative.The three most influential players are China  the U.S.  and Europe. China is far down the path to launch its digital yuan. The Federal Reserve Bank of Boston and the Digital Currency Initiative at MIT recently released their initial technological research for a U.S. CBDC  with XRP nowhere to be found. Europe's efforts are fractured but zero documented CBDC pilots use XRP.Additionally  I attended (virtually) the BIS Innovation Summit in 2021 and am registered for the 2022 venue. As per BIS  the ""Innovation Summit brings together global policymakers  senior executives from the financial and technology industries  and academics to discuss technology and innovation."" Just like the 2021 summit  there are no presenters or speakers from Ripple in any sessions. The 2021 BIS Hackathon competition yielded three winning companies who presented solutions for synchronizing foreign exchange payments  bridging the last mile of cross-border payments  and resolving data correction and validation difficulties  all without using XRP.This summit represents the leading edge of Fintech activity for the established financial community - those who should be Ripple's target audience. Ripple's complete absence speaks volumes.In summary  despite the small trials with Palau and Bhutan  there's just not enough real-world verification of XRP adoption. CBDC trial projects are typically very well documented  along with specific technologies employed and participating partners. If XRP was being considered for any other trials  we'd know about it.Buy during uncertainty  sell on lawsuit resolution newsDo I see benefits from holding this token long term? No. But in the short to medium term  there is an opportunity. If the SEC suit is resolved either by a settlement or outright victory  there will likely be intense retail action. History shows a distinct and repeated pattern of price increases with any glimmer of good news in the SEC case.For example  in April 2021  Ripple won a legal battle for access to SEC discussions on defining crypto assets as securities. That news coincided with an explosive 75% rally in 30 hours. Then  XRP jumped 13% on May 30  2021  when Ripple stopped the SEC from accessing certain legal records. In October 2021  Judge Sarah Netburn issued a ruling in favor of Ripple Labs  which triggered a 17% rally in XRP's price.Again  we saw XRP quickly gain 30% in early February this year after Ripple got permission to explain the fair notice defense versus the SEC. And  most recently  the price increased 8% on March 11 when the SEC's motion to strike Ripple's fair notice affirmative defense was denied by Judge Analisa Torres.Of course  past performance is no guarantee for the future. But if winning minor legal battles against the SEC can spark significant increases  XRP investors could benefit immensely if Ripple is victorious in the war. Holders must watch for the news and be prepared; based on the examples from the past year  we can probably expect the gains to rapidly peak and then decline.Risks and LogisticsGarlinghouse says Ripple is confident the SEC's case will ultimately be dismissed  and Joseph Hall - a former managing executive for policy at the SEC - believes the regulator has a good chance of losing the lawsuit on the merits of the case. But it's still possible the SEC prevails.If that happens  any premium built into the price from the expectation of victory will immediately be lost. The amount of price decrease could depend on the specific outcome details and whether there's any path for further legal action by Ripple. However  it's doubtful the token would ever go to zero for several reasons.Since the SEC suit was announced  most U.S.-based exchanges have halted XRP trading for fear of selling an unregistered security if the government's position is upheld. But Asian exchanges are minimally influenced by SEC actions  and investors there are less sensitive to U.S. regulatory news. After U.S. exchanges had delisted XRP in early January 2021  data indicates the markets in Asia were the main driver of the price rally that powered a 50% gain. I would expect the Asian base of investors to remain relatively unaffected by a negative court outcome.Moreover  Japan-based financial services company SBI Holdings released a statement shortly after the suit was announced claiming XRP was a cryptocurrency asset under Japanese law  not a security. Disclosure: SBI is by no means a neutral party. They have financial relationships with Ripple  including investments and a joint venture blockchain payments firm called MoneyTap.In preceding crypto cases  the SEC focused on punishing the companies  not individual investors. It's true that Telegram canceled their Telegram Open Network project due to the company's ongoing legal fight with the SEC  but that token had not yet launched.In October 2020  Kik and the SEC settled their year-long legal battle with an agreement that levied a $5 million fine but preserved the token. Block.One paid $24 million after settling charges that it operated an unregistered securities sale with its $4.1 billion EOS raise. Interestingly  the settlement only applied to the original ERC-20 tokens that were swapped by holders for the current EOS token. Thus  that coin was not required to be registered as a security with the SEC and is still trading unrestricted today.Ripple does not have that same token swap option  so what would happen if XRP is deemed a security? Rather than continuing to suffer in the U.S. regulatory environment  Garlinghouse has publicly discussed the possibility of moving the company to a friendlier jurisdiction:The reality is what we'd probably do is just say  'OK  in order to provide certainty and clarity on a going-forward basis we would want to look at other markets and other jurisdictions where there is that clarity.' Earlier in this conversation  I highlighted the UK. I highlighted Japan. I highlighted Singapore.Any remaining U.S.-based exchanges offering XRP at that point might simply delist it rather than jump through the regulatory hoops required to offer a security. Large institutions with broker-dealer licenses might end up being the off-ramp for individual U.S. investors divesting themselves of XRP. However  this is speculation on my part as the process is yet undefined. The bottom line is that even in the scenario of an SEC victory  Ripple has options and the token will still have value outside the U.S.The SEC case has already been active for over a year; is a conclusion in sight? Jeremy Hogan as well as James Filan are good follows on Twitter for news about the proceedings. Hogan recently posted the following:When will Ripple vs. SEC case end? Ripple thinks it will end sometime between Aug. 26 and Nov. 18. In its pending class action  Ripple agreed to move the case start back to Nov. 18 in belief that the SEC case will be finished before then. Of course  it can settle anytime.Ripple court documents reveal their expected timeline for resolution - a window between Aug. 26 and Nov. 18  2022. He also notes that a settlement could end the case at any time  but from Ripple's perspective  regulatory clarity for the token is essential:Garlinghouse has revealed that a settlement is likely to occur on one condition  that the regulator is expected to clearly define the regulatory status of XRP.Garlinghouse states  'To the extent we can find a constructive path forward with the SEC  we  of course  want to find that. There's no scenario  though  that we're going to settle unless there's absolute certainty about what XRP is on a go-forward basis.'Where should you buy XRP? If Ripple prevails  U.S. investors using major exchanges like Coinbase  Binance  and Kraken may be caught flat footed in the middle of a rally waiting while these exchanges scramble to relist XRP.One of the few that still offer XRP right now is Uphold  and I have successfully transacted on the platform. Their daily maximum ACH bank transfer is limited to $2 500 per day  but crypto transfer amounts are much higher. So one strategy is to transfer the value you want to trade in ETH and exchange that directly for XRP. Other exchanges that say they serve U.S. customers and offer XRP are Gate.io  Kucoin  and BitYard. (Note that I have not used these services and make no claims about them.)As always  think for yourself and only invest what you can afford to lose. Especially in the wild world of crypto  there are no guarantees. We may not see ""XRP All The Money "" but savvy investors can position themselves to profit from upcoming events.",neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,mixed,0.1,0.11,0.79,True,English,"['The SEC Uncertainty', 'Settlement News', 'Ripple', 'XPR', 'USD', 'U.S.-based technology company', 'immense financial war chest', 'South African Reserve Bank', 'minor Ripple court victory', 'central bank digital currency', 'U.S. government', 'RippleNet global payment network', 'growing, global network', 'outright legal victory', 'one frictionless experience', 'Lightspeed Venture Partners', 'rational, evenhanded posts', 'One investment firm', 'four common misunderstandings', 'popular tech partner', 'Banque de France', 'Swiss National Bank', 'BIS Innovation Hub', 'Bank Negara Malaysia', 'legacy financial systems', 'faster, lower-cost payments', 'financial network operators', 'first viable alternative', 'alleged illegal sales', 'new payments standards', 'IDG Capital Partners', '200+ financial institutions', 'SEC suit overhang', 'digital asset XRP', 'wild price swings', 'Token SDK Toolkit', 'public market asset', 'Ripple payment protocol', 'CEO Chris Larsen', 'XRP long term', 'blockchain technology', 'payment providers', 'financial organizations', 'exchange network', 'SWIFT Network', ""customers' payments"", 'market headwinds', 'new markets', 'regular sales', 'legal defense', 'first error', 'central banking', 'bridge currency', 'iStock Editorial', 'Getty Images', 'classic opportunity', 'correspondent banking', 'funded company', 'angel investors', 'Andreessen Horowitz', 'Google Ventures', 'professional services', 'Brad Garlinghouse', 'executive chairman', 'former CEO', 'unregistered securities', 'ongoing back', 'forth battle', 'The Monye', 'supporting evidence', 'managing director', 'straight face', 'Demand Liquidity', 'two currencies', 'destination accounts', 'Trojan Horse', 'little evidence', 'strong reasons', 'regulatory crosshairs', 'transparent blockchain', 'most institutions', 'retail investors', 'next fallacy', 'CBDC) trials', 'Monetary Authority', 'banking projects', 'central banks', 'SEC lawsuit', 'XRP Background', 'XRP use', 'XRP usage', 'future use', 'money transfers', 'real world', 'Most announcements', 'dedicated product', 'ODL) service', 'operational costs', 'private transactions', 'Ripple Labs', 'Ripple devotees', 'Ripple deals', 'XRP token', 'R3 Corda', 'XRP Twitter', 'XRP adoption', 'Many claims', 'gopixa', 'news', 'settlement', 'coin', 'research', 'internet', 'time', 'power', 'companies', 'Revenue', 'software', 'December', 'executives', 'board', 'directors', 'founder', 'toll', 'signs', 'relief', 'case', 'place', 'subject', 'swarm', 'assumption', 'finance', 'writing', 'products', '40 countries', 'implementation', 'pre-funding', 'instrument', 'strategy', 'history', 'mention', 'Riksbank', 'Sweden', 'Australia', 'Singapore', 'free', 'ability', 'fraud', 'platform']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,seekingalpha.com
1178,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/invitation-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-boliden-ab-publ-301507556.html,Invitation to the Annual General Meeting of Boliden AB (publ),BOLIDEN  Sweden  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ --The shareholders of Boliden AB (publ) (company registration number 556051-4142) are summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  April 28  2022 at 1 p.m. (CET). The Annual General Meeting will b…,"BOLIDEN  Sweden  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ --The shareholders of Boliden AB (publ) (company registration number 556051-4142) are summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  April 28  2022 at 1 p.m. (CET). The Annual General Meeting will be held at Sara kulturhus in Skellefteå  Sweden. The meeting facilities will be open for registration and exhibition from 10 a.m. (CET) and for lunch from 11.30 a.m. (CET).The Board of Directors has decided that the shareholders will be able to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting also in advance (postal voting) in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Association  see below under ""Advance Voting (Postal Voting)"" for further information.ParticipationA) Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxymust be recorded as a shareholder in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden relating to the circumstances on Wednesday  April 20  2022 (see below regarding re-registration of nominee registered shares)  andmust give notice of participation to the company on the company's website  www.boliden.com  by telephone +46 8 32 94 29 or by regular mail to Boliden AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. When giving notice of participation  shareholders shall state their name  identification or registration number  address and telephone number as well as the number of attending assistants (maximum of two). Notice of participation must be received by the company no later than Friday  April 22  2022.B) Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal votingmust be recorded as a shareholder in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden relating to the circumstances on Wednesday  April 20  2022 (see below regarding re-registration of nominee registered shares)  andmust give notice of participation to the company by casting their postal vote so that the postal voting form is received by the company no later than Friday  April 22  2022 (see below under ""Advance Voting (Postal Voting)"" for further information).The information provided in the notice of participation will be processed and used only for the purpose of the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders who wish to participate at the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy must provide a notification of attendance in accordance with item A) under ""Participation"" above. A notification by postal voting only is not sufficient for shareholders wishing to attend the Annual General Meeting at the meeting facilities. A notification to participate at the meeting facilities will be confirmed by an entrance card  which shall be presented in connection with the registration at the Annual General Meeting.Nominee SharesFor shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting (at the meeting facilities or through postal voting). Such shareholder must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date Wednesday  April 20  2022. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration) and the request for such registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been completed by the nominee no later than April 22  2022 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.ProxyShareholders that are represented  or submit their postal vote  by proxy  must issue a power of attorney. A form for power of attorney is available on the company's website www.boliden.com. A power of attorney is valid for one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however not longer than a maximum of five years. A power of attorney issued by a legal person must be accompanied by a certified copy of the legal person's certificate of registration. The certificate of registration shall evidence the circumstances on the date of the Annual General Meeting and should not be older than one year at the time of the Annual General Meeting. Power of attorney  certificate of registration and other documents of authority are submitted by email to [email protected] or by mail to Boliden AB  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23  Stockholm  Sweden  well in advance of the day of the Annual General Meeting.Advance Voting (Postal Voting)A special form must be used for the postal votes. The form is available on the company's website www.boliden.com. Completed forms must be received by Boliden no later than Friday  April 22  2022.The completed postal voting form can be sent by e-mail to [email protected] or by mail to Boliden AB  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via the Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy. Such electronic votes must be submitted no later than April 22  2022. If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a power of attorney for the proxy must be attached to the postal voting form according to instructions under ""Proxy"" above. If the shareholder is a legal person  a copy of a certificate of registration or a corresponding document must be attached to the postal voting form.The shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form. In order to receive the form for postal voting by mail  please contact Euroclear Sweden at telephone +46 8 32 94 29  Monday to Friday between 09.00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m.Proposed AgendaOpening of the Annual General Meeting Election of the Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting register Approval of the agenda Election of two persons to verify the minutes together with the Chairman Determination whether the Meeting has been duly convened Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report as well as the consolidated financial statements and auditor's report for the Group (including the auditor's statement regarding the guidelines for remuneration to the Group Management in effect since the previous Annual General Meeting) Report on the work of the Board of Directors  its Remuneration Committee and its Audit Committee The President's address Report on the audit work during 2021 Resolutions on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet Resolution on appropriation of the company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet and determination of the record date for the right to receive dividend Resolution on discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the President Resolution on the number of Board members and auditors to be appointed by the Annual General Meeting Resolution on fees for the Board of Directors Election of the Members and Chairman of the Board of Directors Resolution on fees for the auditor Election of auditor Resolution on approval of remuneration report Resolution on instruction for the Nomination Committee Election of members of the Nomination Committee Resolution regarding automatic share redemption procedure includinga. share split 2:1b. reduction of the share capital through redemption of sharesc. increase of the share capital through a bonus issue Closing of the Annual General MeetingNomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee of Boliden has consisted of Jan Andersson (Swedbank Robur fonder)  Chairman  Lars-Erik Forsgårdh  Lilian Fossum Biner (Handelsbanken fonder)  Ola Peter Gjessing (Norges Bank Investment Management)  Anders Oscarsson (AMF) and Anders Ullberg (Chairman of the Board of Directors).Election of Chairman (item 2)The Nomination Committee proposes that Anders Ullberg be elected Chairman of the meeting.Resolution on the appropriation of the profit according to the adopted balance sheet and determination of the record date for the dividend (item 12)The Board of Directors proposes a dividend to the shareholders of SEK 10.50 (8.25) per share and that Monday  May 2  2022 shall be the record date for the right to receive dividends. Provided the Annual General Meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed through Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday  May 5  2022. Further distribution of funds to the shareholders of SEK 15.50 per share through an automatic redemption procedure is proposed in accordance with item 22 below.Resolution on the number of Board members and auditors appointed by the Annual General Meeting (item 14)The Nomination Committee proposes the appointment of seven Board members and one registered accounting firm as auditor.Resolution on fees for the Board of Directors (item 15)The Nomination Committee proposes that the Chairman of the Board shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 1 920 000 (1 830 000) and that each of the other Directors not employed by the company shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 640 000 (610 000); that the Chairman of the Audit Committee shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 250 000 (250 000); that each of the Audit Committee members shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 150 000 (150 000); and that both the Chairman and the other member of the Remuneration Committee shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 75 000 (50 000) each.Election of the Members and Chairman of the Board of Directors (item 16)Anders Ullberg and Michael G:son Löw have declined re-election. The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of Helene Biström  Per Lindberg  Perttu Louhiluoto  Elisabeth Nilsson  Pia Rudengren and Karl-Henrik Sundström  and new election of Tomas Eliasson. Tomas Eliasson  born 1962  holds an MSc in Economics and has previously been  among other things  the CFO of Sandvik  Electrolux and Assa Abloy. He has also been nominated as Board Member to the Board of Directors of Millicom International Cellular and Telia Company. The Nomination Committee also proposes new election of Karl-Henrik Sundström as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Resolution on fees for the auditor (item 17)The Nomination Committee proposes that the auditor's fees shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Election of auditor (item 18)The Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee  election of the accounting firm Deloitte AB as auditor for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.Resolution on approval of remuneration report (item 19)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to approve the Board of Directors' report regarding remuneration prepared in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Resolution on instruction for the Nomination Committee (item 20)The Nomination Committee proposes an amendment of the instruction for the Nomination committee to the effect that the Chairman of the Board shall be a co-opted (adjunct) member of the Nomination Committee instead of a regular member  and that no representative of the smaller shareholders is appointed. As a result  the Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on the following instruction for the Nomination Committee  to apply until the General Meeting decides otherwise.The Nomination Committee shall consist of a minimum of three and a maximum of five members. The Annual General Meeting elects three members to the Nomination Committee. These shall represent shareholders that at the end of the month preceding the issue of the notice for the Annual General Meeting are the three largest shareholders and who have consented to participate in the work of the Nomination Committee (""Large Shareholders""). The Chairman of the Board of Directors is a co-opted (adjunct) member of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee shall select a Chairman within the members at its inaugural meeting.In order to replace resigning members or to more accurately reflect the shareholder structure  the Nomination Committee may offer other larger shareholders to be represented on the Committee. If such offer is made  it shall be directed in order of priority to the next largest shareholder who is not already represented on the Committee.If a member represents a Large Shareholder who has divested the majority of its holding in the company and who thus subsequently no longer represents any of the five largest shareholders  the Nomination Committee shall resolve whether such member shall continue or resign from the Nomination Committee.If a Large Shareholder wishes to replace its representative on the Nomination Committee  notification thereof shall be sent to the Chairman of the Nomination Committee.The company shall publish changes in the composition of the Nomination Committee as soon as a change has occurred.The Nomination Committee shall act in the best interest of all shareholders and submit proposals to Annual General Meeting or  where applicable  to Extraordinary General Meetings  with respect to:Chairman at the Annual General Meetingnumber of Board membersBoard members and Chairman of the Boardfees to the Board of Directors  allocated between the Chairman and other Board membersfees for committee workauditorsfees to the company's auditorappointment of Nomination Committee membersNo compensation shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee. However  the company shall bear reasonable costs necessary for the performance of the assignment of the Nomination Committee.Election of members of the Nomination Committee (item 21)The Nomination Committee proposes that Lennart Franke (Swedbank Robur fonder)  Karin Eliasson (Handelsbanken fonder) and Patrik Jönsson (SEB fonder) are appointed as Nomination Committee members.Resolution regarding automatic share redemption procedure including a) share split 2:1  b) reduction of the share capital through redemption of shares and c) increase of the share capital through a bonus issue (item 22)BackgroundBoliden has generated substantial cash flows over the past year and the financial position is strong. At the end of the year  the net debt/equity ratio was minus 2 per cent  which means that the balance sheet is stronger than Boliden's target of about 20 per cent at economic peaks. The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on an automatic share redemption  which will not jeopardise the ability to handle any deterioration in market terms nor the ability to finance additional growth. Through this  each existing share is split into two shares (share split 2:1)  whereof one of those shares will automatically be redeemed at SEK 15.50. In addition to the proposed ordinary dividend of approximately SEK 2 872 million  approximately SEK 4 239 million will be distributed to the shareholders through this procedure. The dividend and the redemption amount to a total of approximately SEK 7 111 million  or SEK 26.00 per share. To achieve a quick and efficient redemption procedure the Board further proposes that the company's share capital is restored to its current amount by means of a bonus issue. In view hereof  the Board proposes that the meeting resolves in accordance with the following proposal.22 a) share split 2:1The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a share split 2:1  meaning that each existing share is divided into two shares  of which one is to be referred to as redemption share in the Euroclear system and be redeemed in the manner described under item b) below. The suggested record date at Euroclear for the share split is May 12  2022. The last trading day for the company's shares including the right to receive redemption shares will therefore be May 10  2022 and the first trading day for the company's shares excluding the right to receive redemption shares will be May 11  2022. After the share split  the number of shares in the company will increase from 273 511 169 to 547 022 338  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 1.06.22 b) reduction of the share capital through redemption of sharesThe Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company's share capital shall be reduced by SEK 289 457 169 (the reduction amount) for repayment to the shareholders. The reduction of the share capital will be made by means of redemption of 273 511 169 shares.The shares to be redeemed shall be those shares that  after the share split in accordance with item a) above  are referred to as redemption shares in the Euroclear system  whereby the record date for the right to receive redemption shares according to item a) above is May 12  2022. Trading in the redemption shares is estimated to take place as from May 13  2022 up to June 3  2022.For each redeemed share a redemption amount of SEK 15.50 will be paid in cash  of which approximately SEK 14.44 exceeds the quota value of the share. The total redemption amount is estimated to SEK 4 239 423 119.50. In addition to the reduction amount of SEK 289 457 169  an estimated amount of SEK 3 949 965 950.50 will be distributed  by use of the company's non-restricted equity. The record date for the right to receive the redemption amount is proposed to be June 8  2022. Payment of the redemption amount is estimated to be made by Euroclear on June 13  2022.Following the reduction  the company's share capital will amount to SEK 289 457 169  allocated on in total 273 511 169 shares  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 1.06. Apart from the reduction of the share capital  the company's restricted equity will not be affected.Pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13  fourth paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board hereby states the following.It follows from the proposal on reduction of share capital that the Board proposes that the company's share capital shall be reduced by SEK 289 457 169 through redemption of 273 511 169 shares  for repayment to the shareholders.To achieve a quick and efficient redemption procedure without the requirement of obtaining the Swedish Companies Registration Office's or a general court's permission  the Board has also proposed that the Annual General Meeting resolves on restoring the company's share capital to its current amount by increasing the share capital with SEK 289 457 169 by way of a bonus issue without issuance of new shares. The amount is to be transferred from the company's non-restricted equity to the company's share capital  in accordance with item c) below.Through the reduction of the share capital for repayment to the shareholders  the company's share capital is reduced by SEK 289 457 169 and through the bonus issue the company's share capital is increased by the same amount. The company's restricted equity and share capital will therefore remain unchanged after the implementation of the bonus issue22 c) increase of the share capital through a bonus issueFurther  to achieve a quick and efficient redemption procedure without the requirement of obtaining the Swedish Companies Registration Office's or a general court's permission  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a bonus issue to increase the company's share capital by SEK 289 457 169  to SEK 578 914 338  through a transfer of SEK 289 457 169 from the company's non-restricted equity. No new shares are to be issued in connection with the bonus issue.The number of shares in the company will  after implementation of the increase of the share capital  be 273 511 169  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 2.12.-------------------The resolutions by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with items a) – c) above are conditional upon each other and shall therefore be adopted as one resolution. In order for the resolution by the Annual General Meeting to be valid  the resolution must be approved by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Finally  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the company's President to make the minor adjustments to the resolutions in this item 22 that may be required in connection with the registration of the resolutions with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear.The Board's statement pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act as well as the Auditor's statements pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 8 and Section 14 of the Swedish Companies Act are provided separately.A separate information brochure regarding the proposed automatic share redemption procedure in accordance with this item will be provided before the Annual General Meeting.Shares and VotesThe company's share capital amounts to SEK 578 914 338 distributed among 273 511 169 shares and votes. The company holds no own shares.Further InformationInformation regarding all the proposed Board members of Boliden AB and the Nomination Committee's motivated statement are available on the company's website www.boliden.com.The annual report and the auditor's report  the auditor's statement on compliance with the guidelines for remuneration  etc. for the Group Management  the auditor's statements in accordance with Chapter 20  Section 8 and Chapter 20  Section 14 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board's motivated statement in accordance with Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 20  Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act  and the Board's remuneration report  are available on www.boliden.com and at the company's head office  Klarabergsviadukten 90 in Stockholm  Sweden  as of Thursday  April 7  2022. The documents may also be ordered from the company.Shareholders' right to informationThe Board of Directors and the President shall  if requested by a shareholder and if the Board deems that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may influence the assessment of either an item on the agenda  or the company's or a subsidiary's financial situation or the company's relation to another group company. Those who wish to pose questions in advance may submit these to Boliden AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or via e-mail to: [email protected].Processing of personal dataFor information on how personal data is processed in connection with the Annual General Meeting  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Stockholm  March 2022Boliden AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Klas Nilsson  Director Group Communications  phone: +46 70-453 65 88Mail: [email protected]Boliden is a metals company with a focus on sustainable development. Our roots are Nordic  our market global. Our core competence lies within the fields of exploration  mining  smelting and metal recycling. Boliden has around 6 000 employees and an annual turnover of around SEK 70 billion. The share is listed in the Large Cap segment on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/boliden/r/invitation-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-boliden-ab--publ- c3529577The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/997/3529577/1551745.pdf Press release (PDF)SOURCE Boliden",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.3,0.68,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Boliden AB', 'Invitation', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'P.O. Box', 'Voting rights registrations', 'longer time period', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'nominee registered shares', 'postal voting form', 'meeting facilities', 'company registration number', 'postal vote', 'Sara kulturhus', 'share register', 'attending assistants', 'entrance card', 'Such re-registration', 'one year', 'five years', 'certified copy', 'other documents', 'special form', 'Completed forms', 'BankID vi', 'Boliden AB', 'Advance Voting', 'Nominee Shares', 'other nominee', 'record date', 'issue date', 'telephone number', 'legal person', 'regular mail', 'Such shareholder', 'votes', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Thursday', 'April', 'CET', 'Skellefteå', 'exhibition', '10 a', 'lunch', '11.30 a', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'Association', 'information', 'Participation', 'proxy', 'circumstances', 'Wednesday', 'notice', 'website', 'Stockholm', 'name', 'identification', 'address', 'maximum', 'Friday', 'purpose', 'notification', 'attendance', 'item', 'connection', 'order', 'request', 'routines', 'account', 'preparation', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'authority', 'email', 'AGM', 'SE-101', 'verification']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,prnewswire.com
1179,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/annual-general-meeting-in-alfa-laval-ab-publ-301507943.html,Annual General Meeting in Alfa Laval AB (publ),LUND  Sweden  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Alfa Laval AB (publ) (Registration number 556587-8054 and registered office in Lund) are given notice to the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday  April 26  2022 The Annual General Meeting of Alfa …,LUND  Sweden  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Alfa Laval AB (publ) (Registration number 556587-8054 and registered office in Lund) are given notice to the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday  April 26  2022The Annual General Meeting of Alfa Laval AB will be held on Tuesday  April 26  2022  at 4.00 p.m. CET at Scandic Star Lund  Gastelyckan  Glimmervägen 5  Lund  Sweden. Registration starts at 3.30 p.m. Coffee will be served at the venue from 3.00 p.m.Alfa Laval follows the guidelines on the Covid-19 Pandemic issued by the Swedish Public Health Organization at any given time. Any changes that will affect the general meeting will be published on Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/. Shareholders showing any symptoms are kindly requested to refrain from attending the general meeting in person.The company's CEO presentation will be published on Alfa Laval's website http://www.alfalaval.se/investerare/ after the general meeting.Right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and notice of participationA shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting mustbe recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on April 14  2022   and notice participation as follows below.A shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by advance voting must notify its intention to participate in the general meeting by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Advance Voting below  so that the advance vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than April 20  2022 .must notify its intention to participate in the general meeting by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading below  so that the advance vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than . A shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy  must notify participation at the latest April 20  2022   to Euroclear Sweden AB. Notification of participation can either be made by phone to +46 8 402 91 98  Monday to Friday 9: 00 a.m. to 4.00 p.m.   or on the website https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy . Please state  name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying advisor(s) (maximum two).Nominee-registered sharesIn addition to providing notification of participation as described above  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on April 14  2022. The registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures. This means that the shareholder must notify the nominee in ample time. Voting right registrations completed no later than the second banking day after April 14  2022  is considered when preparing the register of shareholders.Advance VotingA special form for advance voting (postal voting) must be used. The form is available on Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/ under information about the Annual General Meeting. The completed voting form can either be sent by email to [email protected] or by mail to Alfa Laval AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. The advance vote must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than April 20  2022. A shareholder can also exercise its voting right electronically through Bank-ID verification. Further instructions can be found at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy . A shareholder who casts its advance vote electronically must submit the vote no later than April 20  2022. No special instructions  conditions  or other additions may be provided to the advance vote. An advance voting form containing any special instructions or conditions will make the vote invalid in its entirety. For further instructions and conditions  please see the form for advance voting.If a shareholder votes in advance as well as notifies its participation at the venue in person  the advance vote remains valid to the extent that the shareholder does not participate in a voting during the general meeting or otherwise withdraws the submitted advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting during the general meeting  the cast vote will replace the previously submitted advance vote on the item in question.For any questions regarding the advance voting or to request a voting form sent by mail  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB on telephone +46 8 402 91 98 (Monday to Friday 9.00 a.m. to 4.00 p.m.).Proxy etc.Shareholders who vote in advance by proxy must enclose a written and dated proxy together with the completed voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority must be enclosed as well.If a shareholder is represented by a proxy at the venue  a written and dated proxy  as well as a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority  should be sent by mail to Alfa Laval AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm well in advance of the general meeting and must otherwise be brought to the general meeting.A proxy form is available at Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the Annual General Meeting.2. Election of Chairman for the general meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting register.4. Approval of the agenda for the general meeting.5. Election of one or two persons to attest the minutes.6. Determination whether the general meeting has been duly convened.7. Statement by the CEO.8. Presentation of the annual report and the Auditor's report  as well as the consolidated annual report and the Auditor's report for the group  and the Auditor's report regarding compliance with the applicable Executive Remuneration Policy.9. Resolution ona. the adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b. allocation of the company's profit according to the adopted balance sheet  and record date for distribution of profits; andc. discharge from liability for members of the Board of Directors and the CEO.10. Presentation of the Board of Directors' remuneration report for approval.11. Determination of the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the general meeting as well as the number of Auditors and deputy Auditors.12. Determination of compensation to the Board of Directors and the Auditors.13. Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors  other members of the Board of Directors and deputy members of the Board of Directors  as well as Auditors and deputy Auditors.14. Resolution on reduction of the share capital by cancellation of shares in the company and on increase of the share capital through a bonus issue.15. Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to decide on purchase of shares in the company.16. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Proposed resolutionsItem 2The Nomination Committee proposes that the Chairman of the Board of Directors  Dennis Jönsson  is appointed Chairman of the 2022 Annual General Meeting.Item 9 (b)The Board of Directors proposes a distribution of profits in an amount of SEK 6 per share for 2021. Record date for the right to receive dividend is proposed to be April 28  2022. If the general meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  Euroclear Sweden AB is expected to pay the dividend on May 3  2022.Item 11 -13The Nomination Committee proposes as follows.Item 11: The number of members of the Board of Directors  who are elected by the general meeting  is proposed to be reduced by one person and thus consist of eight elected members with no deputies. Both the number of Auditors and the number of deputy Auditors are proposed to be two.Item 12: The compensation to the Board of Directors is proposed to be SEK 6 345 000 (SEK 6 770 000). The compensation is to be distributed among the members of the Board who are elected by the general meeting and not employed by the company  as follows:Chairman of the Board of Directors SEK 1 900 000(SEK 1 850 000) Other members of the Board of Directors SEK 635 000(SEK 615 000)In addition to the above proposed compensation  it is also proposed that additional compensation shall be distributed to the elected members of the Board who also hold a position in any of the Committees as follows below:Additional compensation to the Chairman of the Audit Committee SEK 300 000(SEK 250 000) Additional compensation to other members of the Audit Committee SEK 150 000 (SEK 150 000) Additional compensation to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee SEK 75 000 (SEK 75 000) Additional compensation to other members of the Remuneration Committee SEK 75 000 (SEK 75 000)Bracketed figures refer to compensation for year 2021. Please note that the total amount proposed for 2022 includes compensation for eight members of the Board compared to nine members in 2021.Compensation to the Auditors is proposed to be paid as per approved invoice.Item 13: The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Lilian Fossum Biner  Maria Moræus Hanssen  Dennis Jönsson  Henrik Lange  Ray Mauritsson  Finn Rausing  Jörn Rausing and Ulf Wiinberg  for the time up to the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023. Dennis Jönsson is proposed to be re-appointed as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Information on all members proposed as Board members and the Nomination Committee's reasoned statement are available at Alfa Laval's website  https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/ .In accordance with the Remuneration Committee's recommendation  the Nomination Committee proposes that the authorized public accountants Staffan Landén and Karoline Tedevall are re-elected as the company's Auditors for the forthcoming year  thus for the time up to the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023. The Nomination Committee further proposes that the authorized public accountants Henrik Jonzén and Andreas Mast are re-elected as the company's deputy Auditors for the forthcoming year  thus for the time up to the end of the 2023 Annual General Meeting.Item 14The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to reduce the share capital by cancellation of the 5 579 492 shares that currently have been repurchased under Alfa Laval AB's share buy-back program. The Board of Directors proposes that the reduction amount is transferred to the company's non-restricted equity  whereby the share capital is reduced by SEK 14 854 300.To restore the share capital after the reduction of the share capital  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting simultaneously resolves to increase the share capital by SEK 14 854 300 by way of a bonus issue without issuing new shares. The reduction amount is proposed to be transferred from the company's non-restricted equity.The Board of Director's report in accordance with Chapter 20  Section 13 of the Swedish Companies Act:The effect of the Board of Directors' proposal on reduction of the share capital is that the company's share capital and restricted equity will be reduced by SEK 14 854 300. The effect of the Board of Directors' proposal regarding increase of the share capital by way of a bonus issue is that the share capital and restricted equity will be increased by SEK 14 854 300. Thus  the combined effect is that neither the company's share capital nor the restricted equity is reduced. The auditors' statement in accordance with Chapter 20  Section 14 of the Swedish companies Act is included in the material for the Annual General Meeting.Item 15The Board of Directors proposes authorization to the Board of Directors to decide to purchase shares in the company as follows.The Board of Directors is authorized  during a period up until the Annual General Meeting 2023  to purchase shares in the company on as many occasions as it deems appropriate  however  only to the extent that the company's holding at no time exceeds five percent of the shares in the company that are not repurchased. Purchase shall be made on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price per share within the prevailing price interval. The purpose of the authorization is to give the Board the possibility to adjust the capital structure of the company until the next Annual General Meeting  after which the Board intends to propose that repurchased shares are cancelled and that a corresponding bonus issue of shares is initiated to restore the size of the share capital.Available documentsThe annual report and other basis for the resolutions  including the Nomination Committee's proposals and its reasoned statement  will be available on the company's website  www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/  no later than April 5  2022.Number of shares and votes in the companyAt the date of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in the company is 419 456 315. All shares are of the same class. Alfa Laval's holding of own shares amounts to 5 579 492 shares as of March 18  2022.Information at the Annual General MeetingThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and if the Board of Directors considers that this is possible without significant harm to the company  give information on circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the financial situation of the company or its subsidiaries and the company's relationship with another group company.Processing of personal dataFor information regarding the company's processing of personal data and shareholders rights  please see the Privacy Policy at: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf or contact the company at the following email address: [email protected].Lund  March 2022ALFA LAVAL AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsAlfa LavalBox 73 221 00 LUND+46 46 36 65 00+46 46 30 50 90http://www.alfalaval.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/alfa-laval/r/annual-general-meeting-in-alfa-laval-ab--publ- c3529881The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/905/3529881/1551936.pdf Notice to attend AGM 2022SOURCE Alfa Laval,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.02,0.15,0.83,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Alfa Laval AB', 'Swedish Public Health Organization', 'accompanying advisor(s', 'second banking day', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Alfa Laval AB', 'Scandic Star Lund', 'corporate registration number', 'voting right registration', 'advance voting form', 'Glimmervägen', 'Covid-19 Pandemic', 'CEO presentation', 'right registrations', 'postal voting', 'Bank-ID verification', 'other additions', 'legal entity', 'special form', 'cast vote', 'advance vote', 'share register', 'telephone number', 'ample time', 'Further instructions', 'special instructions', 'equivalent certificate', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'latest April', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'office', 'notice', 'Tuesday', 'CET', 'Gastelyckan', 'Coffee', 'venue', 'guidelines', 'changes', 'website', 'alfalaval', 'investors', 'corporate-governance', 'symptoms', 'person', 'participation', 'circumstances', 'intention', 'accordance', 'heading', 'proxy', 'Notification', 'Friday', '9: 00 a', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'state', 'name', 'address', 'procedures', 'information', 'email', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'extent', 'item', 'question', 'Monday', '9.00 a', 'written', 'dated', 'incorporation', 'authority', '4.00', '3.30', '3.00']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,prnewswire.com
1180,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.wjhg.com/prnewswire/2022/03/22/invitation-annual-general-meeting-boliden-ab-publ/,Invitation to the Annual General Meeting of Boliden AB (publ),,"BOLIDEN  Sweden  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ --The shareholders of Boliden AB (publ) (company registration number 556051-4142) are summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  April 28  2022 at 1 p.m. (CET). The Annual General Meeting will be held at Sara kulturhus in Skellefteå  Sweden. The meeting facilities will be open for registration and exhibition from 10 a.m. (CET) and for lunch from 11.30 a.m. (CET).The Board of Directors has decided that the shareholders will be able to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting also in advance (postal voting) in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Association  see below under ""Advance Voting (Postal Voting)"" for further information.ParticipationA) Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxymust be recorded as a shareholder in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden relating to the circumstances on Wednesday  April 20  2022 (see below regarding re-registration of nominee registered shares)  andmust give notice of participation to the company on the company's website  www.boliden.com  by telephone +46 8 32 94 29 or by regular mail to Boliden AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. When giving notice of participation  shareholders shall state their name  identification or registration number  address and telephone number as well as the number of attending assistants (maximum of two). Notice of participation must be received by the company no later than Friday  April 22  2022.B) Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal votingmust be recorded as a shareholder in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden relating to the circumstances on Wednesday  April 20  2022 (see below regarding re-registration of nominee registered shares)  andmust give notice of participation to the company by casting their postal vote so that the postal voting form is received by the company no later than Friday  April 22  2022 (see below under ""Advance Voting (Postal Voting)"" for further information).The information provided in the notice of participation will be processed and used only for the purpose of the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders who wish to participate at the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy must provide a notification of attendance in accordance with item A) under ""Participation"" above. A notification by postal voting only is not sufficient for shareholders wishing to attend the Annual General Meeting at the meeting facilities. A notification to participate at the meeting facilities will be confirmed by an entrance card  which shall be presented in connection with the registration at the Annual General Meeting.Nominee SharesFor shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting (at the meeting facilities or through postal voting). Such shareholder must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date Wednesday  April 20  2022. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration) and the request for such registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been completed by the nominee no later than April 22  2022 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.ProxyShareholders that are represented  or submit their postal vote  by proxy  must issue a power of attorney. A form for power of attorney is available on the company's website www.boliden.com. A power of attorney is valid for one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however not longer than a maximum of five years. A power of attorney issued by a legal person must be accompanied by a certified copy of the legal person's certificate of registration. The certificate of registration shall evidence the circumstances on the date of the Annual General Meeting and should not be older than one year at the time of the Annual General Meeting. Power of attorney  certificate of registration and other documents of authority are submitted by email to GeneralMeetingServices@euroclear.com or by mail to Boliden AB  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23  Stockholm  Sweden  well in advance of the day of the Annual General Meeting.Advance Voting (Postal Voting)A special form must be used for the postal votes. The form is available on the company's website www.boliden.com. Completed forms must be received by Boliden no later than Friday  April 22  2022.The completed postal voting form can be sent by e-mail to GeneralMeetingServices@euroclear.com or by mail to Boliden AB  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via the Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy. Such electronic votes must be submitted no later than April 22  2022. If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a power of attorney for the proxy must be attached to the postal voting form according to instructions under ""Proxy"" above. If the shareholder is a legal person  a copy of a certificate of registration or a corresponding document must be attached to the postal voting form.The shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form. In order to receive the form for postal voting by mail  please contact Euroclear Sweden at telephone +46 8 32 94 29  Monday to Friday between 09.00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m.Proposed AgendaOpening of the Annual General Meeting Election of the Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting register Approval of the agenda Election of two persons to verify the minutes together with the Chairman Determination whether the Meeting has been duly convened Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report as well as the consolidated financial statements and auditor's report for the Group (including the auditor's statement regarding the guidelines for remuneration to the Group Management in effect since the previous Annual General Meeting) Report on the work of the Board of Directors  its Remuneration Committee and its Audit Committee The President's address Report on the audit work during 2021 Resolutions on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet Resolution on appropriation of the company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet and determination of the record date for the right to receive dividend Resolution on discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the President Resolution on the number of Board members and auditors to be appointed by the Annual General Meeting Resolution on fees for the Board of Directors Election of the Members and Chairman of the Board of Directors Resolution on fees for the auditor Election of auditor Resolution on approval of remuneration report Resolution on instruction for the Nomination Committee Election of members of the Nomination Committee Resolution regarding automatic share redemption procedure includinga. share split 2:1b. reduction of the share capital through redemption of sharesc. increase of the share capital through a bonus issue Closing of the Annual General MeetingNomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee of Boliden has consisted of Jan Andersson (Swedbank Robur fonder)  Chairman  Lars-Erik Forsgårdh  Lilian Fossum Biner (Handelsbanken fonder)  Ola Peter Gjessing (Norges Bank Investment Management)  Anders Oscarsson (AMF) and Anders Ullberg (Chairman of the Board of Directors).Election of Chairman (item 2)The Nomination Committee proposes that Anders Ullberg be elected Chairman of the meeting.Resolution on the appropriation of the profit according to the adopted balance sheet and determination of the record date for the dividend (item 12)The Board of Directors proposes a dividend to the shareholders of SEK 10.50 (8.25) per share and that Monday  May 2  2022 shall be the record date for the right to receive dividends. Provided the Annual General Meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed through Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday  May 5  2022. Further distribution of funds to the shareholders of SEK 15.50 per share through an automatic redemption procedure is proposed in accordance with item 22 below.Resolution on the number of Board members and auditors appointed by the Annual General Meeting (item 14)The Nomination Committee proposes the appointment of seven Board members and one registered accounting firm as auditor.Resolution on fees for the Board of Directors (item 15)The Nomination Committee proposes that the Chairman of the Board shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 1 920 000 (1 830 000) and that each of the other Directors not employed by the company shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 640 000 (610 000); that the Chairman of the Audit Committee shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 250 000 (250 000); that each of the Audit Committee members shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 150 000 (150 000); and that both the Chairman and the other member of the Remuneration Committee shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 75 000 (50 000) each.Election of the Members and Chairman of the Board of Directors (item 16)Anders Ullberg and Michael G:son Löw have declined re-election. The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of Helene Biström  Per Lindberg  Perttu Louhiluoto  Elisabeth Nilsson  Pia Rudengren and Karl-Henrik Sundström  and new election of Tomas Eliasson. Tomas Eliasson  born 1962  holds an MSc in Economics and has previously been  among other things  the CFO of Sandvik  Electrolux and Assa Abloy. He has also been nominated as Board Member to the Board of Directors of Millicom International Cellular and Telia Company. The Nomination Committee also proposes new election of Karl-Henrik Sundström as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Resolution on fees for the auditor (item 17)The Nomination Committee proposes that the auditor's fees shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Election of auditor (item 18)The Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee  election of the accounting firm Deloitte AB as auditor for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.Resolution on approval of remuneration report (item 19)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to approve the Board of Directors' report regarding remuneration prepared in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Resolution on instruction for the Nomination Committee (item 20)The Nomination Committee proposes an amendment of the instruction for the Nomination committee to the effect that the Chairman of the Board shall be a co-opted (adjunct) member of the Nomination Committee instead of a regular member  and that no representative of the smaller shareholders is appointed. As a result  the Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on the following instruction for the Nomination Committee  to apply until the General Meeting decides otherwise.The Nomination Committee shall consist of a minimum of three and a maximum of five members. The Annual General Meeting elects three members to the Nomination Committee. These shall represent shareholders that at the end of the month preceding the issue of the notice for the Annual General Meeting are the three largest shareholders and who have consented to participate in the work of the Nomination Committee (""Large Shareholders""). The Chairman of the Board of Directors is a co-opted (adjunct) member of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee shall select a Chairman within the members at its inaugural meeting.In order to replace resigning members or to more accurately reflect the shareholder structure  the Nomination Committee may offer other larger shareholders to be represented on the Committee. If such offer is made  it shall be directed in order of priority to the next largest shareholder who is not already represented on the Committee.If a member represents a Large Shareholder who has divested the majority of its holding in the company and who thus subsequently no longer represents any of the five largest shareholders  the Nomination Committee shall resolve whether such member shall continue or resign from the Nomination Committee.If a Large Shareholder wishes to replace its representative on the Nomination Committee  notification thereof shall be sent to the Chairman of the Nomination Committee.The company shall publish changes in the composition of the Nomination Committee as soon as a change has occurred.The Nomination Committee shall act in the best interest of all shareholders and submit proposals to Annual General Meeting or  where applicable  to Extraordinary General Meetings  with respect to:Chairman at the Annual General Meetingnumber of Board membersBoard members and Chairman of the Boardfees to the Board of Directors  allocated between the Chairman and other Board membersfees for committee workauditorsfees to the company's auditorappointment of Nomination Committee membersNo compensation shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee. However  the company shall bear reasonable costs necessary for the performance of the assignment of the Nomination Committee.Election of members of the Nomination Committee (item 21)The Nomination Committee proposes that Lennart Franke (Swedbank Robur fonder)  Karin Eliasson (Handelsbanken fonder) and Patrik Jönsson (SEB fonder) are appointed as Nomination Committee members.Resolution regarding automatic share redemption procedure including a) share split 2:1  b) reduction of the share capital through redemption of shares and c) increase of the share capital through a bonus issue (item 22)BackgroundBoliden has generated substantial cash flows over the past year and the financial position is strong. At the end of the year  the net debt/equity ratio was minus 2 per cent  which means that the balance sheet is stronger than Boliden's target of about 20 per cent at economic peaks. The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on an automatic share redemption  which will not jeopardise the ability to handle any deterioration in market terms nor the ability to finance additional growth. Through this  each existing share is split into two shares (share split 2:1)  whereof one of those shares will automatically be redeemed at SEK 15.50. In addition to the proposed ordinary dividend of approximately SEK 2 872 million  approximately SEK 4 239 million will be distributed to the shareholders through this procedure. The dividend and the redemption amount to a total of approximately SEK 7 111 million  or SEK 26.00 per share. To achieve a quick and efficient redemption procedure the Board further proposes that the company's share capital is restored to its current amount by means of a bonus issue. In view hereof  the Board proposes that the meeting resolves in accordance with the following proposal.22 a) share split 2:1The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a share split 2:1  meaning that each existing share is divided into two shares  of which one is to be referred to as redemption share in the Euroclear system and be redeemed in the manner described under item b) below. The suggested record date at Euroclear for the share split is May 12  2022. The last trading day for the company's shares including the right to receive redemption shares will therefore be May 10  2022 and the first trading day for the company's shares excluding the right to receive redemption shares will be May 11  2022. After the share split  the number of shares in the company will increase from 273 511 169 to 547 022 338  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 1.06.22 b) reduction of the share capital through redemption of sharesThe Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company's share capital shall be reduced by SEK 289 457 169 (the reduction amount) for repayment to the shareholders. The reduction of the share capital will be made by means of redemption of 273 511 169 shares.The shares to be redeemed shall be those shares that  after the share split in accordance with item a) above  are referred to as redemption shares in the Euroclear system  whereby the record date for the right to receive redemption shares according to item a) above is May 12  2022. Trading in the redemption shares is estimated to take place as from May 13  2022 up to June 3  2022.For each redeemed share a redemption amount of SEK 15.50 will be paid in cash  of which approximately SEK 14.44 exceeds the quota value of the share. The total redemption amount is estimated to SEK 4 239 423 119.50. In addition to the reduction amount of SEK 289 457 169  an estimated amount of SEK 3 949 965 950.50 will be distributed  by use of the company's non-restricted equity. The record date for the right to receive the redemption amount is proposed to be June 8  2022. Payment of the redemption amount is estimated to be made by Euroclear on June 13  2022.Following the reduction  the company's share capital will amount to SEK 289 457 169  allocated on in total 273 511 169 shares  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 1.06. Apart from the reduction of the share capital  the company's restricted equity will not be affected.Pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13  fourth paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board hereby states the following.It follows from the proposal on reduction of share capital that the Board proposes that the company's share capital shall be reduced by SEK 289 457 169 through redemption of 273 511 169 shares  for repayment to the shareholders.To achieve a quick and efficient redemption procedure without the requirement of obtaining the Swedish Companies Registration Office's or a general court's permission  the Board has also proposed that the Annual General Meeting resolves on restoring the company's share capital to its current amount by increasing the share capital with SEK 289 457 169 by way of a bonus issue without issuance of new shares. The amount is to be transferred from the company's non-restricted equity to the company's share capital  in accordance with item c) below.Through the reduction of the share capital for repayment to the shareholders  the company's share capital is reduced by SEK 289 457 169 and through the bonus issue the company's share capital is increased by the same amount. The company's restricted equity and share capital will therefore remain unchanged after the implementation of the bonus issue22 c) increase of the share capital through a bonus issueFurther  to achieve a quick and efficient redemption procedure without the requirement of obtaining the Swedish Companies Registration Office's or a general court's permission  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a bonus issue to increase the company's share capital by SEK 289 457 169  to SEK 578 914 338  through a transfer of SEK 289 457 169 from the company's non-restricted equity. No new shares are to be issued in connection with the bonus issue.The number of shares in the company will  after implementation of the increase of the share capital  be 273 511 169  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 2.12.-------------------The resolutions by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with items a) – c) above are conditional upon each other and shall therefore be adopted as one resolution. In order for the resolution by the Annual General Meeting to be valid  the resolution must be approved by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Finally  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the company's President to make the minor adjustments to the resolutions in this item 22 that may be required in connection with the registration of the resolutions with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear.The Board's statement pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act as well as the Auditor's statements pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 8 and Section 14 of the Swedish Companies Act are provided separately.A separate information brochure regarding the proposed automatic share redemption procedure in accordance with this item will be provided before the Annual General Meeting.Shares and VotesThe company's share capital amounts to SEK 578 914 338 distributed among 273 511 169 shares and votes. The company holds no own shares.Further InformationInformation regarding all the proposed Board members of Boliden AB and the Nomination Committee's motivated statement are available on the company's website www.boliden.com.The annual report and the auditor's report  the auditor's statement on compliance with the guidelines for remuneration  etc. for the Group Management  the auditor's statements in accordance with Chapter 20  Section 8 and Chapter 20  Section 14 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board's motivated statement in accordance with Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 20  Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act  and the Board's remuneration report  are available on www.boliden.com and at the company's head office  Klarabergsviadukten 90 in Stockholm  Sweden  as of Thursday  April 7  2022. The documents may also be ordered from the company.Shareholders' right to informationThe Board of Directors and the President shall  if requested by a shareholder and if the Board deems that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may influence the assessment of either an item on the agenda  or the company's or a subsidiary's financial situation or the company's relation to another group company. Those who wish to pose questions in advance may submit these to Boliden AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or via e-mail to: arsstamma@boliden.com.Processing of personal dataFor information on how personal data is processed in connection with the Annual General Meeting  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Stockholm  March 2022Boliden AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Klas Nilsson  Director Group Communications  phone: +46 70-453 65 88Mail: klas.nilsson@boliden.comBoliden is a metals company with a focus on sustainable development. Our roots are Nordic  our market global. Our core competence lies within the fields of exploration  mining  smelting and metal recycling. Boliden has around 6 000 employees and an annual turnover of around SEK 70 billion. The share is listed in the Large Cap segment on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/997/3529577/1551745.pdf Press release (PDF)View original content:SOURCE Boliden",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.3,0.68,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Boliden AB', 'Invitation', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'P.O. Box', 'Voting rights registrations', 'longer time period', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'nominee registered shares', 'postal voting form', 'meeting facilities', 'company registration number', 'postal vote', 'Sara kulturhus', 'share register', 'attending assistants', 'entrance card', 'Such re-registration', 'one year', 'five years', 'certified copy', 'other documents', 'special form', 'Completed forms', 'Boliden AB', 'Advance Voting', 'Nominee Shares', 'other nominee', 'record date', 'issue date', 'telephone number', 'legal person', 'regular mail', 'Such shareholder', 'votes', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Thursday', 'April', 'CET', 'Skellefteå', 'exhibition', '10 a', 'lunch', '11.30 a', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'Association', 'information', 'Participation', 'proxy', 'circumstances', 'Wednesday', 'notice', 'website', 'Stockholm', 'name', 'identification', 'address', 'maximum', 'Friday', 'purpose', 'notification', 'attendance', 'item', 'connection', 'bank', 'order', 'request', 'routines', 'account', 'preparation', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'authority', 'email', 'GeneralMeetingServices', 'AGM']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,wjhg.com
1187,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.gurufocus.com/news/1668896/invitation-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-boliden-ab-publ,Invitation to the Annual General Meeting of Boliden AB (publ),1 day ago,"PR NewswireBOLIDEN  Sweden  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ --The shareholders of Boliden AB (publ) (company registration number 556051-4142) are summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  April 28  2022 at 1 p.m. (CET). The Annual General Meeting will be held at Sara kulturhus in Skellefteå  Sweden. The meeting facilities will be open for registration and exhibition from 10 a.m. (CET) and for lunch from 11.30 a.m. (CET).The Board of Directors has decided that the shareholders will be able to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting also in advance (postal voting) in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Association  see below under ""Advance Voting (Postal Voting)"" for further information.ParticipationA) Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxymust be recorded as a shareholder in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden relating to the circumstances on Wednesday  April 20  2022 (see below regarding re-registration of nominee registered shares)  andmust give notice of participation to the company on the company's website  www.boliden.com  by telephone +46 8 32 94 29 or by regular mail to Boliden AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. When giving notice of participation  shareholders shall state their name  identification or registration number  address and telephone number as well as the number of attending assistants (maximum of two). Notice of participation must be received by the company no later than Friday  April 22  2022.B) Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal votingmust be recorded as a shareholder in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden relating to the circumstances on Wednesday  April 20  2022 (see below regarding re-registration of nominee registered shares)  andmust give notice of participation to the company by casting their postal vote so that the postal voting form is received by the company no later than Friday  April 22  2022 (see below under ""Advance Voting (Postal Voting)"" for further information).The information provided in the notice of participation will be processed and used only for the purpose of the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders who wish to participate at the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy must provide a notification of attendance in accordance with item A) under ""Participation"" above. A notification by postal voting only is not sufficient for shareholders wishing to attend the Annual General Meeting at the meeting facilities. A notification to participate at the meeting facilities will be confirmed by an entrance card  which shall be presented in connection with the registration at the Annual General Meeting.Nominee SharesFor shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting (at the meeting facilities or through postal voting). Such shareholder must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date Wednesday  April 20  2022. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration) and the request for such registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been completed by the nominee no later than April 22  2022 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.ProxyShareholders that are represented  or submit their postal vote  by proxy  must issue a power of attorney. A form for power of attorney is available on the company's website www.boliden.com. A power of attorney is valid for one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however not longer than a maximum of five years. A power of attorney issued by a legal person must be accompanied by a certified copy of the legal person's certificate of registration. The certificate of registration shall evidence the circumstances on the date of the Annual General Meeting and should not be older than one year at the time of the Annual General Meeting. Power of attorney  certificate of registration and other documents of authority are submitted by email to [email protected] or by mail to Boliden AB  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23  Stockholm  Sweden  well in advance of the day of the Annual General Meeting.Advance Voting (Postal Voting)A special form must be used for the postal votes. The form is available on the company's website www.boliden.com. Completed forms must be received by Boliden no later than Friday  April 22  2022.The completed postal voting form can be sent by e-mail to [email protected] or by mail to Boliden AB  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via the Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy. Such electronic votes must be submitted no later than April 22  2022. If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a power of attorney for the proxy must be attached to the postal voting form according to instructions under ""Proxy"" above. If the shareholder is a legal person  a copy of a certificate of registration or a corresponding document must be attached to the postal voting form.The shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form. In order to receive the form for postal voting by mail  please contact Euroclear Sweden at telephone +46 8 32 94 29  Monday to Friday between 09.00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m.Proposed AgendaOpening of the Annual General Meeting Election of the Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting register Approval of the agenda Election of two persons to verify the minutes together with the Chairman Determination whether the Meeting has been duly convened Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report as well as the consolidated financial statements and auditor's report for the Group (including the auditor's statement regarding the guidelines for remuneration to the Group Management in effect since the previous Annual General Meeting) Report on the work of the Board of Directors  its Remuneration Committee and its Audit Committee The President's address Report on the audit work during 2021 Resolutions on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet Resolution on appropriation of the company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet and determination of the record date for the right to receive dividend Resolution on discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the President Resolution on the number of Board members and auditors to be appointed by the Annual General Meeting Resolution on fees for the Board of Directors Election of the Members and Chairman of the Board of Directors Resolution on fees for the auditor Election of auditor Resolution on approval of remuneration report Resolution on instruction for the Nomination Committee Election of members of the Nomination Committee Resolution regarding automatic share redemption procedure includinga. share split 2:1b. reduction of the share capital through redemption of sharesc. increase of the share capital through a bonus issue Closing of the Annual General MeetingNomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee of Boliden has consisted of Jan Andersson (Swedbank Robur fonder)  Chairman  Lars-Erik Forsgårdh  Lilian Fossum Biner (Handelsbanken fonder)  Ola Peter Gjessing (Norges Bank Investment Management)  Anders Oscarsson (AMF) and Anders Ullberg (Chairman of the Board of Directors).Election of Chairman (item 2)The Nomination Committee proposes that Anders Ullberg be elected Chairman of the meeting.Resolution on the appropriation of the profit according to the adopted balance sheet and determination of the record date for the dividend (item 12)The Board of Directors proposes a dividend to the shareholders of SEK 10.50 (8.25) per share and that Monday  May 2  2022 shall be the record date for the right to receive dividends. Provided the Annual General Meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed through Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday  May 5  2022. Further distribution of funds to the shareholders of SEK 15.50 per share through an automatic redemption procedure is proposed in accordance with item 22 below.Resolution on the number of Board members and auditors appointed by the Annual General Meeting (item 14)The Nomination Committee proposes the appointment of seven Board members and one registered accounting firm as auditor.Resolution on fees for the Board of Directors (item 15)The Nomination Committee proposes that the Chairman of the Board shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 1 920 000 (1 830 000) and that each of the other Directors not employed by the company shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 640 000 (610 000); that the Chairman of the Audit Committee shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 250 000 (250 000); that each of the Audit Committee members shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 150 000 (150 000); and that both the Chairman and the other member of the Remuneration Committee shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 75 000 (50 000) each.Election of the Members and Chairman of the Board of Directors (item 16)Anders Ullberg and Michael G:son Löw have declined re-election. The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of Helene Biström  Per Lindberg  Perttu Louhiluoto  Elisabeth Nilsson  Pia Rudengren and Karl-Henrik Sundström  and new election of Tomas Eliasson. Tomas Eliasson  born 1962  holds an MSc in Economics and has previously been  among other things  the CFO of Sandvik  Electrolux and Assa Abloy. He has also been nominated as Board Member to the Board of Directors of Millicom International Cellular and Telia Company. The Nomination Committee also proposes new election of Karl-Henrik Sundström as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Resolution on fees for the auditor (item 17)The Nomination Committee proposes that the auditor's fees shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Election of auditor (item 18)The Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee  election of the accounting firm Deloitte AB as auditor for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.Resolution on approval of remuneration report (item 19)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to approve the Board of Directors' report regarding remuneration prepared in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Resolution on instruction for the Nomination Committee (item 20)The Nomination Committee proposes an amendment of the instruction for the Nomination committee to the effect that the Chairman of the Board shall be a co-opted (adjunct) member of the Nomination Committee instead of a regular member  and that no representative of the smaller shareholders is appointed. As a result  the Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on the following instruction for the Nomination Committee  to apply until the General Meeting decides otherwise.The Nomination Committee shall consist of a minimum of three and a maximum of five members. The Annual General Meeting elects three members to the Nomination Committee. These shall represent shareholders that at the end of the month preceding the issue of the notice for the Annual General Meeting are the three largest shareholders and who have consented to participate in the work of the Nomination Committee (""Large Shareholders""). The Chairman of the Board of Directors is a co-opted (adjunct) member of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee shall select a Chairman within the members at its inaugural meeting.In order to replace resigning members or to more accurately reflect the shareholder structure  the Nomination Committee may offer other larger shareholders to be represented on the Committee. If such offer is made  it shall be directed in order of priority to the next largest shareholder who is not already represented on the Committee.If a member represents a Large Shareholder who has divested the majority of its holding in the company and who thus subsequently no longer represents any of the five largest shareholders  the Nomination Committee shall resolve whether such member shall continue or resign from the Nomination Committee.If a Large Shareholder wishes to replace its representative on the Nomination Committee  notification thereof shall be sent to the Chairman of the Nomination Committee.The company shall publish changes in the composition of the Nomination Committee as soon as a change has occurred.The Nomination Committee shall act in the best interest of all shareholders and submit proposals to Annual General Meeting or  where applicable  to Extraordinary General Meetings  with respect to:Chairman at the Annual General Meetingnumber of Board membersBoard members and Chairman of the Boardfees to the Board of Directors  allocated between the Chairman and other Board membersfees for committee workauditorsfees to the company's auditorappointment of Nomination Committee membersNo compensation shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee. However  the company shall bear reasonable costs necessary for the performance of the assignment of the Nomination Committee.Election of members of the Nomination Committee (item 21)The Nomination Committee proposes that Lennart Franke (Swedbank Robur fonder)  Karin Eliasson (Handelsbanken fonder) and Patrik Jönsson (SEB fonder) are appointed as Nomination Committee members.Resolution regarding automatic share redemption procedure including a) share split 2:1  b) reduction of the share capital through redemption of shares and c) increase of the share capital through a bonus issue (item 22)BackgroundBoliden has generated substantial cash flows over the past year and the financial position is strong. At the end of the year  the net debt/equity ratio was minus 2 per cent  which means that the balance sheet is stronger than Boliden's target of about 20 per cent at economic peaks. The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on an automatic share redemption  which will not jeopardise the ability to handle any deterioration in market terms nor the ability to finance additional growth. Through this  each existing share is split into two shares (share split 2:1)  whereof one of those shares will automatically be redeemed at SEK 15.50. In addition to the proposed ordinary dividend of approximately SEK 2 872 million  approximately SEK 4 239 million will be distributed to the shareholders through this procedure. The dividend and the redemption amount to a total of approximately SEK 7 111 million  or SEK 26.00 per share. To achieve a quick and efficient redemption procedure the Board further proposes that the company's share capital is restored to its current amount by means of a bonus issue. In view hereof  the Board proposes that the meeting resolves in accordance with the following proposal.22 a) share split 2:1The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a share split 2:1  meaning that each existing share is divided into two shares  of which one is to be referred to as redemption share in the Euroclear system and be redeemed in the manner described under item b) below. The suggested record date at Euroclear for the share split is May 12  2022. The last trading day for the company's shares including the right to receive redemption shares will therefore be May 10  2022 and the first trading day for the company's shares excluding the right to receive redemption shares will be May 11  2022. After the share split  the number of shares in the company will increase from 273 511 169 to 547 022 338  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 1.06.22 b) reduction of the share capital through redemption of sharesThe Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company's share capital shall be reduced by SEK 289 457 169 (the reduction amount) for repayment to the shareholders. The reduction of the share capital will be made by means of redemption of 273 511 169 shares.The shares to be redeemed shall be those shares that  after the share split in accordance with item a) above  are referred to as redemption shares in the Euroclear system  whereby the record date for the right to receive redemption shares according to item a) above is May 12  2022. Trading in the redemption shares is estimated to take place as from May 13  2022 up to June 3  2022.For each redeemed share a redemption amount of SEK 15.50 will be paid in cash  of which approximately SEK 14.44 exceeds the quota value of the share. The total redemption amount is estimated to SEK 4 239 423 119.50. In addition to the reduction amount of SEK 289 457 169  an estimated amount of SEK 3 949 965 950.50 will be distributed  by use of the company's non-restricted equity. The record date for the right to receive the redemption amount is proposed to be June 8  2022. Payment of the redemption amount is estimated to be made by Euroclear on June 13  2022.Following the reduction  the company's share capital will amount to SEK 289 457 169  allocated on in total 273 511 169 shares  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 1.06. Apart from the reduction of the share capital  the company's restricted equity will not be affected.Pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13  fourth paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board hereby states the following.It follows from the proposal on reduction of share capital that the Board proposes that the company's share capital shall be reduced by SEK 289 457 169 through redemption of 273 511 169 shares  for repayment to the shareholders.To achieve a quick and efficient redemption procedure without the requirement of obtaining the Swedish Companies Registration Office's or a general court's permission  the Board has also proposed that the Annual General Meeting resolves on restoring the company's share capital to its current amount by increasing the share capital with SEK 289 457 169 by way of a bonus issue without issuance of new shares. The amount is to be transferred from the company's non-restricted equity to the company's share capital  in accordance with item c) below.Through the reduction of the share capital for repayment to the shareholders  the company's share capital is reduced by SEK 289 457 169 and through the bonus issue the company's share capital is increased by the same amount. The company's restricted equity and share capital will therefore remain unchanged after the implementation of the bonus issue22 c) increase of the share capital through a bonus issueFurther  to achieve a quick and efficient redemption procedure without the requirement of obtaining the Swedish Companies Registration Office's or a general court's permission  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a bonus issue to increase the company's share capital by SEK 289 457 169  to SEK 578 914 338  through a transfer of SEK 289 457 169 from the company's non-restricted equity. No new shares are to be issued in connection with the bonus issue.The number of shares in the company will  after implementation of the increase of the share capital  be 273 511 169  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 2.12.-------------------The resolutions by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with items a) – c) above are conditional upon each other and shall therefore be adopted as one resolution. In order for the resolution by the Annual General Meeting to be valid  the resolution must be approved by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Finally  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the company's President to make the minor adjustments to the resolutions in this item 22 that may be required in connection with the registration of the resolutions with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear.The Board's statement pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act as well as the Auditor's statements pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 8 and Section 14 of the Swedish Companies Act are provided separately.A separate information brochure regarding the proposed automatic share redemption procedure in accordance with this item will be provided before the Annual General Meeting.Shares and VotesThe company's share capital amounts to SEK 578 914 338 distributed among 273 511 169 shares and votes. The company holds no own shares.Further InformationInformation regarding all the proposed Board members of Boliden AB and the Nomination Committee's motivated statement are available on the company's website www.boliden.com.The annual report and the auditor's report  the auditor's statement on compliance with the guidelines for remuneration  etc. for the Group Management  the auditor's statements in accordance with Chapter 20  Section 8 and Chapter 20  Section 14 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board's motivated statement in accordance with Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 20  Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act  and the Board's remuneration report  are available on www.boliden.com and at the company's head office  Klarabergsviadukten 90 in Stockholm  Sweden  as of Thursday  April 7  2022. The documents may also be ordered from the company.Shareholders' right to informationThe Board of Directors and the President shall  if requested by a shareholder and if the Board deems that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may influence the assessment of either an item on the agenda  or the company's or a subsidiary's financial situation or the company's relation to another group company. Those who wish to pose questions in advance may submit these to Boliden AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or via e-mail to: [email protected].Processing of personal dataFor information on how personal data is processed in connection with the Annual General Meeting  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Stockholm  March 2022Boliden AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Klas Nilsson  Director Group Communications  phone: +46 70-453 65 88Mail: [email protected]Boliden is a metals company with a focus on sustainable development. Our roots are Nordic  our market global. Our core competence lies within the fields of exploration  mining  smelting and metal recycling. Boliden has around 6 000 employees and an annual turnover of around SEK 70 billion. The share is listed in the Large Cap segment on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/boliden/r/invitation-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-boliden-ab--publ- c3529577The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/997/3529577/1551745.pdf Press release (PDF)View original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/invitation-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-boliden-ab-publ-301507556.htmlSOURCE Boliden",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.3,0.68,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Boliden AB', 'Invitation', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'P.O. Box', 'Voting rights registrations', 'longer time period', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'nominee registered shares', 'postal voting form', 'meeting facilities', 'company registration number', 'postal vote', 'PR Newswire', 'Sara kulturhus', 'share register', 'attending assistants', 'entrance card', 'Such re-registration', 'one year', 'five years', 'certified copy', 'other documents', 'special form', 'Completed forms', 'Boliden AB', 'Advance Voting', 'Nominee Shares', 'other nominee', 'record date', 'issue date', 'telephone number', 'legal person', 'regular mail', 'Such shareholder', 'votes', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Thursday', 'April', 'CET', 'Skellefteå', 'exhibition', '10 a', 'lunch', '11.30 a', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'Association', 'information', 'Participation', 'proxy', 'circumstances', 'Wednesday', 'notice', 'website', 'Stockholm', 'name', 'identification', 'address', 'maximum', 'Friday', 'purpose', 'notification', 'attendance', 'item', 'connection', 'bank', 'order', 'request', 'routines', 'account', 'preparation', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'authority', 'email', 'AGM', 'verification']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,gurufocus.com
1212,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.thetradenews.com/fca-awards-full-uk-emir-license-to-regis-tr-uk/,FCA awards full UK EMIR license to REGIS-TR UK,1 day ago,The UK’s Financial Conduct Authority has finally issued a full UK EMIR license to trade repository REGIS-TR UK  which has been providing EMIR regulatory reporting services since the first business day after Brexit on 4 January  2021.REGIS-TR UK was incorporated in March 2019  just months before the EMIR refit came into force in June of that year. The sister company of Luxembourg-based European trade repository REGIS-TR  which was first founded in 2010  the UK branch was launched specifically to provide continuity of service to UK clients post-Brexit  with an initial focus on EMIR reporting.“The UK continues to be a major player in European and global finance even when separated from the EU  and it is paramount that we maintain continuous and unified services for our UK clients and the market ” said Phil Brown  chairman of the board of directors at REGIS-TR  at the time of launch.John Kernan  CEO of REGIS-TR UK said: “We have had a successful start to UK EMIR reporting since it began in January last year  and we are delighted to be the first TR to receive our full license from the FCA. In the interest of stability for both our clients and the market  it was a natural expansion of REGIS-TR to set up a TR in the UK prior to Brexit and we have also been pleased to see how our offering has resonated with new clients as well as existing ones. We are looking forward to continuing this growth with a full license.”Regis-TR was founded by Clearstream  as part of a joint venture with Iberclear. In September 2021  SIX acquired a 50% stake in REGIS-TR from Clearstream  with the transaction expected to close in the first half of 2022. As part of the deal SIX’s subsidiary  Iberclear  will become sole shareholder of REGIS-TR.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['full UK EMIR license', 'REGIS-TR UK', 'FCA', 'EMIR regulatory reporting services', 'Luxembourg-based European trade repository', 'full UK EMIR license', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'first business day', 'UK EMIR reporting', 'full license', 'EMIR refit', 'unified services', 'first half', 'The UK', 'UK branch', 'sister company', 'initial focus', 'major player', 'global finance', 'Phil Brown', 'John Kernan', 'successful start', 'natural expansion', 'joint venture', 'sole shareholder', 'UK clients', 'first TR', 'new clients', 'REGIS-TR UK', 'Brexit', '4 January', 'March', 'force', 'June', 'year', 'continuity', 'continuous', 'market', 'chairman', 'board', 'directors', 'time', 'launch', 'CEO', 'FCA', 'interest', 'stability', 'offering', 'existing', 'growth', 'Clearstream', 'part', 'Iberclear', 'September', 'SIX', '50% stake', 'transaction', 'deal', 'subsidiary', '2022']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,thetradenews.com
1213,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NOVOLIPETSK-STEEL-8382818/news/Novolipetsk-Steel-Clarification-regarding-the-coupon-payment-for-the-Loan-Participation-Notes-due-39830937/,Novolipetsk Steel : Clarification regarding the coupon payment for the Loan Participation Notes due 2024,1 day ago,"Novolipetsk Steel (the ""Company"") informs that the scheduled coupon payment under the Loan Participation Notes (XS1577953174) due 2024 (the 'Notes') was successfully processed on 21 March 2022. The Company has duly performed its obligations under the Notes in accordance with their terms.The Company has received a confirmation that foreign noteholders started to receive their coupon payments.However  the coupon payments did not reach the noteholders based in Russia. This is due to the fact that International Central Securities Depositories Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia's National Settlement Depository. We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents.Novolipetsk Steel remains fully committed to perform its obligations towards noteholders irrespective of the jurisdiction. We currently consider alternative ways to deliver the coupon payments to the noteholders based in Russia.About NLMK GroupNLMK Group is the largest steelmaker in Russia and one of the most efficient in the world.NLMK Group's steel products are used in various industries  from construction and machine building to the manufacturing of power-generation equipment and offshore wind turbines.NLMK operates production facilities in Russia  Europe  and the United States. The Company's steel production capacity exceeds 18 million tonnes per year.For more details on NLMK Group  please visit our website.For NLMK Group's photos and corporate videos  please visit our media library.",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['Loan Participation Notes', 'Novolipetsk Steel', 'coupon payment', 'Clarification', 'International Central Securities Depositories', 'National Settlement Depository', 'offshore wind turbines', 'steel production capacity', 'Loan Participation Notes', 'production facilities', 'Novolipetsk Steel', 'steel products', 'coupon payment', 'legal grounds', 'Russian residents', 'alternative ways', 'largest steelmaker', 'various industries', 'machine building', 'power-generation equipment', 'United States', '18 million tonnes', 'corporate videos', 'media library', 'NLMK Group', 'The Company', 'foreign noteholders', 'payments', '21 March', 'obligations', 'accordance', 'terms', 'confirmation', 'fact', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'transactions', 'jurisdiction', 'world', 'construction', 'Europe', 'year', 'details', 'website', 'photos']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,marketscreener.com
1217,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Flint  a Division of ClearStream is proud to be headlining as a strategic partner for @Suncor as the area looks to… https://t.co/eciV4DwMEu,nan,Flint  a Division of ClearStream is proud to be headlining as a strategic partner for @Suncor as the area looks to… https://t.co/eciV4DwMEu,neutral,0.23,0.75,0.02,neutral,0.23,0.75,0.02,True,English,"['strategic partner', 'Flint', 'Division', 'ClearStream', 'area', 'eciV4DwMEu', 'strategic partner', 'Flint', 'Division', 'ClearStream', 'area', 'eciV4DwMEu']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,Unknown
1219,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.etfstream.com/features/why-opportunity-knocks-in-european-listed-etf-options/,Why opportunity knocks in European-listed ETF options,1 day ago,Why opportunity knocks in European-listed ETF optionsThe ETF options market in Europe remains small; however  do not underestimate their role in portfolio construction and risk managementThe versatility of the ETF structure has always been one of its greatest strengths and this is no less true when it comes to options markets. Put and call options on ETFs – and more broadly ETPs – in Europe have received far less attention than what their ingenuity and usefulness would suggest.As financial markets move into a new regime of higher rates with spikes in volatility more likely  ETP options can be a very valuable tool for investors looking to achieve specific investment outcomes or to manage risk. Below we introduce some of the key strategies that we have used for clients of our options advisory service.The European ETP options landscape consists of options on 23 equity ETFs  six fixed income ETFs and nine exchange-traded commodities – from four ETP issuers (BlackRock  DWS  WisdomTree and a gold ETC from Deutsche Boerse).The options landscape is distinct from ETFs which have an embedded options strategy such as the increasingly popular Global X NASDAQ 100 Covered Call ETF (QYLD).With a notional open interest on listed ETP options of over €830m  as at the end of January  investors have only just begun to utilise this opportunity in Europe. This open interest  while far from a perfect measure of product adoption  is dwarfed by notional open interest of over €1.2trn on listed European equity index options.US popularityETP options in the US are also significantly more popular and liquid  with notional open interest on the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY) alone being over $680nm  as at December 2020. In Europe  the key reason for the relative insignificance of ETP options is largely legacy in nature; however  there are several differences between index and ETP options:Liquidity (index options are generally more liquid than ETP options)Settlement (index options are cash-settled  ETP options are physically settled)Exercise (index options are European-style  exercisable on expiry  while ETP options are a mix of European-style and American-style  exercisable at any time before expiry)Dividends (some ETFs pay dividends  and this may prompt early exercise by the option holder to receive the dividend if it is larger than the remaining time value of the option)The physical settlement of ETP options can be an important benefit  as this can help reduce both execution risk and trading costs on date of exercise of the option.Assuming investors want to receive – or deliver – an ETP  physical settlement may be preferable to cash settlement  which then requires an extra trade to purchase – or – the ETP itself  which comes with trading costs (bid/offer spreads and brokerage) and execution risk that the trade may not execute at the desired time or price.Removing emotionPhysical settlement may work well in a cash-covered put writing strategy where an investor sells out-the-money put options generating a premium but has a desire to own the ETP at a lower price. If the ETP price falls  the investor is put into the ETP (physically settled)  as cash held in the investor’s account is automatically used to fund the exercise (purchase).From a behavioural perspective  implementing a cash-covered put writing strategy removes the emotional aspects of having to decide to buy the underlying ETP when markets fall as the investor is forced to exercise. It therefore also requires the investor to be comfortable owning the underlying exposure represented by the ETP.The opportunistic use of cash-covered put writing strategy can yield very respectable premiums  especially when the writing of the options coincides with a spike in volatility – which have been frequent and relatively large in magnitude as seen in the VIX chart. With a view of continued spikes in volatility – not least driven by geopolitics and reserve bank rhetoric – this may remain an attractive strategy.Covered call writing on long ETP positions  generating extra income  is another useful strategy for ETP options  although physical settlement may trigger tax consequences if the existing position has unrealised gains and needs to be delivered. There are many other useful option strategies  some more suited to physical settlement  although they all require careful risk management.Another benefit is that ETP options can allow for investment strategies to be more accurately implemented. An investment strategy  such as hedging  can be most accurately implemented when using a derivative on the exact same underlying instrument. For example  when hedging exposure to fixed income ETFs using credit default swaps  it may be less effective than using an ETF option on the exact same underlying ETF (with the same index and the same risks).Changing strategiesWhile the current selection of ETP options in Europe is largely based on some of the more established ETPs  the strategies can and do change over time. They may track a new index (we have seen a flurry of ETFs changing to track equivalent ESG indices) the index itself may change its methodology (the DAX index went from tracking 30 to 40 of the largest companies in Germany in September 2021) or other changes may arise.While ETP options volumes in Europe are relatively low  US ETF options markets are currently telling several interesting stories  some of which are also showing up in European markets. Put option open interest on US corporate investment grade and high yield are at near all-time highs  which is unsurprising given negative market views on duration and widening credit spreads.One of the biggest challenges that ETP options face in Europe is their relative lack of liquidity.The simplicity and transparency of options listed on Eurex  for example  is appealing but on-screen liquidity can often appear poor (i.e. wide bid/offer spreads). Therefore  as with trading ETPs themselves  better execution might be achieved using Request for Quote (RFQ).This critical conversation about liquidity is no different – and no less important – than it is with the execution of ETPs themselves. Prices and volume as seen on order books are not representative of true liquidity.With a proliferation of different strike prices and expiry dates  it is common to have no open interest across parts of the chain in European ETP options.Another key challenge is the limited range of ETPs on which there are options  however  this goes hand-in-hand with investor demand and is something that we hope will broaden as the adoption of ETPs and ETP options improves.ETP options in Europe  while currently largely under the radar  present investors with an interesting opportunity to help achieve their investment risk and return objectives.They have their challenges  principally around liquidity and breadth of available underlying ETPs but the unique non-linear payoff profile of options and their physical settlement (meaning reduced execution risk and trading costs on exercise) allows them to be very effective instruments for portfolio construction and risk management.Andrew Limberis is investment manager at Omba Advisory & InvestmentsThis article first appeared in ETF Insider  ETF Stream's monthly ETF magazine for professional investors in Europe. To access the full issue  click here.Related articles,neutral,0.04,0.86,0.1,mixed,0.22,0.17,0.61,True,English,"['European-listed ETF options', 'opportunity', 'popular Global X NASDAQ 100 Covered Call ETF', 'SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust', 'many other useful option strategies', 'The European ETP options landscape', 'cash-covered put writing strategy', 'exact same underlying instrument', 'exact same underlying ETF', 'six fixed income ETFs', 'European equity index options', 'nine exchange-traded commodities', 'reserve bank rhetoric', 'credit default swaps', 'European-listed ETF options', 'ETF options market', 'notional open interest', 'specific investment outcomes', 'options advisory service', 'embedded options strategy', 'four ETP issuers', 'long ETP positions', 'remaining time value', 'careful risk management', 'listed ETP options', 'useful strategy', 'ETF structure', 'investment strategy', 'same index', 'underlying ETP', 'attractive strategy', 'extra income', 'same risks', '23 equity ETFs', 'investment strategies', 'underlying exposure', 'key strategies', 'Changing strategies', 'option holder', 'new index', 'portfolio construction', 'greatest strengths', 'less attention', 'new regime', 'higher rates', 'valuable tool', 'gold ETC', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'perfect measure', 'product adoption', 'key reason', 'relative insignificance', 'several differences', 'execution risk', 'trading costs', 'bid/offer spreads', 'behavioural perspective', 'emotional aspects', 'opportunistic use', 'respectable premiums', 'VIX chart', 'tax consequences', 'existing position', 'unrealised gains', 'current selection', 'options markets', 'desired time', 'physical settlement', 'ETP price', 'financial markets', 'lower price', 'US popularity', 'important benefit', 'extra trade', 'continued spikes', 'early exercise', 'opportunity', 'role', 'versatility', 'ETPs', 'ingenuity', 'usefulness', 'volatility', 'investors', 'clients', 'BlackRock', 'DWS', 'WisdomTree', 'QYLD', 'end', 'January', 'SPY', 'December', 'nature', 'Liquidity', 'expiry', 'mix', 'European-style', 'American-style', 'date', 'brokerage', 'money', 'account', 'purchase', 'magnitude', 'view', 'geopolitics', 'hedging', 'derivative', 'example', 'flurry']",2022-03-21,2022-03-23,etfstream.com
1222,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/european-markets-close-on-firm-note-as-bank-stocks-rally-on-rate-hike-hopes,European Markets Close On Firm Note As Bank Stocks Rally On Rate Hike Hopes,1 day ago,(RTTNews) - Despite concerns about the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict  European markets closed higher on Tuesday as bank stocks posted strong gains amid hopes the central banks might resort to aggressive interest rate hikes this year.Hopes about rate hikes have increased after Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell said on Monday that the U.S. central bank was prepared to raise rates aggressively  if needed.U.S. Treasury yields rose to their highest level since 2019 and Euro Zone government bond yields moved higher as well after Powell's hawkish comments.Despite persisting worries about the war in Ukraine  investors reacted a bit positively to reports that Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky was prepared to discuss a commitment from Ukraine not to seek NATO membership in exchange for a ceasefire  the withdrawal of Russian troops and a guarantee of Ukraine's security.The pan European Stoxx 600 climbed 0.85%. The U.K.'s FTSE 100 gained 0.46%  Germany's DAX surged up 1.02% and France's CAC 40 gained 1.17%  while Switzerland's SMI advanced 0.26%.Among other markets in Europe  Austria  Belgium  Czech Republic  Finland  Greece  Netherlands  Norway  Poland  Portugal  Spain and Turkey closed notably higher.Sweden edged up marginally  while Denmark  Iceland and Ireland closed weak.In the UK market  Prudential  Aviva  Lloyds Banking Group  HSBC Holdings and Natwest Group gained 3 to 4.2%. JD Sports Fashion ended nearly 3% up  while Melrose Industries  Standard Chartered  Legal & General and Barclays moved up 2.5 to 2.8%.Europe's largest online restaurant food ordering service Just Eat Takeaway.com jumped 2.5%. The company has secured a long-term global strategic partnership with McDonald's Corp. that will lead to increased operational benefits.Kingfisher ended more than 6% down despite the company reporting a significant rise in pretax profit and revenue for fiscal 2022.Auto Trader Group shed about 4.4% and Fresnillo declined nearly 3%. Endeavour Mining  CRH  RightMove  Rio Tinto  Coca-Cola HBC and Croda International lost 1.6 to 2.4%.In the German market  Deutsche Bank rallied nearly 5.5%. Puma gained about 3.2%  while BMW  Munich RE  RWE  Infineon Technologies  Adidas  Deutsche Boerse  Allianz  Porsche Automobile  Daimler and Covestro gained 1 to 2%.In the French market  Unibail Rodamco climbed up nearly 3.5%. Accor  Airbus Group  Veolia  Air France-KLM  L'Oreal  Engie  ArcelorMittal  BNP Paribas  Saint Gobain  Credit Agricole and Societe Generale gained 1 to 3%.In economic news  The UK budget deficit narrowed in February from the last year but the shortfall was the second-highest for the month of February since records began in 1993  the Office for National Statistics said on Tuesday.Public sector net borrowing excluding public sector banks was GBP 13.1 billion in February  which was GBP 2.4 billion less than in February.The eurozone current account surplus remained unchanged in January  the European Central Bank said.The current account surplus held steady at EUR 23 billion in January. In the same period last year  the surplus was EUR 38 billion. The expected level was EUR 24.3 billion.Data from Eurostat showed Eurozone construction output increased in January  led by building activity  after falling in the previous month.According to the data  construction output rose 3.9% month-on-month in January  after a 1.5% drop in December. In November  construction output edged up 0.1%.Building and civil engineering output increased 4.2% and 1.4%  respectively  after declines in DecemberOn a yearly basis  construction output grew 4.1% in January  following a 0.2% rise in December  the data showed.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq  Inc.,neutral,0.07,0.72,0.2,negative,0.04,0.22,0.74,True,English,"['European Markets', 'Firm Note', 'Bank Stocks', 'Hike Hopes', 'Rate', 'largest online restaurant food ordering service', 'Euro Zone government bond yields', 'Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell', 'U.S. Treasury yields', 'Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky', 'long-term global strategic partnership', 'Public sector net borrowing', 'The pan European Stoxx', 'aggressive interest rate hikes', 'U.S. central bank', 'eurozone current account surplus', 'The U.K.', 'public sector banks', 'ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict', 'JD Sports Fashion', 'European Central Bank', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'Auto Trader Group', 'UK budget deficit', 'civil engineering output', 'Eurozone construction output', 'central banks', 'European markets', 'bank stocks', 'Deutsche Bank', 'UK market', 'Natwest Group', 'Airbus Group', 'strong gains', 'hawkish comments', 'persisting worries', 'NATO membership', 'Russian troops', 'other markets', 'Czech Republic', 'HSBC Holdings', 'Melrose Industries', 'Standard Chartered', 'operational benefits', 'pretax profit', 'Endeavour Mining', 'Rio Tinto', 'Coca-Cola HBC', 'Croda International', 'German market', 'Munich RE', 'Infineon Technologies', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Porsche Automobile', 'French market', 'Unibail Rodamco', 'Air France-KLM', ""L'Oreal"", 'BNP Paribas', 'Saint Gobain', 'Credit Agricole', 'Societe Generale', 'economic news', 'last year', 'National Statistics', 'same period', 'yearly basis', 'highest level', 'significant rise', 'building activity', 'previous month', '0.2% rise', 'RTTNews', 'concerns', 'Tuesday', 'hopes', 'Monday', 'rates', 'war', 'investors', 'reports', 'commitment', 'exchange', 'ceasefire', 'withdrawal', 'guarantee', 'security', 'FTSE 100', 'Germany', 'DAX', 'CAC', 'Switzerland', 'SMI', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Finland', 'Greece', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Poland', 'Portugal', 'Spain', 'Turkey', 'Sweden', 'Denmark', 'Iceland', 'Ireland', 'Prudential', 'Aviva', 'Legal', 'Barclays', 'company', 'McDonald', 'Corp.', 'Kingfisher', 'revenue', 'fiscal', 'Fresnillo', 'CRH', 'RightMove', 'Puma', 'BMW', 'RWE', 'Adidas', 'Allianz', 'Daimler', 'Covestro', 'Accor', 'Veolia', 'Engie', 'ArcelorMittal', 'February', 'shortfall', 'records', 'Office', 'January', 'Data', 'Eurostat', '1.5% drop', 'December', 'November', 'declines', 'views', 'opinions', 'author', 'Nasdaq', 'Inc', '2019']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,nasdaq.com
1224,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-corporate-citizenship-project-critiques-isss-esg-diversity-equity-and-inclusion-performance-in-247-wall-street-op-ed-301508287.html,The Corporate Citizenship Project Critiques ISS's ESG; Diversity  Equity and Inclusion Performance in 24/7 Wall Street Op-Ed,1 day ago,"The Iowa- based think-tank released an op-ed in 24/7 Wall Street this week criticizing the record of Institutional Shareholder Services on Environmental  Social  Governance issues and the proxy advisor's apparent lack of executive diversityDES MOINES  Iowa  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The Corporate Citizenship Project (www.CorporateCitizenshipProject.com)  a think-tank focused on a data-driven approach to corporate governance issues  released an op-ed in 24/7 Wall Street critiquing Institutional Shareholder Services (""ISS"") and its performance on ESG. Additionally  the op-ed reiterated earlier concerns that ISS and its parent companies---Genstar Capital and Deutsche Boerse---appear to have all-white management teams which belies their stated focus on Diversity  Equity  and Inclusion.The article can be found here:https://247wallst.com/sponsored-content/2022/03/21/iss-on-shaky-ground-with-esg-why-do-investors-and-ceos-beg-for-their-approval/Ghada Salahuddin  President & CEO of The Corporate Citizenship Project issued the following statement:""The Corporate Citizenship Project believes that ESG and Diversity  Equity and Inclusion must be intrinsically motivated not forced extrinsically on companies. ISS's seeming failure to live up to their own diversity standards is a clear illustration that arbitrary standards are ill-fated. Moreover  the vicious Russian assault in Ukraine shows the flaws in ISS's excessive push on ESG which hurts domestic energy producers and jobs while increasing Americans' prices at the pumps. ISS executives need to get out of their Wall Street and DC bubbles and focus on what really matters.""ContactGhada Salahuddin515-259-6929[email protected]SOURCE Corporate Citizenship Project",negative,0.02,0.15,0.83,negative,0.01,0.07,0.92,True,English,"['The Corporate Citizenship Project Critiques', '24/7 Wall Street Op-Ed', 'Inclusion Performance', 'ESG', 'Diversity', 'Equity', '24/7 Wall Street critiquing Institutional Shareholder Services', 'The Corporate Citizenship Project', 'SOURCE Corporate Citizenship Project', 'Environmental, Social, Governance issues', 'The Iowa- based think-tank', 'corporate governance issues', 'white management teams', 'vicious Russian assault', 'domestic energy producers', 'proxy advisor', 'apparent lack', 'DES MOINES', 'data-driven approach', 'earlier concerns', 'Genstar Capital', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Ghada Salahuddin', 'following statement', 'clear illustration', 'arbitrary standards', 'excessive push', ""Americans' prices"", 'DC bubbles', 'executive diversity', 'parent companies', 'diversity standards', 'ISS executives', 'record', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'CorporateCitizenshipProject', 'op', 'performance', 'ESG', 'focus', 'Equity', 'Inclusion', 'article', '247wallst', 'shaky-ground', 'investors', 'ceos', 'approval', 'President', 'failure', 'Ukraine', 'flaws', 'jobs', 'pumps', 'Contact']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,prnewswire.com
1229,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,In 2015  I talked about Bitcoin and digital assets with one of Europe's largest stock exchanges the Deutsche Börse.… https://t.co/nMuR19f3Da,nan,In 2015  I talked about Bitcoin and digital assets with one of Europe's largest stock exchanges the Deutsche Börse.… https://t.co/nMuR19f3Da,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['largest stock exchanges', 'Deutsche Börse', 'digital assets', 'Bitcoin', 'Europe', 'nMuR19f3Da', 'largest stock exchanges', 'Deutsche Börse', 'digital assets', 'Bitcoin', 'Europe', 'nMuR19f3Da']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,Unknown
1230,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,German financial services firm Commerzbank and securities marketplace Deutsche Boerse have completed a PoC for a le… https://t.co/hp0ffEvW6m,nan,German financial services firm Commerzbank and securities marketplace Deutsche Boerse have completed a PoC for a le… https://t.co/hp0ffEvW6m,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['German financial services firm', 'securities marketplace', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Commerzbank', 'PoC', 'hp0ffEvW6m', 'German financial services firm', 'securities marketplace', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Commerzbank', 'PoC', 'hp0ffEvW6m']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,Unknown
1231,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veons-banglalink-launches-health-hub-090000777.html,"VEON's Banglalink launches ""Health Hub"" to provide Bangladesh's first digital health aggregator platform",VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON)  (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  announces that its Banglalink mobile...,"DHAKA  Bangladesh  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd . (NASDAQ: VEON)  (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  announces that its Banglalink mobile operator in Bangladesh has launched Health Hub  the country's first integrated digital health platform.Introduced as part of Banglalink's MyBL self-care mobile service  Health Hub is a one-stop healthcare platform for Banglalink customers that covers every aspect of an individual's health from initial consultations to medicine planning. Through the platform  users have access to a comprehensive array of affordable digital health services provided by 'Health Hub' partners including Bangladesh's leading healthcare providers Daktarbhai  DocTime  and Pulse.In a country with dispersed and sometimes difficult to access health services  Health Hub brings together multiple facilities such as booking doctor appointments  video consultations  insurance claims  a personal health tracking tool  home sample collection  and medicine delivery in one digital portal. The Health Hub platform covers all major health needs and enables users to find medical services at substantially lower costs. Banglalink customers will have access to the facilities through exclusive daily  monthly  and yearly subscription packages.""Bangladesh is a market with huge potential that is undergoing a transformation through the adoption of digital services. This is digital democratization of health care that opens the way for customers to find better and lower-cost services "" explains Erik Aas  CEO of Banglalink.Kaan Terzioglu  Group Chief Executive Officer  VEON  said  ""Banglalink's launch of Health Hub is a remarkable initiative as it draws together all the main healthcare providers in the country into a single  accessible digital services that will provide major benefits for the people of Bangladesh. Health Hub also extends the portfolio of digital operator services that VEON offers.""Story continuesThe development of Banglalink's Heath Hub builds on VEON's commitment to enhance the lives of its customers by providing best-in-class digital services to its customers. Parallel initiatives  developed under VEON's Digital Operator strategy  include Toffee  the highly successful entertainment application that was initiated 2019 and is now used by 6.4 million people in Bangladesh1  and JazzCash  VEON's mobile banking service in Pakistan that has 15.2 million customers1. VEON operates in nine countries serving 220 customers over a population of 680 million people.About VEONVEON is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-listed global provider of connectivity and digital services. Our companies are transforming lifestyles through technology-driven services that empower opportunity in some of the world's fastest-growing emerging markets. VEON operates in nine countries serving 220 customers over a population of 680 million people  with an independent board  an international management team and no controlling shareholder. For more information  visit: https://www.veon.comDisclaimerThis release contains ""forward-looking statements""  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  the extension of the application of VEON's Augmented Intelligence Platform. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact InformationVEON GroupGroup Communications DirectorMarina LevinaMarina.levina@veon.comTUVA PartnersJulian Tannerjulian.tanner@tuvapartners.comM +44 7900 205 460CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veons-banglalink-launches-health-hub-to-provide-bangladeshs-first-digital-health-aggregator-platform-301507531.htmlSOURCE VEON Ltd",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.28,0.43,True,English,"['first digital health aggregator platform', 'Health Hub', 'VEON', 'Banglalink', 'Bangladesh', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'VEON Group Group Communications Director', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Group Chief Executive Officer', 'MyBL self-care mobile service', 'personal health tracking tool', 'single, accessible digital services', 'integrated digital health platform', 'affordable digital health services', 'The Health Hub platform', 'mobile banking service', 'leading healthcare providers', 'home sample collection', 'yearly subscription packages', 'main healthcare providers', 'growing emerging markets', 'international management team', 'one digital portal', 'Digital Operator strategy', 'one-stop healthcare platform', 'Augmented Intelligence Platform', 'digital operator services', 'major health needs', 'leading global provider', 'successful entertainment application', 'Banglalink mobile operator', ""Health Hub' partners"", 'SOURCE VEON Ltd', 'digital democratization', 'health care', 'major benefits', 'TUVA Partners', 'internet services', 'medical services', 'lower-cost services', 'technology-driven services', 'Heath Hub', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'initial consultations', 'medicine planning', 'comprehensive array', 'doctor appointments', 'video consultations', 'insurance claims', 'medicine delivery', 'lower costs', 'huge potential', 'Erik Aas', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'remarkable initiative', 'Parallel initiatives', 'nine countries', 'independent board', 'controlling shareholder', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'original content', '6.4 million people', '680 million people', 'multiple facilities', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', '15.2 million customers', 'Marina Levina', 'Julian Tanner', 'Banglalink customers', 'statements', '220 customers', 'DHAKA', 'Bangladesh', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'connectivity', 'country', 'aspect', 'individual', 'users', 'Daktarbhai', 'DocTime', 'Pulse', 'booking', 'transformation', 'adoption', 'way', 'CEO', 'launch', 'portfolio', 'Story', 'development', 'commitment', 'lives', 'class', 'Toffee', 'JazzCash', 'Pakistan', 'population', 'companies', 'lifestyles', 'opportunity', 'world', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'extension', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'tuvapartners', 'Cision', 'health-hub']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1232,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cnova-nv-appoints-cfo-064500074.html,Cnova NV appoints CFO,Cnova NV appoints CFO 22 March 2022  07:45 CET Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova” or the “Company”) announces the appointment of...,Cnova N.V.Cnova NV appoints CFO22 March 2022  07:45 CET Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova” or the “Company”) announces the appointment of Mr. Maxime Dubarry as CFO  effective on the date hereof.Since joining Cnova in 2017  Mr. Dubarry has served successively as Chief Accounting Officer and Deputy Chief Financial Officer of Cdiscount. He also acted as interim Chief Financial Officer of Cnova from April to November 2021.Prior to joining the Company  Mr. Dubarry worked 12 years at Deloitte France within the Audit service line  lastly in the role of Director. Mr Dubarry has an engineer's degree from the Ecole Spéciale des Travaux Public (ESTP) and is a French Certified Public Accountant.Mr. Dubarry will succeed Mr. Luc Péligry  who will leave the Company for personal reasons on the date hereof. The Board of Directors would like to thank Mr. Péligry for his contribution to the Company.***About Cnova N.V.Cnova N.V.  the French ecommerce leader  serves 10 million active customers via its state-of-the-art website  Cdiscount. Cnova N.V.’s product offering provides its clients with a wide variety of very competitively priced goods  fast and customer-convenient delivery options  practical and innovative payment solutions as well as travel  entertainment and domestic energy services. Cnova N.V. is part of Groupe Casino  a global diversified retailer. Cnova N.V.'s news releases are available at www.cnova.com. Information available on  or accessible through  the sites referenced above is not part of this press release.This press release contains regulated information (gereglementeerde informatie) within the meaning of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) which must be made publicly available pursuant to Dutch and French law. This press release is intended for information purposes only.***Cnova Investor Relations Contact:investor@cnovagroup.comMedia contact:directiondelacommunication@cdiscount.com Tel: +33 6 18 33 17 86AttachmentStory continues,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,positive,0.6,0.3,0.11,True,English,"['Cnova NV', 'CFO', 'Ecole Spéciale des Travaux Public', 'French Certified Public Accountant', 'Deputy Chief Financial Officer', 'interim Chief Financial Officer', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Mr. Luc Péligry', 'CET Cnova N.V.', 'Cnova Investor Relations Contact', 'Chief Accounting Officer', 'Mr. Péligry', 'Audit service line', 'French ecommerce leader', '10 million active customers', 'competitively priced goods', 'customer-convenient delivery options', 'innovative payment solutions', 'domestic energy services', 'global diversified retailer', 'Mr. Maxime Dubarry', 'French law', 'Media contact', 'Mr. Dubarry', 'Mr Dubarry', 'Cnova NV', 'Euronext Paris', 'Deloitte France', 'personal reasons', 'art website', 'wide variety', 'Groupe Casino', 'news releases', 'press release', 'gereglementeerde informatie', 'financieel toezicht', 'regulated information', 'information purposes', 'CFO', 'March', 'CNV', 'ISIN', 'Company', 'appointment', 'date', 'Cdiscount', 'April', 'November', 'role', 'Director', 'engineer', 'degree', 'ESTP', 'Board', 'contribution', 'state', 'product', 'clients', 'fast', 'practical', 'travel', 'entertainment', 'part', 'sites', 'meaning', 'cnovagroup', 'directiondelacommunication', 'Attachment', 'Story', '07', '33']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1233,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fnac-darty-increase-resources-allocated-173000095.html,Fnac Darty: Increase in resources allocated to the liquidity contract with Natixis ODDO BHF,Increase in resources allocated to the liquidity contract with Natixis ODDO BHF FNAC DARTY (ISIN FR0011476928) and Natixis ODDO BHF SCA signed  on March 22...,Fnac DartyIncrease in resources allocated to the liquidity contract with Natixis ODDO BHFFNAC DARTY (ISIN FR0011476928) and Natixis ODDO BHF SCA signed  on March 22 2022 a second amendment to the liquidity contract signed on September 25th 2018. The first amendment was signed on March 22nd 2019  relating to ordinary shares admitted to trading on Euronext Paris  in accordance with AMF decision n ° 2021-01 of 22nd June 2021 establishing liquidity contracts on equity securities under accepted market practice.Within the limit of the AMF decision n ° 2021-01 of 22nd June 2021  Fnac Darty decides to increase the resources of the liquidity contract by:• €4 000 000.00 (four million euros) .The position after contribution of these new resources on March 22nd  2022 will be:- 80 348 shares- €6 414 743.63 (six million four hundred fourteen thousand seven hundred forty-three and sixty-three cents).CONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSStéphanie Laval stephanie.laval@fnacdarty.com+33 (0) 1 55 21 52 53 Marina Louvard marina.louvard@fnacdarty.com+33 (0)1 72 28 17 08Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.04,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Natixis ODDO BHF', 'Fnac Darty', 'liquidity contract', 'Increase', 'resources', 'Natixis ODDO BHF SCA', 'Stéphanie Laval stephanie', 'Marina Louvard marina', 'Fnac Darty', 'liquidity contract', 'second amendment', 'September 25th', 'first amendment', 'Euronext Paris', 'AMF decision', '22nd June', 'equity securities', 'market practice', 'sixty-three cents', 'March 22nd', 'ordinary shares', 'new resources', '80,348 shares', 'Increase', 'ISIN', 'accordance', 'limit', 'million', 'position', 'contribution', 'fourteen', 'forty', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'fnacdarty', 'Attachment', '1']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1234,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tetragon-financial-group-limited-u-170000753.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited U.S. Shareholders Tax Reporting Information,Tetragon will provide to self-identified U.S. shareholders of Tetragon for the 2021 calendar year  on a confidential basis only  information necessary for...,LONDON  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon will provide to self-identified U.S. shareholders of Tetragon for the 2021 calendar year  on a confidential basis only  information necessary for such a shareholder to satisfy its U.S. federal income tax filing obligations  including such information necessary to make qualified electing fund (QEF) elections under the U.S. tax rules for Passive Foreign Investment Companies (PFICs).Any such shareholders who wish to receive this confidential information should provide their contact details to Tetragon's Investor Relations department at the contact details below.Tetragon will use reasonable efforts to provide information with respect to underlying portfolio companies that it has reasonably determined to be PFICs. Although estimates of such underlying PFIC information may be provided earlier  Tetragon may not be able to provide actual underlying PFIC information in advance of the 15 April tax return deadline applicable to most individual U.S. taxpayers  and so such shareholders may wish to request an extension of their tax filing deadline. In addition  Tetragon will not accept any liability for the accuracy or completeness of any such provided information.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a closed-ended investment company that invests in a broad range of assets  including public and private equities and credit (including distressed securities and structured credit)  convertible bonds  real estate  venture capital  infrastructure  bank loans and TFG Asset Management  a diversified alternative asset management business. Where appropriate  through TFG Asset Management  Tetragon seeks to own all  or a portion  of asset management companies with which it invests in order to enhance the returns achieved on its capital. Tetragon's investment objective is to generate distributable income and capital appreciation. It aims to provide stable returns to investors across various credit  equity  interest rate  inflation and real estate cycles. The company's non-voting shares are traded on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and on the Specialist Fund Segment of the main market of the London Stock Exchange. For more information please visit the company's website at www.tetragoninv.com.Story continuesTetragon: Press Inquiries:Yuko Thomas Prosek PartnersInvestor Relations Pro-tetragon@prosek.comir@tetragoninv.comUnited StatesUnited KingdomRyan FitzGibbon Remy Marin Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell+1 646 818 9298 +1 646 818 9234 +44 7717 281 665 +44 7940 166 251This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-us-shareholders-tax-reporting-information-301508036.htmlSOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.21,0.29,0.5,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited U.S. Shareholders Tax Reporting Information', 'Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell', 'U.S. federal income tax filing obligations', 'most individual U.S. taxpayers', 'diversified alternative asset management business', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'U.S. tax rules', '15 April tax return deadline', 'self-identified U.S. shareholders', 'Passive Foreign Investment Companies', 'Yuko Thomas Prosek Partners', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'tax filing deadline', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'actual underlying PFIC information', 'U.S. persons', 'asset management companies', 'TFG Asset Management', 'underlying portfolio companies', 'collective investment scheme', 'qualified electing fund', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Investor Relations department', 'real estate cycles', 'London Stock Exchange', 'distributable income', 'investment objective', '2021 calendar year', 'confidential basis', 'QEF) elections', 'contact details', 'reasonable efforts', 'broad range', 'private equities', 'convertible bonds', 'bank loans', 'interest rate', 'voting shares', 'regulated market', 'main market', 'Press Inquiries', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'Netherlands Authority', 'original content', 'confidential information', 'distressed securities', 'venture capital', 'capital appreciation', 'public register', 'structured credit', 'stable returns', 'public offer', 'PRNewswire', 'PFICs', 'respect', 'estimates', 'advance', 'extension', 'addition', 'liability', 'accuracy', 'completeness', 'assets', 'infrastructure', 'portion', 'order', 'investors', 'equity', 'inflation', 'website', 'tetragoninv', 'Story', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country', 'Cision']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1235,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220322005723/en/Eutelsat-and-OneWeb-Sign-Global-Distribution-Partnership-to-Address-Key-Connectivity-Verticals,Eutelsat and OneWeb Sign Global Distribution Partnership to Address Key Connectivity Verticals,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) and OneWeb  the low Earth orbit (LEO) satellite communications company  today announced a global  multi-year Distribution Partnership Agreement (DPA) for OneWeb capacity. T…,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) and OneWeb  the low Earth orbit (LEO) satellite communications company  today announced a global  multi-year Distribution Partnership Agreement (DPA) for OneWeb capacity. The agreement paves the way for Eutelsat to commercialise OneWeb services across key verticals including Maritime  Aviation  Enterprise  Telcos and Government.The partnership reflects the deepening cooperation between the two companies after Eutelsat became OneWeb’s second-largest shareholder last December  and it showcases the synergies between them  delivering Eutelsat's extensive commercial reach to OneWeb while complementing Eutelsat's fleet of geostationary satellites with low Earth orbit assets. It paves the way for the companies to work together on developing combined GEO/LEO connectivity solutions.Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer Eva Berneke said: ""As a shareholder in OneWeb  we are excited to play a role in the success of this new constellation by incorporating OneWeb's connectivity services into our portfolio of solutions. This deal showcases the scope for synergies between our two companies and opens up the potential of low orbit to complement our geostationary assets in the fast-growing markets of aero and maritime mobility  fixed data and government services  building on the development of 5G and cloud technologies that will generate low latency requirements.”OneWeb Chief Executive Officer Neil Masterson said: ""This expanded partnership with Eutelsat offers us a significant opportunity to combine our GEO and LEO connectivity solutions  expanding our global capacity and further enhancing our commercial service. Drawing on Eutelsat’s decades of experience in serving the satellite industry  coupled with OneWeb’s substantial business momentum  the agreement demonstrates our collaborative approach to scaling up our LEO connectivity services. We are thrilled to see our services come together to expand connectivity solutions to communities.”About Eutelsat CommunicationsFounded in 1977  Eutelsat Communications is one of the world's leading satellite operators. With a global fleet of satellites and associated ground infrastructure  Eutelsat enables clients across Video  Data  Government  Fixed and Mobile Broadband markets to communicate effectively to their customers  irrespective of their location. Around 7 000 television channels operated by leading media groups are broadcast by Eutelsat to one billion viewers equipped for DTH reception or connected to terrestrial networks. Committed to promoting all facets of sustainable development across its business activities  Eutelsat leverages its in-orbit resources to help bridge the digital divide while maintaining a safe and uncluttered space environment. As an attractive and socially responsible employer  Eutelsat assembles 1 200 men and women from 50 countries who are dedicated to delivering the highest quality of service.For more about Eutelsat go to www.eutelsat.comAbout OneWebOneWeb is a global communications network powered from space  headquartered in London  enabling connectivity for governments  businesses  and communities. It is implementing a constellation of Low Earth Orbit satellites with a network of global gateway stations and a range of user terminals to provide an affordable  fast  high-bandwidth and low-latency communications service  connected to the IoT future and a pathway to 5G for everyone  everywhere. Find out more at www.oneweb.world",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['OneWeb Sign Global Distribution Partnership', 'Key Connectivity Verticals', 'Eutelsat', 'global, multi-year Distribution Partnership Agreement', 'OneWeb Chief Executive Officer', 'Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer', 'combined GEO/LEO connectivity solutions', 'low Earth orbit assets', 'Low Earth Orbit satellites', 'low latency requirements', 'leading media groups', 'one billion viewers', 'global gateway stations', 'extensive commercial reach', 'leading satellite operators', 'Mobile Broadband markets', 'substantial business momentum', 'uncluttered space environment', 'affordable, fast, high-bandwidth', 'LEO connectivity services', 'global communications network', 'low-latency communications service', 'low orbit', 'geostationary assets', 'global capacity', 'orbit resources', 'growing markets', 'commercial service', 'satellite industry', 'global fleet', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'geostationary satellites', 'business activities', 'Regulatory News', 'key verticals', 'deepening cooperation', 'Eva Berneke', 'cloud technologies', 'Neil Masterson', 'significant opportunity', 'collaborative approach', 'ground infrastructure', '7,000 television channels', 'DTH reception', 'terrestrial networks', 'digital divide', 'responsible employer', 'highest quality', 'user terminals', 'IoT future', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'two companies', 'Euronext Paris', 'largest shareholder', 'new constellation', 'maritime mobility', 'sustainable development', 'OneWeb capacity', 'OneWeb services', 'government services', 'fixed data', 'ETL', 'DPA', 'Aviation', 'Enterprise', 'Telcos', 'synergies', 'role', 'success', 'portfolio', 'deal', 'scope', 'potential', 'aero', '5G', 'expanded', 'decades', 'experience', 'communities', 'world', 'associated', 'clients', 'Video', 'customers', 'location', 'facets', 'safe', 'attractive', 'socially', '1,200 men', 'women', '50 countries', 'London', 'governments', 'businesses', 'range', 'pathway', 'everyone']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,businesswire.com
1236,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220322005980/en/Poxel-Reports-Financial-Results-for-Full-Year-2021-and-Provides-Corporate-Update,Poxel Reports Financial Results for Full Year 2021 and Provides Corporate Update,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--POXEL SA (Euronext: POXEL - FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for serious chronic diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) a…,"LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--POXEL SA (Euronext: POXEL - FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for serious chronic diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare metabolic disorders  today announced its results for the year ended December 31  2021 and provided a corporate update.“The year 2021 was a pivotal year in Poxel’s evolution  first noted by the marketing approval in June for Imeglimin in Japan  followed by commercialization since September under the name TWYMEEG®. This approval is strong validation of our R&D capabilities and the result of many years of effort by our team in close collaboration with our partner  Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma ” stated Thomas Kuhn  CEO of Poxel. “Secondly  Poxel initiated its strategic shift with a new emphasis on rare metabolic diseases  starting with ALD. We have made significant progress preparing for our Phase 2a Proof-of-Concept clinical studies for PXL065 and PXL770 in ALD. These studies  subject to additional funding  are planned to start in the middle of 2022  with results expected in early 2023. We are also extremely pleased that the FDA recently granted Fast Track status to PXL065 in ALD which confirms our strategic direction and has the potential to substantially accelerate the approval timeline for PXL065 in ALD.”“In 2022  we look forward to sharing topline results of DESTINY-1  our Phase 2 study in NASH for PXL065  expected in the third quarter. We are actively pursuing a number of funding initiatives in parallel to extend our cash runway  prioritizing non-dilutive options. We are in advanced discussions with several parties and are confident that we will close a transaction in a reasonable timeframe to execute our strategic plan with the goal of bringing innovative treatments to patients with chronic serious metabolic diseases ” continued Thomas Kuhn.Commercial UpdateTWYMEEG® (Imeglimin)As of December 31  2021  royalty revenue to Poxel based on TWYMEEG net sales in Japan under the Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma (“Sumitomo”) license agreement has been limited following TWYMEEG’s recent commercial launch on September 16  2021. TWYMEEG’s initial commercial uptake has been impacted by prescribing restrictions for new products during the first year of sales and COVID-19 conditions. This has also impacted the frequency of physician visits and limited the significant market education efforts required for an innovative new product with a new mechanism of action.Sumitomo has made significant progress establishing high awareness of TWYMEEG amongst prescribing physicians  thanks to its comprehensive launch activities and ongoing promotional efforts. TWYMEEG has the potential to be used both in combination with other treatments  such as DPP4i’s  which are the most prescribed treatments for Japanese Type-2-Diabetes patients  and as monotherapy.Moreover  based on the Phase 3 TIMES program having shown robust efficacy with a favorable safety and tolerability profile  TWYMEEG offers potential for populations with limited treatment options  including elderly and patients with renal impairment. Sumitomo recently initiated a Phase 4 study targeting Type-2-Diabetes patients with chronic kidney diseases (CKD) 3b/4 / 5.In accordance with the Sumitomo license agreement  Poxel is entitled to receive escalating royalties of 8 - 18% on net sales of TWYMEEG and sales-based payments of up to JPY 26.5 billion (approximately EUR 200 million) 1 . In parallel  as part of the Merck Serono licensing agreement 2   Poxel will pay Merck Serono a fixed 8% royalty based on the net sales of Imeglimin  independent of the level of sales. As a result  based on the current forecast  Poxel expects net royalties to be cash neutral through Sumitomo FY2022 (through March 2023). Once TWYMEEG achieves the next commercial threshold  the royalty rate will increase to double-digits and Poxel will retain all net royalties above 8%.. In parallel  as part of the Merck Serono licensing agreement   Poxel will pay Merck Serono a fixed 8% royalty based on the net sales of Imeglimin  independent of the level of sales. As a result  based on the current forecast  Poxel expects net royalties to be cash neutral through Sumitomo FY2022 (through March 2023). Once TWYMEEG achieves the next commercial threshold  the royalty rate will increase to double-digits and Poxel will retain all net royalties above 8%. Throughout 2021  Poxel and Sumitomo have continued to pursue strong patent protection for Imeglimin. The patent estate for TWYMEEG would extend to 2036 (including potential 5-year patent term extension)  with other patent applications ongoing.In 2021  the Company conducted and completed a comprehensive evaluation of partnering options for the U.S. and Europe and does not expect to enter into a broad strategic partnership for these geographies in the near term. The Company is now considering opportunities to leverage the Imeglimin data package in specific territories  including those resulting from inbound interest.Results from all three Phase 3 clinical trials of Imeglimin were published in the medical journals Diabetes Care and Diabetes Obesity and Metabolism : The TIMES 1 publication entitled: "" Efficacy and safety of Imeglimin monotherapy vs. placebo in Japanese patients with Type 2 diabetes (TIMES 1) : A Double-Blind  Randomized  Placebo-Controlled  Parallel-Group  Multicenter Phase 3 Trial ” was published in April 2021. The TIMES 2 publication entitled: “ Long-term safety and efficacy of Imeglimin as monotherapy or in combination with existing antidiabetic agents in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes (TIMES 2): A 52-week  open-label  multicentre phase 3 trial The TIMES 3 publication entitled: “ Efficacy and safety of Imeglimin add-on to insulin monotherapy in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes (TIMES 3): A randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled phase 3 trial with a 36-week open-label extension periodand :Clinical Development UpdatesNASH (PXL065 and PXL770)In September 2021  the PXL065 Phase 2 trial (DESTINY-1) in NASH completed enrollment with 123 noncirrhotic biopsy-proven NASH patients across multiple clinical sites in the US. Results from this 36-week  randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled  parallel group  dose-ranging study designed to assess efficacy and safety are anticipated in Q3 2022. The goal of DESTINY-1 is to identify the optimal dose or doses of PXL065 to advance into a Phase 3 registration trial for the treatment of noncirrhotic biopsy-proven NASH patients.In November 2021  Poxel presented new clinical analysis on PXL065 DESTINY-1 screening data at the AASLD The Liver Meeting ® 2021.2021. PXL770  a first-in-class  oral direct adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activator  has successfully completed a Phase 2a Proof-of-Concept trial for the treatment of NASH  which met its objectives. Future development of PXL770 in NASH will be assessed pending results from the PXL065 Phase 2 trial in NASH and the Phase 2a POC studies in ALD.Rare metabolic diseases (PXL065 and PXL770)The Phase 2a clinical Proof-of-Concept (POC) biomarker program in X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD)  subject to additional funding  is anticipated to begin midyear  followed by results in early 2023.In December 2021  Poxel announced the formation of its Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) for rare metabolic diseases as part of its strategy to increase its focus on rare diseases. The first meeting of this SAB included productive discussions that informed the design of the upcoming ALD POC Phase 2a studies and provided insights into pivotal trial concepts.Poxel participated in several scientific and patient advocacy conferences related to ALD and presented its programs  including the comprehensive preclinical pharmacological package  targeting this severe orphan neurometabolic disease with no approved therapies. This included presentations at three major advocacy organizations  Alex The Leukodystrophy Charity in the United Kingdom  United Leukodystrophy Foundation and ALD Connect in the U.S.Early Stage DevelopmentDuring the year  Poxel pursued its evaluation of internal opportunities from its adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activator platform and deuterated TZD platform and completed a series of studies  including a preclinical assessment of PXL770 and AMPK activation for an orphan kidney disease  autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD)  which demonstrated a robust effect to attenuate disease in established model systems. Additionally  the Company is conducting studies in other rare diseases including mitochondrial disorders.Corporate UpdateIn July 2021  Poxel announced a new strategic direction to focus its pipeline on high value  rare metabolic indications and NASH  with the goal of creating pipeline synergies  maximizing resources  and driving shareholder value. Rare metabolic indications represent the intersection of high unmet medical need  promising pre-clinical and clinical data  opinion leader enthusiasm  significant commercial opportunity  and attractive time horizons.In 2021  Poxel finalized a one year review and comprehensive evaluation of its existing Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) actions. As a result  the Company has defined a solid CSR strategy supported by three pillars (social  governance and environmental) and will commit to measure  assess and communicate its progress over time  starting with the publication of its new CSR report which will be included in the 2021 Universal Registration Document. In order to enhance CSR as a corporate priority  Quentin Durand  Executive Vice President  Chief Legal Officer  has been appointed Head of CSR.Significant Events after the PeriodIn February 2022  the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted Fast Track status to PXL065 for ALD in patients with adrenomyeloneuropathy (AMN). Fast Track Designation (FTD) is awarded by FDA to investigational drugs which treat a serious or life-threatening condition  and which fill an unmet medical need. FDA notes that 'the purpose [of the Fast Track program] is to get important new drugs to the patient earlier’3.Financial Statements for Full Year 2021 (IFRS Standards)Income statementEUR (in thousands) FY FY 2021 12 months 2020 12 months adjusted** Revenue 13 397 6 806 Cost of sales (59) Gross margin 13 339 6 806 Net research and development expenses* (25 174) (26 702) General and administrative expenses (10 627) (9 923) Operating income (loss) (22 463) (29 819) Financial income (expenses) (1 297) (1 975) Income tax (2) (36) Net income (loss) (23 763) (31 831)*Net of R&D tax credit and other subsidies.**Change in accounting policies related to the application of IAS19.The audit procedures are ongoing.Poxel reported revenues of EUR 13.4 million for the year ended December 31  2021  as compared to EUR 6.8 million during the corresponding period in 2020.The revenues for 2021 include the following payments from Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma (“Sumitomo”) under the Sumitomo license agreement:JPY 1.75 billion (EUR 13.2 million) milestone payment for the approval of TWYMEEG in Japan on June 23  2021  andJPY 7.5 million (EUR 58 thousand) of royalty revenue which represents 8% of TWYMEEG net sales in Japan.Cost of sales amounted to EUR 58 thousand  corresponding to the 8% royalties on net sales of Imeglimin in Japan due to Merck Serono  as part of the Merck Serono license agreement.R&D expenses totaled EUR 25.2 million in 2021  as compared to EUR 26.7 million in 2020. R&D expenses in 2021 primarily reflected the clinical costs incurred for the ongoing PXL065 Phase 2 DESTINY-1 trial.R&D costs are net of the R&D Tax Credit (CIR) and other subsidies that resulted in income of EUR 2.3 million in 2021  as compared to EUR 2.5 million in 2020.General and administrative expenses totaled EUR 10.6 million in 2021  as compared to EUR 9.9 million in 2020.The financial loss amounted to EUR 1.3 million in 2021  as compared to a loss of EUR 2.0 million in 2020.The net result for the financial period ending December 31  2021 was a net loss of EUR 23.8 million  as compared to a net loss of EUR 31.8 million in 2020.CashAs of December 31  2021  total cash and cash equivalents amounted to EUR 32.3 million (USD 36.6 million)  as compared to EUR 40.2 million (USD 49.4 million) as of December 31  2020. Net financial debt (excluding IFRS16 impacts and derivative instruments) amounted to EUR 2.6 million at December 31  2021  compared to EUR (17.2) million at December 31  2020.Based on:the cash position at December 31  2021  the current development plan of the Company including 1) the completion of its ongoing Phase 2 NASH trial for PXL065 (DESTINY-1) ) but 2) excluding the two identical Phase 2a clinical proof-of-concept (POC) biomarker studies for PXL065 and PXL770 in adrenomyeloneuropathy (AMN)  the cash forecast for the year 2022 approved by the Board of Directors of the Company  that 1) does not include  as a conservative approach  any net sales from Imeglimin in Japan and 2) includes an amount of EUR 4 813 thousands for the repayments of the loan with IPF partners until December 2022  and a strict control of its operating expenses the Company expects that its resources will be sufficient to fund its operations and capital expenditure requirements through at least December 31  2022  representing 12 months from the reporting date. However  the Company is subject to certain financial covenants4 related to its debt with IPF Partners which could be potentially breached in Q3 2022. This situation could lead the Company’s auditors to issue an audit opinion which would include a paragraph related to the going concern.The Company is actively pursuing various financing options which would extend its cash runway and avoid any breach of financial covenants through at least 12 months from the reporting date. These financing options include dilutive and non-dilutive sources  as well as discussions with IPF partners  and the Company reasonably expects that at least one of the pursued options would be completed before Q3 2022. As a consequence  the Company’s 2021 financials are presented on a going concern basis.Planned Presentations and Participation at the Following Upcoming EventsAnnual Meeting of the Japanese Diabetes Society  Kobe  Japan  May 12-14European Renal Association Congress  Paris  France  May 19-22Global NASH Congress  London  UK  May 26-27Jefferies Global Healthcare Conference  New York  NY  June 8-10JMP Securities 2022 Life Sciences Conference  New York  NY  June 15-16Next Financial Press Release: First Quarter 2022 Financial Update  May 17  2022About Poxel SAPoxel is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare disorders. Poxel has clinical and earlier-stage programs from its adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activator and deuterated TZD platforms targeting chronic and rare metabolic diseases. For the treatment of NASH  PXL065 (deuterium-stabilized R-pioglitazone) is in a streamlined Phase 2 trial (DESTINY-1). PXL770  a first-in-class direct AMPK activator  has successfully completed a Phase 2a proof-of-concept trial for the treatment of NASH  which met its objectives. For the rare inherited metabolic disorder  adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD)  the company intends to initiate Phase 2a proof of concept studies with PXL065 and PXL770 in patients with adrenomyeloneuropathy (AMN). TWYMEEG® (Imeglimin)  Poxel’s first-in-class lead product that targets mitochondrial dysfunction  has been approved and launched for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in Japan. Poxel expects to receive royalties and sales-based payments from Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma. Poxel has a strategic partnership with Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma for Imeglimin in Japan  China  South Korea  Taiwan and nine other Southeast Asian countries. The Company intends to generate further growth through strategic partnerships and pipeline development. Listed on Euronext Paris  Poxel is headquartered in Lyon  France  and has subsidiaries in Boston  MA  and Tokyo  Japan.For more information  please visit: www.poxelpharma.comAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company does not endorse or is not otherwise responsible for the content of external hyperlinks referred to in this press release.1 Converted at the exchange rate at the date of the agreement (30 Oct 2017).2 As described in the “2.3.1. Merck Serono Agreement” section of the Poxel 2020 Document d’Enregistrement Universel.3 https://www.fda.gov/patients/fast-track-breakthrough-therapy-accelerated-approval-priority-reviewithfast-track.4 Under these financial covenants the Company should maintain minimum cash position of the higher of i) ten million euros and ii) the sum of the consolidated debt service of the Company plus the amount of cash required to be spent by the Company as part of its operations  in each case for the following 6-month period.",neutral,0.06,0.91,0.03,mixed,0.35,0.25,0.4,True,English,"['Poxel Reports', 'Financial Results', 'Full Year', 'Corporate Update', 'potential 5-year patent term extension', 'significant market education efforts', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Merck Serono licensing agreement', 'chronic serious metabolic diseases', 'serious chronic diseases', 'chronic kidney diseases', 'ongoing promotional efforts', 'rare metabolic diseases', 'rare metabolic disorders', 'R&D capabilities', 'Fast Track status', 'recent commercial launch', 'initial commercial uptake', 'next commercial threshold', 'strong patent protection', 'other patent applications', 'Phase 2a Proof', 'Concept clinical studies', 'comprehensive launch activities', 'Phase 3 TIMES program', 'limited treatment options', 'broad strategic partnership', 'Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma', 'Sumitomo license agreement', 'innovative new product', 'Imeglimin data package', 'Japanese Type-2-Diabetes patients', 'near term', 'patent estate', 'TWYMEEG net sales', 'metabolic pathophysiology', 'Commercial Update', 'significant progress', 'strong validation', 'Phase 2 study', 'Phase 4 study', 'comprehensive evaluation', 'non-dilutive options', 'partnering options', 'The Company', 'strategic shift', 'new emphasis', 'strategic direction', 'strategic plan', 'new products', 'new mechanism', 'other treatments', 'net royalties', 'innovative treatments', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'corporate update', 'many years', 'close collaboration', 'Thomas Kuhn', 'additional funding', 'third quarter', 'funding initiatives', 'cash runway', 'advanced discussions', 'several parties', 'reasonable timeframe', 'COVID-19 conditions', 'physician visits', 'high awareness', 'robust efficacy', 'favorable safety', 'tolerability profile', 'renal impairment', 'escalating royalties', 'sales-based payments', 'current forecast', 'Sumitomo FY2022', 'U.S.', 'specific territories', 'inbound interest', 'marketing approval', 'approval timeline', 'royalty revenue', 'royalty rate', 'pivotal year', 'first year', 'topline results', 'POXEL SA', '8% royalty', 'TWYMEEG®', 'LYON', 'France', 'Euronext', 'NASH', 'evolution', 'June', 'commercialization', 'September', 'name', 'team', 'CEO', 'ALD.', 'PXL065', 'PXL770', 'middle', 'early', 'FDA', 'DESTINY-1', 'number', 'parallel', 'transaction', 'goal', 'December', 'restrictions', 'frequency', 'prescribing', 'physicians', 'combination', 'DPP4i', 'monotherapy', 'populations', 'elderly', 'CKD', 'accordance', 'JPY', 'level', 'March', 'double-digits', 'Europe', 'geographies', 'opportunities', '2021']",2021-03-23,2022-03-23,businesswire.com
1237,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-repurchase-shares-14-18-070000862.html,DSM - repurchase of shares (14-18 March 2022),Royal DSM  a global purpose-led science-based company  has repurchased 161 970 of its own shares in the period from 14 March 2022 up to and including 18...,HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal DSM  a global purpose-led science-based company  has repurchased 161 970 of its own shares in the period from 14 March 2022 up to and including 18 March 2022 at an average price of €157.55. This is in accordance with the repurchase program announced on 10 March 2022  covering the commitments for the final stock dividend 2021 and share based compensation plans. The consideration of this repurchase was €25.5 million.DSM Logo.The total number of shares repurchased under this program since 10 March 2022 to date is 338 053 shares for a total consideration of €52 million.For more detailed information see 'Daily transaction details Share Repurchase Program announced 10 March 2022'.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyTwitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMLinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpg,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,negative,0.03,0.25,0.72,True,English,"['DSM', 'repurchase', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'share based compensation plans', 'global purpose-led science-based company', 'global, purpose-led company', 'final stock dividend', 'Daily transaction details', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'Share Repurchase Program', 'actual performance', 'average price', 'total number', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'Royal DSM', 'total consideration', 'detailed information', 'More information', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'DSM Logo', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', 'shares', 'period', '14 March', '18 March', 'accordance', '10 March', 'commitments', 'date', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'society', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'respect', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'law']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1238,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/van-lanschot-kempen-share-buy-073000720.html,Van Lanschot Kempen: update on share buy-back programme 15 March 2022 – 21 March 2022,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  22 March 2022 In the period from 15 March 2022 until 21 March 2022 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 30 259 of...,Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  22 March 2022In the period from 15 March 2022 until 21 March 2022 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 30 259 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). The shares were repurchased at an average price of €23.03 per share for a total amount of €697 013.These repurchases are part of the share buy-back programme for at most 600 000 of own shares  which was announced on 24 February 2022. The total number of shares repurchased to date is 115 777.More information  including a detailed overview of the repurchase transactions under this programme  is available on www.vanlanschotkempen.com/sharebuyback.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.Story continuesThis press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.3,0.36,0.34,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'update', 'March', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'positive long-term financial', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'share buy-back programme', 'Investment Management', 'financial instrument', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'depositary receipts', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'detailed overview', 'repurchase transactions', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'More information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', '22 March', 'period', '15 March', '21 March', 'repurchases', 'part', '24 February', 'date', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'sharebuyback', 'mediarelations', 'investorrelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1239,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220322005799/en/Median-Technologies-Announces-Design-Completion-of-its-iBiopsy%C2%AE-Lung-Cancer-Screening-End-to-end-CADeCADx-Software-as-Medical-Device-SaMD-with-Outstanding-Sensitivity-Specificity-Performance,Median Technologies Announces Design Completion of its iBiopsy® Lung Cancer Screening End-to-end CADe/CADx Software as Medical Device (SaMD) with Outstanding Sensitivity & Specificity Performance,SOPHIA ANTIPOLIS  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Median Technologies (ALMDT:PA) announces outstanding performance of its iBiopsy LCS AI/ML tech-based end-to-end CADe/CADx Software as Medical Device  intended to enable early detection and characteri…,SOPHIA ANTIPOLIS  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Median Technologies (ALMDT:PA) announces outstanding performance of its iBiopsy LCS AI/ML tech-based end-to-end CADe/CADx Software as Medical Device  intended to enable early detection and characterization of lung cancer nodules and improve clinical management of patients.Median’s iBiopsy® LCS SaMD offers a unique end-to-end detection/diagnosis approach (CADe/CADx) based on AI/ML technologies. Median aims at drastically improving the ability to detect and characterize lung cancers at their earliest stages  enabling a better patient care while avoiding unnecessary medical tests and procedures  and reducing healthcare costs. No product is currently approved for both lung cancer detection and diagnosis in the US or Europe. With this breakthrough innovation  Median’s iBiopsy® LCS SaMD brings a unique AI-powered solution for clinicians to fight lung cancer  the deadliest cancer worldwide.Results released today show unrivalled performance for Median’s end-to-end detection/diagnosis approach for lung cancer screening.The study was based on a cohort of 1 760 patients from the National Lung Screening Trial (NLST) consisting of a total of 16 789 lung nodules. The training set was composed of a subset of 1 289 patients with 12 108 nodules and the test set represented 471 patients with a total of 4 681 nodules.The performance of iBiopsy® LCS CADe/CADx SaMD to detect and characterize lung cancer nodules achieves an AUC of 0.976 and an outstanding sensitivity of 94.7% for a specificity of 93.3%.“We are thrilled to announce our performance. These results pave the way for a disruptive approach in lung cancer screening management”  Fredrik Brag  CEO and founder of Median Technologies said. “We have already initiated our interactions with the FDA with the recent 513(g) submission  which will allow us to determine the best FDA regulatory pathway for our iBiopsy® LCS SaMD. Our next step will be to integrate the FDA’s comments in the protocols of the pivotal clinical studies that we will launch in the second half of 2022. In parallel  we are reviewing our regulatory pathway to the CE-Mark in Europe”  Brag added.Median Technologies aims to obtain a device approval and market authorization by the end of 2023.About iBiopsy®: iBiopsy® is based on the most advanced technologies in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Data Science (DS)  benefiting from Median’s expertise in medical image processing. iBiopsy® targets the development of innovative AI/ML-based Software as Medical Device  to be used in several indications for which there are unmet needs regarding early diagnosis  prognosis and treatment selection in the context of precision medicine. iBiopsy® currently focuses on lung cancer  liver cancer (HCC) and liver fibrosis (NASH).About Median Technologies: Median Technologies provides innovative imaging solutions and services to advance healthcare for everyone. We harness the power of medical images by using the most advanced Artificial Intelligence technologies  to increase the accuracy of diagnosis and treatment of many cancers and other metabolic diseases at their earliest stages and provide insights into novel therapies for patients. Our iCRO solutions for medical image analysis and management in oncology trials and iBiopsy®  our AI-powered software as medical device help biopharmaceutical companies and clinicians to bring new treatments and diagnose patients earlier and more accurately. This is how we are helping to create a healthier world.Founded in 2002  based in Sophia-Antipolis  France  with a subsidiary in the US and another one in Shanghai  Median has received the label “Innovative company” by the BPI France and is listed on Euronext Growth market (ISIN: FR0011049824  ticker: ALMDT). Median is eligible for the French SME equity savings plan scheme (PEA-PME)  is listed on the Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index and has been awarded the Euronext European Rising Tech label. For more information: www.mediantechnologies.com1 A radiological CADe device is “intended to identify  mark  highlight or otherwise direct attention to portions of an image that may reveal abnormalities during interpretation of images by the clinician.” A CADx device is “intended to provide information beyond identifying abnormalities  such as an assessment of disease.” Source: FDA2 Sensitivity is the ability to correctly generate positive results for cancer patients.3 Specificity is the ability to correctly generate negative results for non-cancer patients,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.24,0.4,True,English,"['iBiopsy® Lung Cancer Screening', 'Median Technologies', 'Design Completion', 'CADe/CADx Software', 'Medical Device', 'Outstanding Sensitivity', 'Specificity Performance', 'end', 'SaMD', 'French SME equity savings plan scheme', 'Euronext European Rising Tech label', 'National Lung Screening Trial', 'iBiopsy LCS AI/ML tech-based', 'iBiopsy® LCS CADe/CADx SaMD', 'best FDA regulatory pathway', 'lung cancer screening management', 'advanced Artificial Intelligence technologies', 'Euronext Growth market', 'recent 513(g) submission', 'other metabolic diseases', 'iBiopsy® LCS SaMD', 'pivotal clinical studies', 'unnecessary medical tests', 'innovative imaging solutions', 'unique AI-powered solution', 'innovative AI/ML-based Software', 'Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index', 'lung cancer detection', 'medical image processing', 'medical image analysis', 'end detection/diagnosis approach', 'lung cancer nodules', 'radiological CADe device', 'A CADx device', 'CADe/CADx Software', 'AI/ML technologies', 'advanced technologies', 'clinical management', 'AI-powered software', 'lung cancers', '16,789 lung nodules', 'Medical Device', 'Regulatory News', 'disruptive approach', 'Innovative company', 'deadliest cancer', 'liver cancer', 'early detection', 'unique end', 'market authorization', 'iCRO solutions', 'device approval', 'SOPHIA ANTIPOLIS', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'earliest stages', 'patient care', 'breakthrough innovation', 'training set', 'test set', 'next step', 'second half', 'Data Science', 'several indications', 'unmet needs', 'precision medicine', 'liver fibrosis', 'many cancers', 'novel therapies', 'oncology trials', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'new treatments', 'healthier world', 'direct attention', 'medical images', 'cancer patients', 'Median Technologies', 'outstanding performance', 'healthcare costs', 'unrivalled performance', 'outstanding sensitivity', 'Fredrik Brag', 'treatment selection', 'positive results', 'negative results', 'early diagnosis', 'BPI France', '12,108 nodules', '4,681 nodules', '2 Sensitivity', '1,760 patients', '1,289 patients', '471 patients', 'ALMDT', 'characterization', 'ability', 'procedures', 'product', 'clinicians', 'study', 'cohort', 'NLST', 'total', 'subset', 'AUC', 'specificity', 'CEO', 'founder', 'interactions', 'comments', 'protocols', 'parallel', 'CE-Mark', 'expertise', 'development', 'prognosis', 'context', 'HCC', 'NASH', 'services', 'everyone', 'accuracy', 'insights', 'Sophia-Antipolis', 'subsidiary', 'Shanghai', 'ticker', 'information', 'mediantechnologies', 'portions', 'abnormalities', 'interpretation', 'assessment', 'Source', '2022']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,businesswire.com
1240,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000299.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Mar 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.4596 £ 24.6883 Estimated MTD return 0.04 % -0.01 % Estimated YTD return -2.54 % -2.44 % Estimated ITD return 184.60 % 146.88 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.50 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.43 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.99 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury 64 833 N/A Shares Issued 12 381 421 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.8041 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.4504The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1241,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/abc-arbitrage-results-2021-28-060000536.html,ABC arbitrage: Results 2021: €28 M€,Press release - Paris  March 22  20221 - 07h00 ABC arbitrage2021 Results: €28 M€2021 ROE: 17.5% - 2021 Distributions: €0.40 The Board of Directors of ABC...,ABC arbitragePress release - Paris  March 22  20221 - 07h00ABC arbitrage2021 Results: €28 M€2021 ROE: 17.5% - 2021 Distributions: €0.40The Board of Directors of ABC arbitrage  presided by the Chairman Dominique Ceolin  met on March 17  2022 to approve the consolidated financial statements for fiscal year 2021.The financial data are as follows:Dec. 31  2021 IFRS Dec. 31  2020 IFRS Dec. 31  2019 IFRS Net revenues €64.1m €68.8m €37.2m Net income €28.0m €35.1m €18.3m Earnings per share (EPS) €0.48 €0.60 €0.31 Return On Equity (ROE) 17.5% 23.9% 12.8%Business Performance - After an atypical year in 2020 from a health and economic point of view  the year 2021 is characterized by a return to a certain normality of the financial market parameters.Volatility in 2021 is back to its historical average of 20% compared to 29% in 2020.The M&A market showed a strong dynamic  notably exceeding in the first half 2021 its highest levels of 2016.The successive waves of COVID  unevenly spread over the various geographical areas  have generated statistically rare situations with unfavorable decorrelation for some of the group's activities.The group increased its client assets by €144 million (+39%) to reach €512 million at 31/12/2021.The group has once again demonstrated its know-how by outperforming this market context. ABC arbitrage thus achieved one of its best results ever with a ROE of nearly 18%.Dividend Policy - A quarterly distribution policy has been in place for over two years.Distribution of €0.10 per share in October 2021;Distribution of €0.10 per share in December 2021;Interim dividend of €0.10 per share on April 20  2022 for payment on April 22;Proposition at the General Meeting of June 10  2022 of a final dividend of €0.10 per share;If the meeting votes in favor of this final dividend  the total distribution for fiscal year 2021 will be €0.40 per share  i.e. a distribution rate of more than 80%.Retained earnings will be invested in the development of new products with significant profitability prospects. The terms and timetable of this final dividend will be presented at a later date.Story continuesOutlook - It is important to contextualize this outlook with respect to events in Ukraine.After a 10 year record of almost uninterrupted increase in equity indices  this war could prevent a return to normalized financial markets. Faced with the potential impacts of this war and despite the fact that inflation is off the charts  central banks could delay their exit from support programs. The major difference with 2020 is  for the time being  the strong decorrelation of markets between geographical areas  with the US economy seemingly less affected than Europe.The start of capital flight from Europe to seemingly safer areas may make it more difficult to achieve the group's objectives for the development of its assets under management in 2022.This situation also means a return to a period of sustained volatility despite the presence of accommodative monetary policies  and probably for several months. This should benefit a large part of the group's activities.After a quiet month of January  the average pace of activity in the first quarter is close to 80% of the average pace for the 2021 financial year on a rising trend that should continue with the recent increase in volatility.In a year 2022 that promises to be complex from a geopolitical point of view  ABC arbitrage  by recording its 27th positive fiscal year  confirms that it has all the assets to produce performance consistent with current volatility and is therefore pursuing its recruitment and investment objectives to achieve the ambitions of its ABC 2022 strategic plan.1 At this date  the audit procedures carried out by the statutory auditors are still in progress.Contacts: abc-arbitrage.comRelations actionnaires: actionnaires@abc-arbitrage.comRelations presse: VERBATEE / v.sabineu@verbatee.com EURONEXT Paris - Compartiment BISIN: FR0004040608Reuters BITI.PA / Bloomberg ABCA FPISIN : FR0004040608Reuters BITI.PA / Bloomberg ABCA FPAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.25,0.14,0.61,True,English,"['ABC arbitrage', 'Results', 'The M&A market', 'Bloomberg ABCA FP Attachment', '27th positive fiscal year', 'Chairman Dominique Ceolin', 'significant profitability prospects', 'accommodative monetary policies', 'consolidated financial statements', 'financial market parameters', 'Compartiment B ISIN', 'various geographical areas', 'ABC 2022 strategic plan', 'normalized financial markets', 'quarterly distribution policy', 'market context', 'financial data', '2021 financial year', 'Dividend Policy', 'safer areas', 'Press release', 'Net revenues', 'Net income', 'atypical year', 'economic point', 'historical average', 'strong dynamic', 'first half', 'highest levels', 'successive waves', 'unfavorable decorrelation', 'two years', 'Interim dividend', 'final dividend', 'new products', '10 year record', 'uninterrupted increase', 'potential impacts', 'central banks', 'support programs', 'major difference', 'strong decorrelation', 'US economy', 'capital flight', 'several months', 'large part', 'quiet month', 'average pace', 'first quarter', 'rising trend', 'recent increase', 'geopolitical point', 'audit procedures', 'statutory auditors', 'Relations presse', 'Reuters BITI', 'total distribution', 'distribution rate', 'Business Performance', 'best results', 'General Meeting', 'Retained earnings', 'later date', 'equity indices', 'sustained volatility', 'current volatility', 'investment objectives', 'Relations actionnaires', 'EURONEXT Paris', 'client assets', 'ABC arbitrage', 'IFRS Dec.', '2021 Results', 'March', '07h00', 'ROE', '2021 Distributions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'share', 'EPS', 'Return', 'health', 'view', 'normality', 'COVID', 'situations', 'group', 'activities', 'know-how', 'place', 'October', 'December', 'April', 'payment', 'Proposition', 'June', 'development', 'terms', 'timetable', 'Story', 'Outlook', 'respect', 'events', 'Ukraine', 'war', 'fact', 'inflation', 'charts', 'exit', 'Europe', 'start', 'management', 'period', 'presence', 'January', 'activity', 'recruitment', 'ambitions', 'progress', 'Contacts', 'VERBATEE', 'sabineu', 'FR0004040608', '29']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1242,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000834.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Mar 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.4596 £ 24.6883 Estimated MTD return 0.04 % -0.01 % Estimated YTD return -2.54 % -2.44 % Estimated ITD return 184.60 % 146.88 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.50 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.43 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.99 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury 64 833 N/A Shares Issued 12 381 421 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.8041 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.4504The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1243,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,http://spaceref.com/news/viewpr.html?pid=59684,Eutelsat and OneWeb sign global distribution partnership to address key connectivity verticals,Eutelsat and OneWeb sign global distribution partnership to address key connectivity verticals - SpaceRef,"Eutelsat and OneWeb sign global distribution partnership to address key connectivity verticalsPress Release From: EUTELSATPosted: Tuesday  March 22  2022Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) and OneWeb  the low Earth orbit (LEO) satellite communications company  today announced a global  multi-year Distribution Partnership Agreement (DPA) for OneWeb capacity. The agreement paves the way for Eutelsat to commercialise OneWeb services across key verticals including Maritime  Aviation  Enterprise  Telcos and Government.The partnership reflects the deepening cooperation between the two companies after Eutelsat became OneWeb’s second-largest shareholder last December  and it showcases the synergies between them  delivering Eutelsat's extensive commercial reach to OneWeb while complementing Eutelsat's fleet of geostationary satellites with low Earth orbit assets. It paves the way for the companies to work together on developing combined GEO/LEO connectivity solutions.Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer Eva Bernekesaid: ""As a shareholder in OneWeb  we are excited to play a role in the success of this new constellation by incorporating OneWeb's connectivity services into our portfolio of solutions. This deal showcases the scope for synergies between our two companies and opens up the potential of low orbit to complement our geostationary assets in the fast-growing markets of aero and maritime mobility  fixed data and government services  building on the development of 5G and cloud technologies that will generate low latency requirements.”OneWeb Chief Executive Officer Neil Masterson said: ""This expanded partnership with Eutelsat offers us a significant opportunity to combine our GEO and LEO connectivity solutions  expanding our global capacity and further enhancing our commercial service. Drawing on Eutelsat’s decades of experience in serving the satellite industry  coupled with OneWeb’s substantial business momentum  the agreement demonstrates our collaborative approach to scaling up our LEO connectivity services. We are thrilled to see our services come together to expand connectivity solutions to communities.”// end //More news releases and status reports or top stories.Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook.Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['global distribution partnership', 'key connectivity verticals', 'Eutelsat', 'OneWeb', 'global, multi-year Distribution Partnership Agreement', 'OneWeb Chief Executive Officer', 'Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer', 'combined GEO/LEO connectivity solutions', 'low Earth orbit assets', 'global distribution partnership', 'low latency requirements', 'substantial business momentum', 'More news releases', 'extensive commercial reach', 'key connectivity verticals', 'LEO connectivity services', 'low orbit', 'global capacity', 'key verticals', 'geostationary assets', 'commercial service', 'Press Release', 'Euronext Paris', 'deepening cooperation', 'geostationary satellites', 'Eva Bernekesaid', 'new constellation', 'growing markets', 'fixed data', 'cloud technologies', 'Neil Masterson', 'significant opportunity', 'satellite industry', 'collaborative approach', 'status reports', 'top stories', 'two companies', 'OneWeb capacity', 'OneWeb services', 'largest shareholder', 'maritime mobility', 'government services', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'ETL', 'DPA', 'way', 'Aviation', 'Enterprise', 'Telcos', 'synergies', 'fleet', 'role', 'success', 'portfolio', 'deal', 'scope', 'potential', 'fast', 'aero', 'development', '5G', 'expanded', 'decades', 'experience', 'communities', 'end', 'SpaceRef', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'JavaScript', 'comments', 'Disqus']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,spaceref.com
1244,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/invibes-advertising-2021-annual-results-164500929.html,Invibes Advertising : 2021 annual results: strong growth in profitability as business doubles.,Press release 2021 annual results: strong growth in profitability as business doubles London  March 22  2022 – Invibes Advertising  an advanced technology...,Press release2021 annual results: strong growth in profitability as business doublesLondon  March 22  2022 – Invibes Advertising  an advanced technology company specialising in digital advertising    is reporting strong growth in its annual results for 2021 in a context of a doubling of activity.The annual financial report is available on the Company's website: https://www.invibes.com/uk/en/investors.htmlConsolidated dataAudited  in K€. 2021 2020 * Δ Revenues 23 201 11 530 +101% Purchases and external charges (13 595) (6 781) +100% Staff costs (8 159) (4 513) +81% EBITDA 1 1 422 236 +1 186K€ Depreciation and provisions (958) (814) +18 % Operating profit 464 (578) +1 042 K€ Financial result (353) (263) +34% Extraordinary result - - - Tax 259 (35) - Net result 369 (876) +1 245 K€* 2020 data presented according to the new valuation method under IFRSOrganic revenues double to €23.2mOn 17 January  Invibes Advertising announced a doubling of its revenues  based entirely on an organic growth  compared to 2020. Generating €23.2m  exceeding the target of €22m that it had set for the financial year.Over the period  the Group benefited from the sustained increase (+69%) of the existing countries (France  Spain  Switzerland and ML2Grow) demonstrating that  although in an advanced stage  these countries still had strong development potential.The countries in the scale-up phase (Germany  United Kingdom  Italy  Belgium) also posted very strong growth in 2021 (x 5.2)  just one year after their launch  again illustrating the strength of Invibes Advertising's international development model. This is based on its proven ability to roll out its activity rapidly and successfully in a new country so that it becomes a contributor to the business.In this respect  the new countries recently opened (Netherlands  Nordic countries  South Africa and UAE)  which are currently in the start-up phase  should in turn rapidly gain momentum to contribute to the Group's growth from 2022.Story continuesSustained EBITDA growth in 2021The strong international expansion recorded by the Group in 2021 was characterised by the continued structuring of teams to support this growth. In total  new recruitments in 2021 brought the total workforce  in full-time equivalence  to 124 in 2021 compared with 84 in 2020.The Group's experience in successfully launching its business in more than 10 countries worldwide has resulted in a controlled and rigorous management of its cost structure over the period  enabling it to post a sustained increase in EBITDA to €1 422k in 2021 from €236k in 2020.The breakdown of EBITDA by country maturity is as follows:Consolidated data Audited  in K€. 2021 2020 Existing countries (1) Turnover 17 802 10 504 EBITDA 5 080 2 969 EBITDA margin 29 % 28 % Scale-up (2) Turnover 5 379 1 026 EBITDA 579 (685) EBITDA margin 11% na New countries (start-ups) (3) Turnover 19 - EBITDA (479) - EBITDA margin na - Group overheads (4) (3 758) (2 048) Consolidated EBITDA 1 422 236(1) France  Spain  Switzerland and ML2GROW(2) Germany  UK  Italy  Belgium  and Invibes International(3) Sweden  Norway  Denmark  South Africa  Netherlands  Dubai(4) General expenses excluding CAPEXAfter accounting for depreciation of €958k  Invibes Advertising posted an operating profit of €464k  compared with an operating loss of -€578k in 2020.Including in 2021 a financial charge of -€354k  and a tax credit of €259k linked to the activation of deferred taxes  the net result is positive at €369k against a net loss of -€876k in 2020.Ambition: to reach a turnover of €100 million by 2024To continue its development  the Group can rely on a financial structure that includes a net cash position2 which has more than doubled over the period and amounts to €8.4m at the end of December 2021  compared to €3.9m at the end of 2020. This amount does not include the capital increase of €17m which was successfully completed by private placement last January.With these strengthened financial resources  the Group has the means to pursue its ambitious roadmap  which is based on six strategic levers:Acceleration of existing countries.Expanding to new countries.Strengthening its technology platform.Deployment of technology services for its strategic clients.The launch of a 100% self-service platform dedicated to SMEs.The development of its subsidiary ML2Grow  which specialises in services to companies for Big Data and artificial intelligence projects.This offensive strategy should enable Invibes Advertising to reach a turnover of €100m by 2024  representing a weighted average annual growth rate (CAGR) between 2020 and 2024 of around +72%. While a significant proportion of this growth will be achieved through organic growth  it could also include a proportion through external growth.Next publication: Q1 2022 turnover  on 20 April 2022  after the close of tradingAbout Invibes AdvertisingInvibes Advertising is an advanced technology company specialising in digital advertising. Its innovative solutions are based on an in-feed format  integrated into media content.Invibes is inspired by social media advertising and develops its own technology to help brands better communicate with consumers. Its technology is optimised for delivery on a closed network of media groups  including Bertelsmann  Hearst  Unify  Groupe Marie Claire  Axel Springer  and many others. Clients include major brands such as Mercedes  Samsung  Levi’s  and IBM.Founded in 2011  Invibes Advertising is a listed company on Euronext Growth Paris (Ticker: ALINV - ISIN: BE0974299316). Visit www.invibes.com for more information.Find our latest press releases on:https://www.invibes.com/uk/en/investors.htmlFollow live the latest news from Invibes Advertising:LinkedIn @Invibes Advertising Twitter @Invibes_advFinancial & Corporate Contacts:Audry Mela  VP Investor Relationsaudry.mela@invibes.comNicolas Pollet  co-CEOnicolas.pollet@invibes.comKris Vlaemynck  co-CEOkris.vlaemynck@invibes.com1 EBITDA = current operating income before depreciation and provisions2 Cash and cash equivalents - non-current financial liabilitiesAttachment,neutral,0.23,0.74,0.03,mixed,0.28,0.31,0.41,True,English,"['Invibes Advertising', '2021 annual results', 'strong growth', 'profitability', 'business', 'average annual growth rate', 'artificial intelligence projects', 'six strategic levers', 'net cash position2', 'new valuation method', 'strong international expansion', 'annual financial report', 'international development model', 'advanced technology company', 'strong development potential', '2021 annual results', 'advanced stage', 'Invibes International', 'technology platform', 'strategic clients', 'strong growth', 'Net result', 'net loss', 'Financial result', 'financial year', 'new country', 'new recruitments', 'financial charge', 'financial structure', 'financial resources', 'Press release', 'digital advertising', 'external charges', 'Staff costs', 'Operating profit', 'Extraordinary result', 'scale-up phase', 'United Kingdom', 'South Africa', 'start-up phase', 'continued structuring', 'full-time equivalence', 'rigorous management', 'cost structure', 'country maturity', 'General expenses', 'operating loss', 'deferred taxes', 'private placement', 'ambitious roadmap', 'technology services', '100% self-service platform', 'offensive strategy', 'Next publication', 'innovative solutions', 'feed format', 'organic growth', 'external growth', 'Invibes Advertising', 'new countries', 'Consolidated data', 'Big Data', 'existing countries', 'Nordic countries', 'capital increase', 'total workforce', 'tax credit', 'significant proportion', '969 EBITDA margin', 'Consolidated EBITDA', 'EBITDA growth', 'Organic revenues', 'The Group', 'Group overheads', 'sustained increase', 'Q1 2022 turnover', '2020 data', '10 countries', '504 EBITDA', 'Δ Revenues', 'profitability', 'business', 'London', 'context', 'doubling', 'activity', 'website', 'investors', 'Purchases', 'Depreciation', 'provisions', '042 K', '245 K', 'IFRS', '17 January', 'target', 'period', 'France', 'Spain', 'Switzerland', 'ML2Grow', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Belgium', 'launch', 'strength', 'contributor', 'respect', 'Netherlands', 'UAE', 'momentum', 'Story', 'teams', 'experience', 'controlled', 'breakdown', 'ups', 'UK', 'Sweden', 'Norway', 'Denmark', 'Dubai', 'CAPEX', 'activation', 'Ambition', 'end', 'December', 'amount', 'means', 'Acceleration', 'Deployment', 'SMEs', 'subsidiary', 'companies', 'weighted', 'CAGR', '20 April', 'close', 'trading']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1245,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220322005176/en/Report-from-Cloudreach-an-Atos-Company-Reveals-More-Than-70-of-Organizations-Impacted-by-Cloud-Skills-Shortage,Report from Cloudreach  an Atos Company  Reveals More Than 70% of Organizations Impacted by Cloud Skills Shortage,LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Cloudreach  an Atos company  the leading multi-cloud services provider  released new data highlighting the latest cloud technology trends  underscoring the impact the cloud skills gap is having on businesses. More than 70% of surveyed…,LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Cloudreach  an Atos company  the leading multi-cloud services provider  released new data highlighting the latest cloud technology trends  underscoring the impact the cloud skills gap is having on businesses. More than 70% of surveyed IT leaders internationally saw the skills gap as an urgent concern. More than half of respondents claimed it either slowed them down (46%) or posed an existential crisis to the company (9%).The data was published in an IDC Infobrief ‘How to be a Digital Leader in 2022’ 1 commissioned by Cloudreach  and Amazon Web Services (AWS)  ultimately supporting the Atos OneCloud strategic initiative. The research also delves into cloud technology’s present and expanding role in supporting business growth and sustainability efforts.As more organizations rush to adopt cloud technology to improve efficiency and sustainability  the report shines a light on how the industry needs more skilled professionals than ever to maintain operations. Business leaders are finding that their cloud transformation initiatives are increasingly hampered by a lack of skilled professionals  with 34% of respondents explaining that the shortage has reduced their ability to operate and launch services.Low supply of cloud skills is also hitting innovation  causing high staff turnover and wage inflation. Multi-cloud capabilities  cloud system development  and cloud governance were the top three areas most impacted by the skills gap  according to respondents.“This research confirms that there is a shortage of cloud talent today  threatening cloud transformation projects that are essential to business survival ” said Brooks Borcherding  CEO  Cloudreach. “Talented architects and engineers are vital to delivering on the promise of cloud for businesses  and the opportunities are huge for their careers. This skills gap poses a challenge for organizations to find new ways of recruiting  hiring and upskilling talent; including removing barriers of entry that have historically limited diversity within the industry.“Businesses recognize the importance of cloud infrastructure to help them grow and become more effective  and this study confirms the demand for cloud services continues to grow ” said Vittorio Sanvito  Director of EMEA Partner Development at AWS. “That is why we are working so hard to help close the skills gap in EMEA and worldwide with our partners like Cloudreach and Atos. AWS has also made a commitment to help 29 million people around the world grow their tech skills with free cloud computing training by 2025. We are bringing more people into professional cloud careers and increasing the diversity of the cloud workforce.”The concern about the skills gap remained consistent across cloud organizations in both North America and Europe. The World Economic Forum estimates that by 2025  half of the global workforce will need reskilling  and 97 million new roles will emerge because of digitization. With fewer skilled workers than open jobs  and growing demand on the horizon  cloud organizations will fight to maintain their teams and operations.The study revealed other trends in cloud technology  including the essential role it can play in business operations  growth  and sustainability efforts.● 48% of respondents are now engaged in business transformation through cloud adoption  driving broader changes in organizational thinking.● 71% of respondents see cloud strategy as the biggest driver of sustainability today  with this percentage rising to 85% in 2023.“This study shows that cloud is crucial to achieve carbon emissions targets. Enterprises consume less energy and reduce their environmental footprint when migrating to a cloud environment ” said Carla Arend  Senior Program Director and Lead Analyst  Cloud in Europe at IDC. “To be impactful  sustainability practices need to be embedded in the enterprise business processes. These go beyond tracking CO2 emissions or utilities consumption but look for greener practices across the entire asset lifecycle.”The IDC survey collected data from 610 IT business leaders in North America and Europe at large enterprises across a wide range of industries.For more details on these insights  plus additional findings  download the report here.Notes to Editors: Countries surveyed: United States (150  Canada (50)  United Kingdom (100)  France (80)  Germany (80)  Italy (50)  Spain (50)  Nordics (50)***About CloudreachCloudreach  an Atos company  is the world’s leading multi-cloud services provider. Our mission is to deliver the promise of cloud and drive extraordinary value for our customers. Cloudreach helps enterprises win competitive advantage through successful cloud transformation. We’re the go-to strategic partner for Amazon Web Services  Google Cloud and Microsoft Azure. With more than 10 years of cloud native experience  we’ve built an unmatched depth and breadth of expertise in cloud technologies and their application to business. For more information about our work  visit www.cloudreach.comWith a practice of well over 10 000 people  Atos OneCloud is a ground-breaking initiative that blends cloud advisory consulting  application transformation expertise  prebuilt cloud accelerators  and innovative talents in an end-to-end set of services to help organizations navigate their cloud journey securely and with speed.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 109 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 71 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris and included in the CAC 40 ESG and Next 20 Paris Stock indexes.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.1IDC Infobrief sponsored by Cloudreach and AWS How to be a Digital Leader in 2022  March 2022  EUR148906422,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,mixed,0.17,0.14,0.68,True,English,"['Cloud Skills Shortage', 'Atos Company', 'Report', 'Cloudreach', 'Organizations', 'free cloud computing training', 'leading multi-cloud services provider', 'The World Economic Forum', 'Atos OneCloud strategic initiative', 'latest cloud technology trends', 'high staff turnover', 'top three areas', 'entire asset lifecycle', 'Amazon Web Services', 'carbon emissions targets', 'The IDC survey', 'fewer skilled workers', 'cloud system development', 'cloud native experience', 'enterprise business processes', 'Senior Program Director', 'cloud transformation initiatives', 'cloud transformation projects', 'successful cloud transformation', '97 million new roles', 'EMEA Partner Development', 'professional cloud careers', '610 IT business leaders', 'cloud skills gap', 'strategic partner', 'Multi-cloud capabilities', 'other trends', 'business transformation', 'IT leaders', 'CO2 emissions', 'skilled professionals', 'new ways', 'cloud governance', 'cloud infrastructure', 'cloud workforce', 'cloud adoption', 'cloud strategy', 'cloud environment', 'Google Cloud', 'cloud technologies', 'tech skills', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business survival', 'existential crisis', 'IDC Infobrief', 'Digital Leader', 'expanding role', 'Low supply', 'wage inflation', 'Brooks Borcherding', 'Talented architects', 'Vittorio Sanvito', 'North America', 'global workforce', 'open jobs', 'essential role', 'broader changes', 'organizational thinking', 'biggest driver', 'less energy', 'environmental footprint', 'Carla Arend', 'Lead Analyst', 'utilities consumption', 'greener practices', 'wide range', 'additional findings', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'extraordinary value', 'competitive advantage', 'Microsoft Azure', 'unmatched depth', 'Atos company', '29 million people', 'cloud talent', 'cloud organizations', 'new data', 'business growth', 'sustainability efforts', 'sustainability practices', 'urgent concern', 'growing demand', 'business operations', 'large enterprises', 'Atos.', '10,000 people', 'LONDON', 'Cloudreach', 'impact', 'businesses', 'More', 'half', 'respondents', 'AWS', 'research', 'present', 'efficiency', 'report', 'light', 'industry', 'lack', 'shortage', 'innovation', 'CEO', 'engineers', 'promise', 'opportunities', 'challenge', 'barriers', 'entry', 'diversity', 'importance', 'study', 'partners', 'commitment', 'Europe', 'digitization', 'horizon', 'teams', 'percentage', 'industries', 'details', 'insights', 'Notes', 'Editors', 'Countries', 'Canada', 'France', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'Nordics', 'customers', '10 years', 'breadth', 'expertise', 'application', 'information', '2022']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,businesswire.com
1246,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220322005573/en/Spaceflight-Inc.-and-Astrocast-Extend-Launch-Contract,Spaceflight Inc. and Astrocast Extend Launch Contract,SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Spaceflight Inc.  the leading global launch services provider  today announced an extended multi-launch agreement (MLA) with long-time customer  Internet of Things (IoT) constellation developer  Astrocast. This agreement will add two…,SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Spaceflight Inc.  the leading global launch services provider  today announced an extended multi-launch agreement (MLA) with long-time customer  Internet of Things (IoT) constellation developer  Astrocast. This agreement will add two missions to accommodate Astrocast’s fast-growing IoT constellation which helps track assets in some of the world’s most remote regions.In February of 2020  Astrocast and Spaceflight signed an MLA for the launch of 10 additional IoT nanosatellites  representing the sixth launch booked with Spaceflight. In total  Spaceflight is now set to launch a majority of the satellites that will complete the Astrocast IoT Nanosatellite Network.Spaceflight has already managed the successful launch of 10 Astrocast spacecraft  including demonstration models on Spaceflight’s historic SSO-A mission in 2018 and PSLV-C45 in 2019. The companies most recently partnered and successfully launched an additional five nanosatellites on Spaceflight’s SXRS-5 in January 2021.“Flexibility is a key differentiator going forward ” said Astrocast CFO Kjell Karlsen. “Spaceflight has already demonstrated their flexibility in launch timing and availability across multiple vehicles in our existing contract. Assured access to space is critical for Astrocast to grow our constellation and we’re looking forward to working with Spaceflight to continue to efficiently build out our constellation in orbit.”The uniqueness of Astrocast’s constellation lies in a very low signal and small antenna and terminal with long battery life. The small size lets the company put the terminal on everything from fishing buoys to animals. For example  Astrocast is helping its customers track illegal fishing  endangered animal species  and heavy machinery in remote locations. By default  IoT solutions implemented in many of these situations are deployed in remote locations – from mines to farmland  ships to oil platforms. Astrocast’s solution minimizes the need for human intervention and repair  wherever possible  safeguarding the business case.“We’re pleased to expand our relationship with Astrocast ” said Curt Blake  president and CEO of Spaceflight. “Having a portfolio of launch options and the expertise to move quickly to accommodate changes is something we’re very proud of  and one that fast-growing constellation builders like Astrocast rely on.”During Satellite 2022 this week in Washington DC  both companies have been nominated for prestigious industry awards. Spaceflight is being honored as one of Via Satellite’s 10 Hottest Companies in Satellite and its Sherpa orbital transfer vehicle (OTV) is a finalist for Via Satellite’s 2021 Satellite Technology of the Year award. Astrocast is nominated for a MSUA's 2022 Satellite Mobile Innovation Award.2022 promises to be a year of unprecedented innovation and leadership for Spaceflight  with approximately 20 planned missions across its diverse portfolio of launch vehicle partners. In January 2022  NASA named Spaceflight to provide launch services for the agency’s Venture-Class Acquisition of Dedicated and Rideshare (VADR) missions. The company also successfully executed its first launch with Astra last week  and plans to debut the next two variations of its Sherpa OTV family with its much-anticipated quarter lunar slingshot mission  GEO Pathfinder.About Spaceflight Inc.As the premier global launch services provider  Spaceflight is revolutionizing the business of space transportation through its comprehensive suite of launch services and Sherpa® orbital transfer vehicles. The company provides unprecedented launch flexibility to ensure customers’ smallsats get to orbit exactly when and where they want through a combination of long-standing relationships with a diverse portfolio of launch partners  innovative satellite integration capabilities  including flight and ground support hardware  licensing and logistics management  and extensive mission management expertise. Based in Seattle  Spaceflight has successfully launched hundreds of satellites and is a part of the Mitsui & Co.  Ltd. portfolio  operating as an independent  U.S.-based company. For more information  visit http://www.spaceflight.com.About AstrocastAstrocast SA is the most advanced global nanosatellite IoT network to tackle challenges in industries such as Agriculture & Livestock  Oil  Gas & Mining  Maritime  Environmental  Connected Vehicles  and IoT Devices. The Astrocast network enables companies to monitor  track  assess  and communicate with critical remote assets from anywhere in the world. In partnership with Airbus  CEA/LETI  the European Space Agency  and Thuraya  Astrocast developed Astronode S  a cutting-edge module featuring low profile L-band antenna  ultralow power consumption  and a small form factor. Founded in 2014 by a renowned team of experts  Astrocast designs  builds  and tests all its products in-house  from the satellites to the terminals. In addition to this  Astrocast is listed on the Euronext Growth market in Oslo. For more information visit www.astrocast.com.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.59,0.11,0.31,True,English,"['Spaceflight Inc.', 'Launch Contract', 'Astrocast', 'advanced global nanosatellite IoT network', 'leading global launch services provider', 'premier global launch services provider', 'independent, U.S.-based company', 'quarter lunar slingshot mission', 'Sherpa orbital transfer vehicle', 'Sherpa® orbital transfer vehicles', 'innovative satellite integration capabilities', 'low profile L-band antenna', 'Astrocast CFO Kjell Karlsen', 'extensive mission management expertise', 'Astrocast IoT Nanosatellite Network', '2022 Satellite Mobile Innovation Award', 'historic SSO-A mission', '10 additional IoT nanosatellites', 'additional five nanosatellites', 'long battery life', 'endangered animal species', 'prestigious industry awards', 'ground support hardware', 'Environmental, Connected Vehicles', 'ultralow power consumption', 'Euronext Growth market', 'Sherpa OTV family', 'next two variations', 'The Astrocast network', 'launch vehicle partners', 'small form factor', 'IoT) constellation developer', 'growing IoT constellation', 'extended multi-launch agreement', 'growing constellation builders', 'critical remote assets', 'European Space Agency', 'unprecedented launch flexibility', 'unprecedented innovation', 'Astronode S', 'small antenna', 'IoT solutions', 'IoT Devices', 'multiple vehicles', 'low signal', 'logistics management', 'launch partners', 'two missions', 'Year award', 'sixth launch', 'successful launch', 'launch options', 'first launch', 'small size', 'Via Satellite', '2021 Satellite Technology', 'remote regions', 'remote locations', 'long-time customer', 'demonstration models', 'key differentiator', 'existing contract', 'Assured access', 'fishing buoys', 'illegal fishing', 'heavy machinery', 'human intervention', 'Curt Blake', 'Washington DC', '20 planned missions', 'Venture-Class Acquisition', 'VADR) missions', 'GEO Pathfinder', 'space transportation', 'comprehensive suite', 'long-standing relationships', 'cutting-edge module', 'renowned team', 'diverse portfolio', 'Ltd. portfolio', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business case', '10 Astrocast spacecraft', 'oil platforms', 'Astrocast SA', '10 Hottest Companies', 'Spaceflight Inc.', 'SEATTLE', 'MLA', 'Internet', 'Things', 'world', 'February', 'total', 'majority', 'PSLV-C45', 'SXRS', 'January', 'timing', 'availability', 'uniqueness', 'terminal', 'everything', 'animals', 'example', 'customers', 'default', 'situations', 'mines', 'need', 'repair', 'president', 'CEO', 'changes', 'something', 'finalist', 'MSUA', 'leadership', 'NASA', 'Dedicated', 'Rideshare', 'Astra', 'smallsats', 'combination', 'licensing', 'hundreds', 'Mitsui', 'Co.', 'information', 'challenges', 'industries', 'Agriculture', 'Livestock', 'Gas', 'Mining', 'partnership', 'Airbus', 'CEA/LETI', 'Thuraya', 'experts', 'products', 'house', 'Oslo']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,businesswire.com
1247,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220322005010/en/HPE-GreenLake-Selected-by-Worldline-to-Modernize-Mission-Critical-Payments,HPE GreenLake Selected by Worldline to Modernize Mission-Critical Payments,BRUSSELS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Hewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE: HPE) today announced that Worldline  a European-based global payments provider  has selected the HPE GreenLake edge-to-cloud platform to implement a major performance upgrade to its mission-critical…,BRUSSELS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Hewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE: HPE) today announced that Worldline  a European-based global payments provider  has selected the HPE GreenLake edge-to-cloud platform to implement a major performance upgrade to its mission-critical payments platform to meet the accelerated growth of online transactions. By leveraging HPE GreenLake's flexible as-a-service model and HPE Financial Services' asset renewal program  funding approximately 25% of the platform refresh  Worldline achieved this significant upgrade with no upfront investment.Worldline is the largest European and the world’s fourth largest payment provider  with operations in over 50 countries. The company provides payments and transactional services to the full supply chain – from seller to buyer -- and has been delivering on a vision of a cashless economy by developing agile  customer-centric solutions that are rooted in strong technology. The industry relies heavily on back-end infrastructure to ensure the payment value chain is resilient  highly available and always on. Latency and downtime on card transactions have an immediate impact on the customer experience.The COVID-19 pandemic has had an enormous impact on the finance and banking sector with significant fluctuations in demand and revenue. Over the same period there has been a massive growth in online purchasing as more countries transform into cashless societies resulting in an even greater reliance on secure global payment transactions. Worldline  like many payment providers  needed to quickly and efficiently scale-up its offering to support its vendors and customers with the growing volume of digital payments  further improving its existing reliable estate of servers and storage that needed to meet the current and future demand and reduce ongoing operational costs.The HPE GreenLake platform can scale up and down as business demand fluctuates so that Worldline can manage the growth in demand. The platform delivers the cloud experience through a pay-per-use model while also meeting compliance and regulatory requirements.“Working with HPE has enabled us to navigate the turbulent market caused by COVID-19 via a combination of legacy asset buy-back and a flexible as-a-service approach ” said Frédéric Papillon  Managing Director Production Systems at Worldline. “We feel confident that these solutions will enable us to offer our customers a highly secure and efficient platform for digital transactions that keeps the supply chain moving  and also provide a cost-competitive solution that delivers value for money.”The HPE GreenLake platform solution leverages HPE NonStop systems  which are ideally suited to support payment transactions with trusted  reliable  100% fault-tolerant capabilities required for mission critical environments. HPE NonStop meets the stringent demands of a secure financial transaction workload  with the always-on  resilient design ensuring operational excellence and exceptionally high levels of availability. The solution was identified as the best cloud service to support Worldline’s mission critical business with the agility and flexibility to deliver an accelerated time-to-market for new applications and services.The old data center IT infrastructure will be decommissioned after a transition in a safe and sustainable manner in HPE's Technology Renewal Center to minimize electronic waste. The transformation to the new platform will be managed by HPE Pointnext Services in close collaboration with Worldline  without any disruption to the existing workflows.“Together  the HPE GreenLake platform and HPE Financial Services capabilities will allow Worldline to achieve significant cost savings  and also power a significant refresh and modernization of their mission-critical payments platform ” said Gilles Thiebaut  Managing Director  SVP Global Sales for Northern Western Europe. “This upgrade  delivering improved performance and extending the operational life  was achieved without any upfront investment and is delivered on a pay-per-use model so the solution meets both their technical and financial requirements.”About HPE GreenLakeThe HPE GreenLake edge-to-cloud platform enables customers to accelerate data-first modernization and provides over 50 cloud services that can run on-premises  at the edge  in a colocation facility  and in the public cloud. In Q1 2022  HPE reported Annual Recurring Revenue of $798 million and as-a-service orders growth of 136 percent year-over-year. In April 2022  with the onboarding of Aruba customers  HPE will add over 120 000 customers to the HPE GreenLake platform. The scalable  pay-as-you go HPE GreenLake platform also delivers robust security  compliance  and control  and supports a broad partner ecosystem – including channel partners  distributors  independent software vendors  public cloud providers  service providers  and system integrators. For more information on HPE GreenLake  please visit: https://www.hpe.com/us/en/greenlake.html.About WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] is the European leader in the payments and transactional services industry and #4 player worldwide. With its global reach and its commitment to innovation  Worldline is the technology partner of choice for merchants  banks and third-party acquirers as well as public transport operators  government agencies and industrial companies in all sectors. Powered by over 20 000 employees in more than 50 countries  Worldline provides its clients with sustainable  trusted and secure solutions across the payment value chain  fostering their business growth wherever they are. Services offered by Worldline in the areas of Merchant Services; Terminals  Solutions & Services; Financial Services and Mobility & e-Transactional Services include domestic and cross-border commercial acquiring  both in-store and online  highly secure payment transaction processing  a broad portfolio of payment terminals as well as e-ticketing and digital services in the industrial environment. In 2020 Worldline generated a proforma revenue of 4.8 billion euros. Please visit: worldline.comAbout Hewlett Packard EnterpriseHewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE: HPE) is the global edge-to-cloud company that helps organizations accelerate outcomes by unlocking value from all of their data  everywhere. Built on decades of reimagining the future and innovating to advance the way people live and work  HPE delivers unique  open and intelligent technology solutions delivered as a service – spanning Compute  Storage  Software  Intelligent Edge  High Performance Computing and Mission Critical Solutions – with a consistent experience across all clouds and edges  designed to help customers develop new business models  engage in new ways  and increase operational performance. For more information  visit: www.hpe.com,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.42,0.26,0.31,True,English,"['HPE GreenLake', 'Mission-Critical Payments', 'Worldline', ""HPE Financial Services' asset renewal program"", 'old data center IT infrastructure', 'Frédéric Papillon', 'secure financial transaction workload', 'fourth largest payment provider', 'European-based global payments provider', 'Managing Director Production Systems', 'The HPE GreenLake platform solution', 'HPE Financial Services capabilities', 'secure global payment transactions', 'Technology Renewal Center', 'legacy asset buy-back', 'SVP Global Sales', 'reliable, 100% fault-tolerant capabilities', 'Hewlett Packard Enterprise', 'mission critical environments', 'Northern Western Europe', 'broad partner ecosystem', 'many payment providers', 'HPE NonStop systems', 'HPE Pointnext Services', 'existing reliable estate', 'ongoing operational costs', 'mission critical business', 'significant cost savings', 'full supply chain', 'mission-critical payments platform', 'agile, customer-centric solutions', 'Annual Recurring Revenue', 'robust security, compliance', 'independent software vendors', 'payment value chain', 'best cloud service', 'public cloud providers', 'service orders growth', 'major performance upgrade', 'financial requirements', 'back-end infrastructure', '50 cloud services', 'service providers', 'largest European', 'transactional services', 'cloud platform', 'platform refresh', 'efficient platform', 'new platform', 'strong technology', 'existing workflows', 'online transactions', 'service model', 'card transactions', 'service approach', 'digital transactions', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'digital payments', 'operational excellence', 'operational life', 'cloud experience', 'significant upgrade', 'significant fluctuations', 'cost-competitive solution', 'significant refresh', 'upfront investment', 'cashless economy', 'immediate impact', 'customer experience', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'enormous impact', 'banking sector', 'same period', 'massive growth', 'online purchasing', 'cashless societies', 'greater reliance', 'growing volume', 'use model', 'regulatory requirements', 'stringent demands', 'resilient design', 'high levels', 'new applications', 'sustainable manner', 'electronic waste', 'close collaboration', 'Gilles Thiebaut', 'colocation facility', 'channel partners', 'system integrators', 'European leader', 'business demand', 'accelerated growth', 'future demand', 'turbulent market', 'data-first modernization', 'Aruba customers', 'BRUSSELS', 'NYSE', 'Worldline', 'flexible', 'operations', '50 countries', 'company', 'seller', 'buyer', 'vision', 'industry', 'Latency', 'downtime', 'finance', 'offering', 'servers', 'storage', 'current', 'combination', 'money', 'availability', 'agility', 'flexibility', 'transition', 'safe', 'transformation', 'disruption', 'technical', 'premises', 'edge', 'Q1', '136 percent', 'year', 'April', 'onboarding', 'scalable', 'control', 'distributors', 'information', 'Euronext', 'WLN']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,businesswire.com
1248,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/virbac-2021-operating-profit-ordinary-164500393.html,VIRBAC: 2021 operating profit from ordinary activities showed very strong growth  reflecting the excellent dynamism of our business in a rapidly growing market,CONSOLIDATED FIGURES AS OF DECEMBER 31in millions of € 20212020 adjusted 62021/2020 Change Revenue1 064.0934.2+13.9% Change at constant exchange rates +14.9%...,VirbacCONSOLIDATED FIGURESAS OF DECEMBER 31in millions of € 2021 2020 adjusted 6 2021/2020 Change Revenue 1 064.0 934.2 +13.9% Change at constant exchange rates +14.9% Change at constant exchange rates and scope 1 +18.4% Current operating profit  before depreciation of assets arising from acquisitions 2 173.2 127.0 +36.4% as a % of revenueas a % of revenue at constant rates 16.3%15.9% 13.6%Depreciation of intangible assets from acquisitions 4.3 8.4 Operating profit from ordinary activities 168.9 118.6 +42.4% Non-recurring income and (expenses) -1.20 65.2 Operating profit 167.6 183.7 -8.8% Current net profit 3 117.8 76.9 +53.3% Consolidated net profit 115.7 140.3 -17.6% Including net profit - Group share 113.2 136.0 Shareholders’ equity - Group Share 724.9 621.0 +16.7% Net debt 4 -73.8 -63.4 -16.4% Operating cash flow before interest and taxes 5 210.1 169.4 +24.0%1 Change at constant exchange rates and scope corresponds to organic growth of sales  excluding exchange rate variations  calculating the indicator for the financial year in question and the indicator for the previous financial year on the basis of identical exchange rates (the exchange rate used is the previous financial year’s)  and excluding change in scope  calculating the indicator for the financial year in question on the basis of the scope of consolidation for the previous year  and excluding sales of Sentinel  a product divested on July 1  2020  over the two financial years in question.2 Current operating profit  before depreciation of assets arising from acquisitions  reflects current profit adjusted for the impact of allowance for depreciation of intangible assets resulting from acquisition transactions.3 Current net profit corresponds to consolidated net profit adjusted for non-recurring expenses and income (- €1.2 million)  and for non-current tax (- €0.9 million).4 Net debt corresponds to current (€46.5 million) and non-current (€14.0 million) financial liabilities as well as a lease obligation related to the application of IFRS 16 (€38.5 million)  less the cash position and cash equivalents (€172.8 million) as published in the statement of financial position.5 Operating cash flow corresponds to operating profit (€167.6 million) adjusted for items having no impact on the cash position and impacts related to divestments. The following items are adjusted: fixed asset impairment (€41.7 million)  provision for risks and charges (- €1.7 million)  provisions related to employee benefits (- €1.1 million)  and the other expenses and income without any impact on cash position (€0.6 million)  and the impacts related to divestments (+ €3.0 million).6 Including the impacts of the final decision of the IFRS IC of March 2021 on the configuration and customization costs of software used as part of an SaaS-type contract as described in the accounting principles and methods (net impact - €1.4 million).The accounts were audited by the statutory auditors and examined by the board of directors on March 18  2022. The report of the statutory auditors is in the process of being issued. The statements and detailed presentation of annual profits are available on the corporate site at corporate.virbac.com.Story continuesThanks to the constant mobilization of the Virbac teams for animal health  in a particularly dynamic market  we posted annual revenue of €1.064 billion  an increase of +17.4% over 2020 excluding Sentinel (+13.9% at real scope) compared to the same period in 2020. Excluding the negative effect of exchange rates  revenue rose by +18.4% excluding Sentinel (+14.9% at real scope). All areas had double-digit organic growth  reflecting both the sector’s momentum and the successful execution of our strategic plan. In Europe  the main contributors to this performance were France  area Export activities  the United Kingdom  Germany  Benelux  Italy and Spain  driven by strong growth in the companion animal range. In Asia-Pacific  India continues to drive the area’s growth  accounting for approximately 45% of it; Australia  New Zealand  South Africa  Vietnam  and China also contribute to the area’s very strong growth. The United States benefited from sustained growth across all product lines  including specialty products  the dental and dermatology ranges  recently launched products (Clomicalm  Itrafungol  Senergy and Stelfonta) and  lastly  the manufacturing of Sentinel Spectrum for Merck. In Latin America  Brazil and Mexico drove growth. Lastly  in Chile  the strong second half-year performance helped us achieve organic growth over the year. In terms of species  the companion animal business was essentially driven by the remarkable double-digit growth of the specialty ranges (including Clomicalm  Movoflex  Stelfonta)  petfood  parasiticides  dermatology and dental products  and by the rebound of the vaccine range for dogs and cats  compared to the same period in 2020. It should be noted that sales of Clomicalm and Itrafungol  products acquired in March 2021  and the US petfood range iVet  acquired in July 2021  represented approximately €14 million in sales (or 1.6 percentage points of revenue growth) over the period. The food producing animals segment also showed significant growth due in particular to the ruminant sector.The current operating profit before depreciation of assets arising from acquisitions amounts to €173.2 million  up significantly from 2020 (€127.0 million). This improvement in performance is mainly due to the exceptional growth in our revenue  driven by a very strong performance in all areas and good market dynamics. It is partially offset by a rebound in our expenses  in particular the staff expenses related to the high activity  the commercial expenses in anticipation of product launches  and the acceleration of our R&D investments. Note also  that this annual profit benefits from the recognition of exceptional items in the amount of €5.1 million (€2.4 million in compensation net of costs incurred in 2021  for the continuation of R&D projects acquired in the 1st quarter of 2021 from Elanco  and the additional margin on the transferred inventories of the Clomicalm and Itrafungol products that have benefited from a zero cost of sales as part of the acquisition  and €2.7 million for the reversal of provision for disputes  which have become irrelevant). All of these items represent a positive impact of 0.5 percentage point on the “current operating profit  before depreciation of assets arising from acquisitions” to “revenue” for the period.Current net profit (net consolidated profit adjusted for non-recurring expenses and income and for non-current taxes) totaled €117.8 million  up 53.3% from 2020. This very strong improvement in our current net profit is explained by the reasons given above  in particular the excellent growth of our business and the very strong control of our costs  despite the rebound observed in 2021. It should be noted that our financial result corresponds to a charge of €8.5 million  which is significantly down from the same period in 2020 (charge of €10.4 million). This is explained by the decrease in the cost of net debt of €5.1 million resulting from the repayment of our bank financing following divestment of the Sentinel range; the latter is offset by the decrease in foreign exchange profit of €3.1 million due to the impairment of the Chilean peso against the euro and the US dollar in 2021 compared to the same period in 2020.Net profit - Group Share amounted to €113.2 million  down from the previous year (€136.0 million)  which is explained by the divestment of Sentinel in July 2020.On the financial side  our net debt amounts to - €73.8 million at the end of December 2021  compared to - €63.4 million at the end of December 2020. This positive change in our cash position over the year is mainly due to strong cash generation  which enabled the financing of more sustained capital expenditures (current and acquisitions including the redemption of minority shares of Centrovet)  higher working capital requirements in 2021 given the strong increase in our revenue  and finally the payment of dividends with respect to the 2020 profit.OutlookIn line with our strategic plan  and in a more standardized market  in 2022 we anticipate revenue growth of between 5% and 8% at constant rates and scope. While the ratio of “current operating profit before depreciation of assets arising from acquisitions” to “revenue”  as previously announced  should consolidate around 15% at constant exchange rates (with a voluntary over-investment in R&D of approximately 1 percentage point of revenue compared to 2021). Our debt relief should be around €60 million  excluding dividends  at constant scope and exchange rates. In addition  the distribution of a net dividend of €1.25 per share for the 2021 financial year will be proposed to the next general meeting of shareholders.Covid-19 Health CrisisWe continue to face significant production  logistical and supply constraints with regard to certain intermediaries  and more recently  the impact of inflation on our costs.Conflict between Ukraine and RussiaWe are deeply touched and saddened by what is currently happening in Ukraine  and the humanitarian disaster generated by this war  and we would like to express our support for all the victims. In terms of our business  any direct exposure to this crisis situation is minimal  as our sales to Russia and Ukraine account for less than 0.5% of our total revenue. It should also be noted that we do not have a subsidiary in these two countries  instead we work with distributors. However  we remain vigilant and have formed an internal team to monitor the situation closely  and the possible indirect consequences for our Group  in particular with regard to energy costs (sharply increasing)  and certain raw materials.PRÉSENTATION ANALYSTES – VIRBACNous tiendrons une réunion analystes le mercredi 23 mars 2022 à 14h30 (heure de Paris - CET) dans l’Auditorium l'Edouard VII Business Center  23 square Edouard VII - 75 009 Paris (France).Les participants pourront arriver 15 minutes avant le début de la réunion. L’accès à la réunion sera soumis à la réglementation sanitaire en vigueur à cette date.Un webcast (audio+slides) est également disponible pour assister à la réunion via le lien ci-dessous.Informations pour les participants:Lien d’accès au webcast :https://bit.ly/3JNOPVnCe lien d’accès est disponible sur le site corporate.virbac.com  rubrique « communiqués financiers ». Il permet aux participants d’accéder au webcast en direct et/ou en archive.Vous pourrez poser vos questions au format chat (texte) directement lors du webcast  ou après visionnage du replay à l’adresse courriel : ﬁnances@virbac.com.Virbac: NYSE Euronext - compartment A – ISIN code: FR0000031577 / TICKER: VIRPFinancial Affairs Department: tel. 04 92 08 71 32 - email: finances@virbac.com - Website: corporate.virbac.comAttachment,positive,0.63,0.34,0.03,mixed,0.48,0.35,0.17,True,English,"['2021 operating profit', 'ordinary activities', 'strong growth', 'excellent dynamism', 'growing market', 'VIRBAC', 'business', 'strong second half-year performance', 'fixed asset impairment', 'companion animal business', 'The United States', 'two financial years', 'identical exchange rates', 'companion animal range', 'exchange rate variations', 'remarkable double-digit growth', 'constant exchange rates', 'Operating cash flow', 'Consolidated net profit', 'US petfood range', 'Current operating profit', 'double-digit organic growth', 'Current net profit', 'previous financial year', 'area Export activities', 'constant rates', 'previous year', 'current profit', 'CONSOLIDATED FIGURES', 'animal health', 'strong growth', 'vaccine range', 'constant mobilization', 'ordinary activities', 'Net debt', 'United Kingdom', 'financial liabilities', 'financial position', 'cash position', 'cash equivalents', 'current tax', 'Group share', '136.0 Shareholders’ equity', 'acquisition transactions', 'lease obligation', 'employee benefits', 'final decision', 'customization costs', 'SaaS-type contract', 'accounting principles', 'statutory auditors', 'detailed presentation', 'annual profits', 'corporate site', 'dynamic market', 'same period', 'negative effect', 'successful execution', 'strategic plan', 'main contributors', 'New Zealand', 'South Africa', 'sustained growth', 'Latin America', 'specialty ranges', 'net impact', 'recurring expenses', 'other expenses', 'intangible assets', 'following items', 'IFRS IC', 'product lines', 'specialty products', 'dermatology ranges', 'Non-recurring income', 'Virbac teams', 'real scope', 'Sentinel Spectrum', 'annual revenue', 'dental products', 'DECEMBER', 'millions', 'depreciation', 'acquisitions', 'interest', 'taxes', 'sales', 'indicator', 'question', 'basis', 'consolidation', 'July', 'allowance', 'application', 'statement', 'impacts', 'divestments', 'provision', 'risks', 'charges', 'March', 'configuration', 'software', 'part', 'methods', 'accounts', 'board', 'directors', 'report', 'process', 'Story', 'increase', 'areas', 'sector', 'momentum', 'Europe', 'France', 'Germany', 'Benelux', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'Asia-Pacific', 'India', 'Australia', 'Vietnam', 'China', 'Clomicalm', 'Itrafungol', 'Senergy', 'Stelfonta', 'manufacturing', 'Merck', 'Brazil', 'Mexico', 'Chile', 'terms', 'species', 'Movoflex', 'parasiticides', 'rebound', 'dogs', 'cats', 'iVet', '€', '3.2', '4']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1249,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.cityam.com/commodities-round-up-cotton-and-wheat-prices-rebound-amid-supply-concerns/,Commodities round up: Cotton and wheat prices rebound amid supply concerns,Cotton price soared to 131.7 cents per pound yesterday - its highest level since June 2011  with robust demand from China.The post Commodities round up: Cotton and wheat prices rebound amid supply concerns appeared first on CityAM.,Commodities round up: Cotton and wheat prices rebound amid supply concernsCotton prices rose to 131.7 cents per pound yesterday – its highest level since June 2011.Markets were buoyed by robust demand for US cotton from China as its economy rebounds from the pandemic  while elevated oil prices have raised the prices of synthetic fibres.Commerzbank analyst Carsten Fritsch noted that there has also been little rainfall in Texas over the last month- the leading US cotton growing state  which could result in crop shortfalls this year.He said: “Funds and speculators have apparently jumped on the bandwagon now  though the latter had still been reducing their net long positions slightly in the previous reporting weeks.”Meanwhile  wheat prices have also enjoyed gains after falling from record highs last week.The forward contract for US wheat – traded on the CBOT – gained five per cent to reach 1 119 cents per bushel  while UK prices have risen to £300.90 per tonne and EU wheat priced on the Euronext closed four per cent up at €377 per ton yesterday.Fritsch expects prices to rise further over the course of today.He explained: “This is because market participants are realising that the war in Ukraine is likely to continue for some time yet  meaning that wheat shipments from the Black Sea region will no doubt remain severely restricted. No wheat is currently reaching the market from Ukraine because ports are closed.”According to the chairman of the Ukrainian Grains Association  the lack of grain exports could see Ukraine lose out on $6bn in export revenue by June.While 20m tonnes of wheat and corn are apparently still available for export  but cannot be transported by rail for reasons of capacity.,neutral,0.07,0.64,0.3,negative,0.01,0.19,0.79,True,English,"['wheat prices', 'supply concerns', 'Commodities', 'Cotton', 'leading US cotton growing state', 'Commerzbank analyst Carsten Fritsch', 'net long positions', 'previous reporting weeks', 'five per cent', 'Black Sea region', 'Ukrainian Grains Association', 'US wheat', 'Cotton prices', 'supply concerns', 'highest level', 'robust demand', 'synthetic fibres', 'little rainfall', 'last month', 'crop shortfalls', 'record highs', 'forward contract', 'grain exports', '20m tonnes', 'oil prices', 'UK prices', 'EU wheat', 'wheat shipments', 'market participants', 'export revenue', 'wheat prices', 'Commodities', '131.7 cents', 'pound', 'June', 'Markets', 'China', 'economy', 'pandemic', 'elevated', 'Texas', 'Funds', 'speculators', 'bandwagon', 'gains', 'CBOT', '1,119 cents', 'bushel', 'Euronext', 'course', 'today', 'Ukraine', 'time', 'doubt', 'chairman', 'corn', 'rail', 'reasons', 'capacity']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,cityam.com
1250,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,http://spaceref.com/news/viewpr.html?pid=59688,Spaceflight Inc. and Astrocast Extend Launch Contract,Spaceflight Inc. and Astrocast Extend Launch Contract - SpaceRef,Spaceflight Inc. and Astrocast Extend Launch ContractPress Release From: Spaceflight Inc.Posted: Tuesday  March 22  2022Spaceflight Inc.  the leading global launch services provider  today announced an extended multi-launch agreement (MLA) with long-time customer  Internet of Things (IoT) constellation developer  Astrocast. This agreement will add two missions to accommodate Astrocast’s fast-growing IoT constellation which helps track assets in some of the world’s most remote regions.In February of 2020  Astrocast and Spaceflight signed an MLA for the launch of 10 additional IoT nanosatellites  representing the sixth launch booked with Spaceflight. In total  Spaceflight is now set to launch a majority of the satellites that will complete the Astrocast IoT Nanosatellite Network.Spaceflight has already managed the successful launch of 10 Astrocast spacecraft  including demonstration models on Spaceflight’s historic SSO-A mission in 2018 and PSLV-C45 in 2019. The companies most recently partnered and successfully launched an additional five nanosatellites on Spaceflight’s SXRS-5 in January 2021.“Flexibility is a key differentiator going forward ” said Astrocast CFO Kjell Karlsen. “Spaceflight has already demonstrated their flexibility in launch timing and availability across multiple vehicles in our existing contract. Assured access to space is critical for Astrocast to grow our constellation and we’re looking forward to working with Spaceflight to continue to efficiently build out our constellation in orbit.”The uniqueness of Astrocast’s constellation lies in a very low signal and small antenna and terminal with long battery life. The small size lets the company put the terminal on everything from fishing buoys to animals. For example  Astrocast is helping its customers track illegal fishing  endangered animal species  and heavy machinery in remote locations. By default  IoT solutions implemented in many of these situations are deployed in remote locations – from mines to farmland  ships to oil platforms. Astrocast’s solution minimizes the need for human intervention and repair  wherever possible  safeguarding the business case.“We’re pleased to expand our relationship with Astrocast ” said Curt Blake  president and CEO of Spaceflight. “Having a portfolio of launch options and the expertise to move quickly to accommodate changes is something we’re very proud of  and one that fast-growing constellation builders like Astrocast rely on.”During Satellite 2022 this week in Washington DC  both companies have been nominated for prestigious industry awards. Spaceflight is being honored as one of Via Satellite’s 10 Hottest Companies in Satellite and its Sherpa orbital transfer vehicle (OTV) is a finalist for Via Satellite’s 2021 Satellite Technology of the Year award. Astrocast is nominated for a MSUA's 2022 Satellite Mobile Innovation Award.2022 promises to be a year of unprecedented innovation and leadership for Spaceflight  with approximately 20 planned missions across its diverse portfolio of launch vehicle partners. In January 2022  NASA named Spaceflight to provide launch services for the agency’s Venture-Class Acquisition of Dedicated and Rideshare (VADR) missions. The company also successfully executed its first launch with Astra last week  and plans to debut the next two variations of its Sherpa OTV family with its much-anticipated quarter lunar slingshot mission  GEO Pathfinder.About Spaceflight Inc.As the premier global launch services provider  Spaceflight is revolutionizing the business of space transportation through its comprehensive suite of launch services and Sherpa® orbital transfer vehicles. The company provides unprecedented launch flexibility to ensure customers’ smallsats get to orbit exactly when and where they want through a combination of long-standing relationships with a diverse portfolio of launch partners  innovative satellite integration capabilities  including flight and ground support hardware  licensing and logistics management  and extensive mission management expertise. Based in Seattle  Spaceflight has successfully launched hundreds of satellites and is a part of the Mitsui & Co.  Ltd. portfolio  operating as an independent  U.S.-based company. For more information  visit http://www.spaceflight.com.About AstrocastAstrocast SA is the most advanced global nanosatellite IoT network to tackle challenges in industries such as Agriculture & Livestock  Oil  Gas & Mining  Maritime  Environmental  Connected Vehicles  and IoT Devices. The Astrocast network enables companies to monitor  track  assess  and communicate with critical remote assets from anywhere in the world. In partnership with Airbus  CEA/LETI  the European Space Agency  and Thuraya  Astrocast developed Astronode S  a cutting-edge module featuring low profile L-band antenna  ultralow power consumption  and a small form factor. Founded in 2014 by a renowned team of experts  Astrocast designs  builds  and tests all its products in-house  from the satellites to the terminals. In addition to this  Astrocast is listed on the Euronext Growth market in Oslo. For more information visit www.astrocast.com.ContactsChristie Melby  Communiqué PRChristine@CommuniquePR.com206-282-4923 x127// end //More news releases and status reports or top stories.Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook.Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.59,0.11,0.31,True,English,"['Spaceflight Inc.', 'Launch Contract', 'Astrocast', 'advanced global nanosatellite IoT network', 'leading global launch services provider', 'premier global launch services provider', 'independent, U.S.-based company', 'quarter lunar slingshot mission', 'Sherpa orbital transfer vehicle', 'Sherpa® orbital transfer vehicles', 'innovative satellite integration capabilities', 'low profile L-band antenna', 'Astrocast CFO Kjell Karlsen', 'extensive mission management expertise', 'Astrocast IoT Nanosatellite Network', '2022 Satellite Mobile Innovation Award', 'historic SSO-A mission', '10 additional IoT nanosatellites', 'additional five nanosatellites', 'long battery life', 'endangered animal species', 'prestigious industry awards', 'ground support hardware', 'Environmental, Connected Vehicles', 'ultralow power consumption', 'Sherpa OTV family', 'next two variations', 'The Astrocast network', 'launch vehicle partners', 'small form factor', 'IoT) constellation developer', 'growing IoT constellation', 'extended multi-launch agreement', 'growing constellation builders', 'critical remote assets', 'European Space Agency', 'unprecedented launch flexibility', 'unprecedented innovation', 'Astronode S', 'small antenna', 'IoT solutions', 'IoT Devices', 'multiple vehicles', 'low signal', 'logistics management', 'launch partners', 'two missions', 'Year award', 'sixth launch', 'successful launch', 'launch options', 'first launch', 'small size', 'Via Satellite', '2021 Satellite Technology', 'remote regions', 'remote locations', 'Press Release', 'long-time customer', 'demonstration models', 'key differentiator', 'Assured access', 'fishing buoys', 'illegal fishing', 'heavy machinery', 'human intervention', 'Curt Blake', 'Washington DC', '20 planned missions', 'Venture-Class Acquisition', 'VADR) missions', 'GEO Pathfinder', 'space transportation', 'comprehensive suite', 'long-standing relationships', 'cutting-edge module', 'renowned team', 'diverse portfolio', 'Ltd. portfolio', '10 Astrocast spacecraft', 'existing contract', 'oil platforms', 'business case', 'Astrocast SA', '10 Hottest Companies', 'Spaceflight Inc.', 'Astrocast.', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'MLA', 'Internet', 'Things', 'world', 'February', 'total', 'majority', 'PSLV-C45', 'SXRS', 'January', 'timing', 'availability', 'uniqueness', 'terminal', 'everything', 'animals', 'example', 'customers', 'default', 'situations', 'mines', 'need', 'repair', 'president', 'CEO', 'changes', 'something', 'finalist', 'MSUA', 'leadership', 'NASA', 'Dedicated', 'Rideshare', 'Astra', 'smallsats', 'combination', 'licensing', 'Seattle', 'hundreds', 'Mitsui', 'Co.', 'information', 'challenges', 'industries', 'Agriculture', 'Livestock', 'Gas', 'Mining', 'partnership', 'Airbus', 'CEA/LETI', 'Thuraya', 'experts', 'products', 'house']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,spaceref.com
1251,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220321005941/en/argenx-Announces-Positive-Topline-Phase-3-Data-From-ADAPT-SC-Study-Evaluating-Subcutaneous-Efgartigimod-for-Generalized-Myasthenia-Gravis,argenx Announces Positive Topline Phase 3 Data From ADAPT-SC Study Evaluating Subcutaneous Efgartigimod for Generalized Myasthenia Gravis,BREDA  the Netherlands--(BUSINESS WIRE)--argenx Announces Positive Topline Phase 3 Data from ADAPT-SC Study Evaluating Subcutaneous Efgartigimod for Generalized Myasthenia Gravis,BREDA  the Netherlands--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced positive topline data from the Phase 3 ADAPT-SC study evaluating subcutaneous (SC) efgartigimod (1000mg efgartigimod-PH20) for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG). SC efgartigimod achieved the primary endpoint of total IgG reduction from baseline at day 29  demonstrating statistical noninferiority to VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) intravenous (IV) formulation in gMG patients. Based on these results  argenx plans to submit a Biologics License Application (BLA) to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) by the end of 2022.SC efgartigimod is co-formulated with recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20 (rHuPH20)  Halozyme's ENHANZE® drug delivery technology. ENHANZE facilitates subcutaneous injection delivery of biologics that are typically administered via infusion  providing additional treatment options to patients based on individual preferences.“ Every person living with gMG experiences the disease in their own way  including how they manage symptoms ” said James F. Howard Jr.  M.D.  Professor of Neurology (Neuromuscular Disease)  Medicine and Allied Health  Department of Neurology  The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Medicine and Principal Investigator for the ADAPT-SC trial. “ For many years  patients lacked sufficient treatment options  let alone those that were tailored to their unique needs. These data  along with the recent approval of the intravenous formulation  VYVGART  represent exciting advancements in the management of this debilitating  unpredictable disease by offering patients and physicians the option to select treatment based on individual needs and preferences.”“ Our goal is to redefine and deliver targeted treatment options for people living with gMG globally. By listening to the gMG community  we heard the importance of creating optionality and flexibility for patients. The ADAPT-SC results mark another important step toward achieving this  and further support our vision of delivering a broad array of treatment options for gMG ” said Tim Van Hauwermeiren  Chief Executive Officer of argenx. “ We’re excited about the potential to deliver two best-in-class options that provide flexibility around route of administration and dosing schedule  and look forward to collaborating with the FDA to bring another innovative treatment option to people living with gMG.”Highlights of Topline ADAPT-SC DataPrimary endpoint of noninferiority was met (p< 0.0001); SC efgartigimod demonstrated mean total IgG reduction of 66.4% from baseline at day 29  compared to 62.2% with VYVGART. Results were consistent across the overall population  including those with acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibodies and patients where AChR antibodies were not detected.Additional key secondary endpoints were met  consistent with clinical efficacy results seen in the VYVGART Phase 3 ADAPT study  including: 69.1% of patients treated with SC efgartigimod were responders on the Myasthenia Gravis Activities of Daily Living (MG-ADL) score. Responders are defined as having at least a two-point improvement on the MG-ADL score for at least four consecutive weeks. 65.5% of treated patients were responders on the Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis (QMG) score. Responders are defined as having at least a three-point improvement on the QMG score for at least four consecutive weeks.Onset of effect and minimal symptom expression (defined as MG-ADL score of 0 or 1) were also consistent with ADAPT.SC efgartigimod demonstrated a safety profile consistent with the Phase 3 ADAPT study. It was generally well-tolerated; the most frequent adverse event being injection site reactions (ISRs)  commonly observed with biologics administered subcutaneously. All ISRs were mild to moderate and resolved over time.Detailed data from the ADAPT-SC trial will be submitted for presentation at a future medical meeting.Phase 3 ADAPT-SC Trial DesignThe Phase 3 ADAPT-SC trial was a randomized  open-label  parallel-group  multicenter trial evaluating the noninferiority of the pharmacodynamic (PD) effect of SC efgartigimod (1000mg efgartigimod-PH20) as compared with IV efgartigimod (10mg/kg) in patients with gMG. The pharmacodynamic effect as measured by percent change from baseline in total IgG levels at day 29  one week after the last dose of IV or SC efgartigimod  served as the primary endpoint in the ADAPT-SC trial. The correlation between total IgG reduction and clinical benefit in gMG was demonstrated in a Phase 2 and the Phase 3 ADAPT trial  which served as the basis for approval of VYVGART in the U.S. and Japan. Safety  clinical efficacy  immunogenicity and pharmacokinetics (PK) were also assessed.A total of 110 adult patients with gMG in North America  Europe and Japan enrolled in the ADAPT-SC trial and were treated. Inclusion criteria of the trial were the same as the Phase 3 ADAPT trial of VYVGART; enrolled patients had a confirmed gMG diagnosis and an MG-ADL total score of at least 5 with greater than 50% of the total score attributed to non-ocular symptoms  at screening and baseline. Patients were on a stable dose of at least one gMG treatment prior to randomization  including acetylcholinesterase inhibitors  corticosteroids or nonsteroidal immunosuppressive drugs  and were required to remain on that stable dose throughout the primary trial.Patients were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive SC efgartigimod or IV efgartigimod for one treatment cycle consisting of four doses at weekly intervals. The total study duration was approximately 12 weeks  including seven weeks of follow-up after the treatment cycle.Conference Call and WebcastA webcast of the live call may be accessed on the Investors section of the argenx website at argenx.com/investors. A replay of the webcast will be available on the argenx website for approximately one year following the call.Dial-in numbers:Please dial in 15 minutes prior to the live call.Belgium 32 800 50 201 France 33 800 943355 Netherlands 31 20 795 1090 United Kingdom 44 800 358 0970 United States 1 888 415 4250 Japan 81 3 4578 9752 Switzerland 41 43 210 11 32See the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART in the U.S.  which includes the below Important Safety Information. For more information related to VYVGART in Japan  visit argenx.jp.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) intravenous (IV) formulation (U.S. PRESCRIBING INFORMATION)What is VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab)?VYVGART is a prescription medicine used to treat a condition called generalized myasthenia gravis  which causes muscles to tire and weaken easily throughout the body  in adults who are positive for antibodies directed toward a protein called acetylcholine receptor (anti-AChR antibody positive).What is the most important information I should know about VYVGART?VYVGART may cause serious side effects  including:Infection. VYVGART may increase the risk of infection. In a clinical study  the most common infections were urinary tract and respiratory tract infections. More patients on VYVGART vs placebo had below normal levels for white blood cell counts  lymphocyte counts  and neutrophil counts. The majority of infections and blood side effects were mild to moderate in severity. Your health care provider should check you for infections before starting treatment  during treatment  and after treatment with VYVGART. Tell your health care provider if you have any history of infections. Tell your health care provider right away if you have signs or symptoms of an infection during treatment with VYVGART such as fever  chills  frequent and/or painful urination  cough  pain and blockage of nasal passages/sinus  wheezing  shortness of breath  fatigue  sore throat  excess phlegm  nasal discharge  back pain  and/or chest pain.VYVGART may increase the risk of infection. In a clinical study  the most common infections were urinary tract and respiratory tract infections. More patients on VYVGART vs placebo had below normal levels for white blood cell counts  lymphocyte counts  and neutrophil counts. The majority of infections and blood side effects were mild to moderate in severity. Your health care provider should check you for infections before starting treatment  during treatment  and after treatment with VYVGART. Tell your health care provider if you have any history of infections. Tell your health care provider right away if you have signs or symptoms of an infection during treatment with VYVGART such as fever  chills  frequent and/or painful urination  cough  pain and blockage of nasal passages/sinus  wheezing  shortness of breath  fatigue  sore throat  excess phlegm  nasal discharge  back pain  and/or chest pain. Undesirable immune reactions (hypersensitivity reactions). VYVGART can cause the immune system to have undesirable reactions such as rashes  swelling under the skin  and shortness of breath. In clinical studies  the reactions were mild or moderate and occurred within 1 hour to 3 weeks of administration  and the reactions did not lead to VYVGART discontinuation. Your health care provider should monitor you during and after treatment and discontinue VYVGART if needed. Tell your health care provider immediately about any undesirable reactions.Before taking VYVGART  tell your health care provider about all of your medical conditions  including if you:Have a history of infection or you think you have an infection.Have received or are scheduled to receive a vaccine (immunization). Discuss with your health care provider whether you need to receive age-appropriate immunizations before initiation of a new treatment cycle with VYVGART. The use of vaccines during VYVGART treatment has not been studied  and the safety with live or live-attenuated vaccines is unknown. Administration of live or live-attenuated vaccines is not recommended during treatment with VYVGART.Are pregnant or plan to become pregnant and are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed.Tell your health care provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the-counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.What are the common side effects of VYVGART?The most common side effects of VYVGART are respiratory tract infection  headache  and urinary tract infection.These are not all the possible side effects of VYVGART. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You may report side effects to the US Food and Drug Administration at 1-800-FDA-1088.Please see the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART and talk to your doctor.About Generalized Myasthenia GravisMG is a rare and chronic autoimmune disease where IgG antibodies disrupt communication between nerves and muscles  causing debilitating and potentially life-threatening muscle weakness. More than 85% of people with MG progress to generalized MG (gMG) within 18 months  where muscles throughout the body may be affected  resulting in extreme fatigue and difficulties with facial expression  speech  swallowing and mobility. In more life-threatening cases  MG can affect the muscles responsible for breathing. Patients with confirmed AChR antibodies account for 80-90% of the total gMG population.About EfgartigimodEfgartigimod is an antibody fragment designed to reduce pathogenic immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies by binding to the neonatal Fc receptor and blocking the IgG recycling process. Efgartigimod is being investigated in several autoimmune diseases known to be mediated by disease-causing IgG antibodies  including neuromuscular disorders  blood disorders  and skin blistering diseases  in both an intravenous and subcutaneous (SC) formulation. SC efgartigimod is co-formulated with recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20 (rHuPH20)  Halozyme's ENHANZE® drug delivery technology.About VYVGART®VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) is a human IgG1 antibody fragment that binds to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)  resulting in the reduction of circulating immunoglobulin G (IgG) autoantibodies. It is the first and only approved FcRn blocker. VYVGART is approved in the United States for the treatment of adults with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive and in Japan for the treatment of adults with gMG who do not have sufficient response to steroids or non-steroidal immunosuppressive therapies (ISTs).About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and-only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S. and Japan. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.Forward-Looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes ” “estimates ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will” or “should” and include statements argenx makes concerning the expected benefits of subcutaneous (SC) efgartigimod (1000mg efgartigimod-PH20) for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) and the market acceptance thereof. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.31,0.18,0.51,True,English,"['Positive Topline Phase 3 Data', 'Generalized Myasthenia Gravis', 'ADAPT-SC Study', 'Subcutaneous Efgartigimod', 'argenx', 'randomized, open-label, parallel-group, multicenter trial', 'recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20', 'James F. Howard Jr.', 'Additional key secondary endpoints', 'ENHANZE® drug delivery technology', 'VYVGART Phase 3 ADAPT study', 'subcutaneous injection delivery', 'global immunology company', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'generalized myasthenia gravis', 'Chapel Hill School', 'Tim Van Hauwermeiren', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Myasthenia Gravis Activities', 'four consecutive weeks', 'Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis', 'minimal symptom expression', 'frequent adverse event', 'injection site reactions', 'future medical meeting', 'total IgG reduction', 'total IgG levels', 'Phase 3 ADAPT-SC study', 'additional treatment options', 'positive topline data', 'ADAPT-SC Trial Design', 'Phase 3 ADAPT trial', 'U.S. Food', 'debilitating, unpredictable disease', 'sufficient treatment options', 'targeted treatment options', 'Topline ADAPT-SC Data', 'Phase 3 ADAPT-SC trial', 'Biologics License Application', 'pharmacodynamic (PD) effect', 'innovative treatment option', 'subcutaneous (SC) efgartigimod', 'The ADAPT-SC results', 'intravenous (IV) formulation', 'clinical efficacy results', 'intravenous formulation', 'class options', 'Drug Administration', 'The University', 'pharmacodynamic effect', 'clinical benefit', 'Detailed data', 'SC efgartigimod', 'efgartigimod alfa-fcab', 'IV efgartigimod', '1000mg efgartigimod-PH', 'primary endpoint', 'M.D.', 'Neuromuscular Disease', 'Allied Health', 'North Carolina', 'Principal Investigator', 'many years', 'unique needs', 'exciting advancements', 'individual needs', 'important step', 'broad array', 'dosing schedule', 'overall population', 'acetylcholine receptor', 'AChR) antibodies', 'AChR antibodies', 'Daily Living', 'two-point improvement', 'three-point improvement', 'percent change', 'last dose', 'North America', 'Inclusion criteria', 'individual preferences', 'recent approval', 'safety profile', 'argenx SE', 'statistical noninferiority', 'MG-ADL score', 'gMG community', '110 adult patients', 'QMG score', 'gMG patients', 'VYVGART®', 'BREDA', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'baseline', 'day', 'BLA', 'FDA', 'rHuPH', 'Halozyme', 'infusion', 'person', 'way', 'symptoms', 'Professor', 'Neurology', 'Medicine', 'Department', 'management', 'physicians', 'goal', 'importance', 'optionality', 'flexibility', 'vision', 'potential', 'route', 'Highlights', 'responders', 'Onset', 'ISRs', 'time', 'presentation', 'correlation', 'basis', 'Japan', 'immunogenicity', 'pharmacokinetics', 'PK', 'Europe']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,businesswire.com
1252,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-us-shareholders-tax-reporting-information-301508036.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited U.S. Shareholders Tax Reporting Information,LONDON  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon will provide to self-identified U.S. shareholders of Tetragon for the 2021 calendar year  on a confidential basis only  information necessary for such a shareholder to satisfy its U.S. federal income tax filing …,LONDON  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon will provide to self-identified U.S. shareholders of Tetragon for the 2021 calendar year  on a confidential basis only  information necessary for such a shareholder to satisfy its U.S. federal income tax filing obligations  including such information necessary to make qualified electing fund (QEF) elections under the U.S. tax rules for Passive Foreign Investment Companies (PFICs).Any such shareholders who wish to receive this confidential information should provide their contact details to Tetragon's Investor Relations department at the contact details below.Tetragon will use reasonable efforts to provide information with respect to underlying portfolio companies that it has reasonably determined to be PFICs. Although estimates of such underlying PFIC information may be provided earlier  Tetragon may not be able to provide actual underlying PFIC information in advance of the 15 April tax return deadline applicable to most individual U.S. taxpayers  and so such shareholders may wish to request an extension of their tax filing deadline. In addition  Tetragon will not accept any liability for the accuracy or completeness of any such provided information.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a closed-ended investment company that invests in a broad range of assets  including public and private equities and credit (including distressed securities and structured credit)  convertible bonds  real estate  venture capital  infrastructure  bank loans and TFG Asset Management  a diversified alternative asset management business. Where appropriate  through TFG Asset Management  Tetragon seeks to own all  or a portion  of asset management companies with which it invests in order to enhance the returns achieved on its capital. Tetragon's investment objective is to generate distributable income and capital appreciation. It aims to provide stable returns to investors across various credit  equity  interest rate  inflation and real estate cycles. The company's non-voting shares are traded on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and on the Specialist Fund Segment of the main market of the London Stock Exchange. For more information please visit the company's website at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon: Press Inquiries:Yuko Thomas Prosek PartnersInvestor Relations [email protected][email protected]United StatesUnited KingdomRyan FitzGibbon Remy Marin Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell+1 646 818 9298 +1 646 818 9234 +44 7717 281 665 +44 7940 166 251This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.03,0.26,0.71,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited U.S. Shareholders Tax Reporting Information', 'Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell', 'U.S. federal income tax filing obligations', 'most individual U.S. taxpayers', 'diversified alternative asset management business', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'U.S. tax rules', '15 April tax return deadline', 'Yuko Thomas Prosek Partners', 'self-identified U.S. shareholders', 'Passive Foreign Investment Companies', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'tax filing deadline', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'actual underlying PFIC information', 'U.S. persons', 'asset management companies', 'TFG Asset Management', 'underlying portfolio companies', 'collective investment scheme', 'qualified electing fund', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Investor Relations department', 'real estate cycles', 'London Stock Exchange', 'distributable income', 'investment objective', '2021 calendar year', 'confidential basis', 'QEF) elections', 'contact details', 'reasonable efforts', 'broad range', 'private equities', 'convertible bonds', 'bank loans', 'interest rate', 'voting shares', 'regulated market', 'main market', 'Press Inquiries', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'Netherlands Authority', 'confidential information', 'distressed securities', 'venture capital', 'capital appreciation', 'public register', 'structured credit', 'stable returns', 'public offer', 'PRNewswire', 'PFICs', 'respect', 'estimates', 'advance', 'extension', 'addition', 'liability', 'accuracy', 'completeness', 'assets', 'infrastructure', 'portion', 'order', 'investors', 'equity', 'inflation', 'website', 'tetragoninv', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,prnewswire.com
1255,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veolia-completes-the-combination-with-suez--strengthens-its-position-in-north-america-to-transform-the-delivery-of-environmental-services-301507781.html,Veolia completes the combination with Suez & strengthens its position in North America to transform the delivery of environmental services,Veolia North America is now the leading company for cities and municipalities across the U.S. for drinking water and wastewater treatment systems BOSTON  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Veolia North America (VNA)  a wholly owned subsidiary of Veolia Group  ann…,"Veolia North America is now the leading company for cities and municipalities across the U.S. for drinking water and wastewater treatment systemsBOSTON  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Veolia North America (VNA)  a wholly owned subsidiary of Veolia Group  announces the integration of its businesses with Suez's assets in the United States and Canada  following the completion of the combination of the two companies  which was announced earlier this year. This positions VNA with 10 000 employees as the leading water and wastewater treatment company in the US for cities and municipalities.In North America  Veolia is already active in water and wastewater treatment  commercial and hazardous waste collection and disposal  energy consulting through its decarbonization offerings as well as resource recovery  including the recycling of wind turbine blades.The combination of the strengths and assets of the two companies will bring innovation and enhanced resources to strongly support the ecological transformation of the U.S. water sector and to contribute to the country's 2030 carbon neutrality goals.The main areas of transformational innovations will include:Water and wastewater treatment: expanded opportunities to create water reclamation and reuse programs that preserve and recycle water resources.expanded opportunities to create water reclamation and reuse programs that preserve and recycle water resources. Waste management: investments in hazardous waste management that ensure the safe and reliable disposal of materials that otherwise would pose a threat to natural resources.investments in hazardous waste management that ensure the safe and reliable disposal of materials that otherwise would pose a threat to natural resources. Energy: expanded opportunities to reduce or avoid carbon emissions and enable energy efficiency for cities and industries working to achieve greater sustainability and resilience goals.""The creation of a global champion of ecological transformation is a game changer for the environmental services sector. Veolia's aim is to act as a unique enabler of the ecological transformation solutions and a reliable partner for public and private customers to respond to the environmental emergency "" commented Antoine Frérot  Veolia Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. ""In the current challenging context worldwide  Veolia's teams are more than ever mobilized around our primary mission of providing environmental and energy solutions to meet the vital needs of populations in a responsible manner and to continue building a sustainable future.""""This important milestone marks a new era in the delivery of the ecological transformation solutions to millions of people in communities across the United States and Canada who rely on our services "" said Veolia North America President and CEO Frédéric Van Heems. ""The combination of the strengths and resources of the two companies will bring innovation  investments and skills to enhance the delivery of essential services in water  wastewater  waste management and energy — services that keep our vital infrastructure functioning and thriving.""For existing customers of both Veolia North America and Suez North America  the merger will not result in any immediate changes in how they receive their services. The benefits of the merger will be incorporated over time to ensure a smooth transition and maintain the strong relationships the companies have with their customers.Under terms of the merger  Veolia North America  which employs more than 7 000 people at more than 250 locations across the U.S. and Canada  will be joined by Suez North America  which primarily provides water and wastewater treatment services. The merger expands Veolia North America's water portfolio  with an additional 6.7 million water customers — including over 700 000 drinking water customers — served through 67 additional public-private partnerships and six new regulated utilities.About Veolia GroupVeolia Group aims to be the benchmark company for ecological transformation. With nearly 179 000 employees worldwide  the Group designs and provides game-changing solutions that are both useful and practical for water  waste and energy management. Through its three complementary business activities  Veolia helps to develop access to resources  preserve available resources and replenish them. In 2020  the Veolia Group supplied 95 million people with drinking water and 62 million people with wastewater services  produced nearly 42 million megawatt hours of energy and treated 47 million metric tons of waste. Veolia Environnement (listed on Paris Euronext: VIE) recorded consolidated revenue of €26.010 billion in 2020 (USD 29.7 billion). www.veolia.comAbout Veolia North AmericaA subsidiary of Veolia Group  Veolia North America (VNA) offers a full spectrum of water  waste and energy management services  including water and wastewater treatment  commercial and hazardous waste collection and disposal  energy consulting and resource recovery. VNA helps commercial  industrial  healthcare  higher education and municipality customers throughout North America. Headquartered in Boston  Mass.  Veolia North America has more than 7 000 employees working at more than 250 locations across the continent. www.veolianorthamerica.comSOURCE Veolia North America",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.25,0.17,0.57,True,English,"['North America', 'environmental services', 'Veolia', 'combination', 'Suez', 'position', 'delivery', 'CEO Frédéric Van Heems', 'three complementary business activities', 'six new regulated utilities', 'Veolia North America President', 'U.S. water sector', 'additional 6.7 million water customers', 'Antoine Frérot', '67 additional public-private partnerships', 'wind turbine blades', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'current challenging context', '42 million megawatt hours', '47 million metric tons', 'Suez North America', 'hazardous waste collection', '2030 carbon neutrality goals', 'wastewater treatment systems', 'commercial, industrial, healthcare', 'hazardous waste management', 'environmental services sector', 'ecological transformation solutions', 'wastewater treatment company', 'wastewater treatment services', '700,000 drinking water customers', 'energy management services', 'new era', 'carbon emissions', 'resilience goals', 'game-changing solutions', 'private customers', 'existing customers', 'leading company', 'benchmark company', '95 million people', '62 million people', 'wastewater services', 'Veolia Chairman', 'Veolia Environnement', 'energy solutions', 'Veolia Group', 'United States', 'decarbonization offerings', 'resource recovery', 'main areas', 'transformational innovations', 'reuse programs', 'greater sustainability', 'global champion', 'game changer', 'unique enabler', 'reliable partner', 'environmental emergency', 'primary mission', 'vital needs', 'responsible manner', 'sustainable future', 'important milestone', 'essential services', 'vital infrastructure', 'immediate changes', 'smooth transition', 'strong relationships', 'Paris Euronext', 'consolidated revenue', 'full spectrum', 'higher education', 'leading water', 'water reclamation', 'water portfolio', 'two companies', 'enhanced resources', 'natural resources', 'available resources', 'water resources', 'energy efficiency', 'energy consulting', 'reliable disposal', '7,000 people', 'cities', 'municipalities', 'BOSTON', 'PRNewswire', 'VNA', 'subsidiary', 'integration', 'businesses', 'assets', 'Canada', 'completion', 'combination', '10,000 employees', 'recycling', 'strengths', 'country', 'expanded', 'opportunities', 'investments', 'safe', 'materials', 'threat', 'industries', 'creation', 'aim', 'teams', 'populations', 'delivery', 'millions', 'communities', 'skills', 'merger', 'benefits', 'time', 'terms', '250 locations', '179,000 employees', 'access', 'VIE']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,prnewswire.com
1257,EuroNext,Google API,https://mondovisione.com/media-and-resources/news/star-conference-2022-the-dedicated-meetings-forum-for-companies-listed-on-euron/,STAR Conference 2022  The Dedicated Meetings Forum For Companies Listed On Euronext STAR Milan  Returns In Person To Palazzo Mezzanotte,1 day ago,1 day ago,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.19,0.67,0.14,True,English,"['Dedicated Meetings Forum', 'Euronext STAR Milan', 'STAR Conference', 'Palazzo Mezzanotte', 'Companies', 'Person']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,mondovisione.com
1258,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SESA-S-P-A-8253632/news/SeSa-S-p-A-Participation-at-ldquo-Euronext-STAR-Conference-2022-rdquo-organized-by-Borsa-Italian-39823763/,SeSa S p A : Participation at “Euronext STAR Conference 2022” organized by Borsa Italiana,1 day ago,"PRESS RELEASEPARTECIPATION AT ""EURONEXT STAR CONFERENCE 2022""ORGANIZED BY BORSA ITALIANAEmpoli (FI)  March 22  2022Sesa (""SESA"" - SES.MI)  reference player in Italy in technological innovation and digital services for the business segment  communicates that today March 22  2022 will meet the financial community at the meeting ""Euronext STAR Conference 2022""  organized by Borsa Italiana Milano at Palazzo Mezzanotte.The related presentation is available on the Company's website www.sesa.it  section ""Investor Relations"".****Sesa S.p.A.  with Headquarters in Empoli (Florence)  is the operating holding company of a Group with presence on the whole Italian territory and foreign countries as Germany  Switzerland  Austria  France  Spain  Romania and China. Sesa Group represents the reference player in Italy in technological innovation and digital services for the business segment  with consolidated revenues of Euro 2 037 million and 3 500 employees as of April 30  2021.Sesa Group has the mission of offering technological solutions  digital services and business applications  to support the digital transformation ad the innovation path of Enterprises and Organizations. Thanks to the skills and specialization of its human resources  Sesa Group operates in the value-added segments of Information Technology  such as Security  Cloud  Managed Services  ERP & Vertical Solutions  Customer Experience  Business Process Management  Digital Platform  Digital Engineering Solutions.Sesa Group operates through four main business Sectors:VAD (Value Added Distribution)  with revenues of about Euro 1 600 million and 425 human resources as of April 30  2021SSI (Software and System Integration)  with revenues of about Euro 480 million and 2 500 human resources as of April 30  2021Business Services  with revenues of about Euro 47 million and 410 human resources as of April 30  2021Corporate  with revenues of about Euro 20 million and 200 human resources as of April 30  2021.Sesa Group pursues the sustainable development strategy for the benefit of all Stakeholders  with a track record in the period 2011- 2021 of continuous growth in employment  revenues (CAGR revenues 2011-2021 +10.6%) and profitability (CAGR Ebitda 2011-2021 +13.9%).Sesa Group strategy of long-term value generation for all stakeholder is based on human resources skill development  environmental sustainability and social responsibility. In Year 2021 Sesa introduced in its corporate bylaw the sustainable growth as Board of Directors priority. Sesa S.p.A. is listed on the Euronext STAR Milan (ISIN Code: IT0004729759).***",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,positive,0.47,0.36,0.17,True,English,"['Euronext STAR Conference', 'SeSa S', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Participation', 'four main business Sectors', 'Sesa S.p.A.', 'human resources skill development', 'EURONEXT STAR CONFERENCE', 'sustainable development strategy', 'Euronext STAR Milan', 'Business Process Management', 'Borsa Italiana Milano', 'long-term value generation', 'Digital Engineering Solutions', 'Sesa Group strategy', '425 human resources', '2,500 human resources', '410 human resources', '200 human resources', 'business segment', 'business applications', 'Business Services', 'sustainable growth', 'technological solutions', 'Vertical Solutions', 'digital services', 'digital transformation', 'Digital Platform', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'SES.MI', 'reference player', 'technological innovation', 'financial community', 'Palazzo Mezzanotte', 'related presentation', 'Investor Relations', 'Italian territory', 'foreign countries', 'innovation path', 'value-added segments', 'Information Technology', 'Managed Services', 'Customer Experience', 'System Integration', 'track record', 'continuous growth', 'CAGR Ebitda', 'environmental sustainability', 'social responsibility', 'corporate bylaw', 'Directors priority', 'ISIN Code', 'holding company', 'CAGR revenues', 'PARTECIPATION', 'Empoli', 'March', 'Italy', 'meeting', 'website', 'section', 'Headquarters', 'Florence', 'operating', 'presence', 'Germany', 'Switzerland', 'Austria', 'France', 'Spain', 'Romania', 'China', 'consolidated', '037 million', '3,500 employees', 'April', 'mission', 'Enterprises', 'Organizations', 'skills', 'specialization', 'Security', 'Cloud', 'VAD', 'Distribution', 'Software', 'benefit', 'Stakeholders', 'period', 'employment', 'profitability', 'Year', 'Board']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,marketscreener.com
1260,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220322006046/en/Technip-Energies-Announces-Launch-of-Share-Buy-Back-Program,Technip Energies Announces Launch of Share Buy-Back Program,1 day ago,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) (the “Company”)  a leading Engineering & Technology company for the Energy Transition  today announces the launch of a share buy-back program of up to 29 850 000 euros to be executed until December 31  2022 following the publication of this press release. The share buy-back program will be carried out in accordance with the authorisation of the Boards of Directors and the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014  Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 and Rule 10b5-1(c) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended).The Company intends to carry out the buy-back program  and hold the shares bought back as treasury stock  for the purpose of meeting the Company’s obligations under equity incentive plans.As of March 22  2022  the Company holds approximately 3 million treasury shares  representing approximately 1.7 percent of its issued share capital.The Company will appoint one broker to execute the share buy-back program in accordance with all applicable regulations. The broker will make their decisions relating to the purchase of Company shares independently  including with respect to the timing of any purchases  and all purchases effected will be in compliance with daily limits on prices and volumes.The maximum number of shares that could be acquired under the program for 29 850 000 euros would be 2 700 000 shares  which represents approximately 1.5 percent of the Company’s issued share capital. Purchases of shares will be made on the regulated market of Euronext Paris.The price paid for any share purchased pursuant to the share buy-back program shall be subject to a maximum of the greater of (i) the price of the last independent trade and (ii) the highest current independent purchase bid on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  and all other terms and conditions that may be agreed with the broker.The actual timing  number and value of Company shares repurchased under the share buy-back program will depend on a number of factors  including market conditions  general business conditions and applicable legal requirements. The Company is not obligated to carry out the share buy-back program  and  if commenced  the share buy- back program may be suspended and discontinued at any time  for any reason and without previous notice  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.The share buy-back program implements the authorization granted by the Company’s sole shareholder prior to the listing of the Company on February 15  2021 to repurchase shares in accordance with the authorisation of the Board of Directors.The Company will announce details of any share purchases effected pursuant to the share buy-back program  as required by applicable laws and regulations. The costs that the Company may incur in connection with the purchase of the shares pursuant to the share buy-back program will depend on the price and the terms on which actual purchases are made.About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO2 management. The company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 34 countries  our 15 000 people are fully committed to bringing our client’s innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies shares are listed on Euronext Paris. In addition  Technip Energies has a Level 1 sponsored American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”) program  with its ADRs trading over-the-counter. For further information: www.technipenergies.com.Forward-looking statementsThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements usually relate to future events and anticipated revenues  earnings  cash flows or other aspects of Technip Energies’ operations or operating results. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words “believe ” “expect ” “anticipate ” “plan ” “intend ” “foresee ” “should ” “would ” “could ” “may ” “estimate ” “outlook ” and similar expressions  including the negative thereof. The absence of these words  however  does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on Technip Energies’ current expectations  beliefs and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on Technip Energies. While Technip Energies believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made  there can be no assurance that future developments affecting Technip Energies will be those that Technip Energies anticipates.All of Technip Energies’ forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties (some of which are significant or beyond Technip Energies’ control) and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from Technip Energies’ historical experience and Technip Energies’ present expectations or projections. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.For information regarding known material factors that could cause actual results to differ from projected results  please see Technip Energies’ risk factors set forth in Technip Energies’ filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  which include amendment no. 4 to Technip Energies’ registration statement on Form F-1 filed on February 11  2021.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. Technip Energies undertakes no duty to and will not necessarily update any of the forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events  except to the extent required by applicable law.DisclaimersThis release is intended for informational purposes only for the shareholders of Technip Energies. This press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. This press release is not intended for distribution in jurisdictions that require prior regulatory review and authorization to distribute a press release of this nature.The Shares have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  and may not be offered or sold  directly or indirectly  within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons  absent registration or an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There will be no public offer of the Shares in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. The Shares are being offered outside the United States in transactions that are not subject to the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) to persons other than US persons (within the meaning of Regulation S) and in the United States to ""qualified institutional buyers"" (“QIBs”) pursuant to an exemption from  or in transactions not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act.",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,negative,0.04,0.27,0.69,True,English,"['Share Buy-Back Program', 'Technip Energies', 'Launch', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'United States Securities Exchange Act', 'highest current independent purchase bid', 'United States Securities Act', 'robust project delivery model', 'share buy- back program', 'last independent trade', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'equity incentive plans', 'Liquefied Natural Gas', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'share buy-back program', 'applicable legal requirements', 'growing market positions', 'general business conditions', 'Technip Energies’ operations', '3 million treasury shares', 'Technip Energies shares', 'current expectations', 'share capital', 'treasury stock', 'leadership positions', 'regulated market', 'market conditions', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'applicable laws', 'share purchases', 'Regulatory News', 'leading Engineering', 'Energy Transition', 'press release', 'daily limits', 'previous notice', 'sole shareholder', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO2 management', 'extensive technology', 'services offering', 'innovative projects', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'future events', 'cash flows', 'other aspects', 'operating results', 'similar expressions', 'future developments', 'potential effect', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Euronext Paris', 'applicable regulations', 'Technology company', 'The Company', 'other terms', 'actual timing', 'green hydrogen', 'actual purchases', 'one broker', 'Company shares', 'maximum number', '2,700,000 shares', 'launch', '29,850,000 euros', 'December', 'publication', 'accordance', 'authorisation', 'Boards', 'Directors', 'provisions', 'Rule', 'purpose', 'obligations', 'March', '1.7 percent', 'decisions', 'respect', 'compliance', 'prices', 'volumes', '1.5 percent', 'value', 'factors', 'time', 'reason', 'authorization', 'listing', 'February', 'details', 'costs', 'connection', 'LNG', 'ethylene', 'blue', 'products', '34 countries', '15,000 people', 'client', 'life', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'addition', 'Level 1', 'ADRs', 'counter', 'information', 'technipenergies', 'revenues', 'earnings', 'words', 'outlook', 'absence', 'beliefs', 'assumptions', 'assurance']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,businesswire.com
1275,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sanctions-delay-payments-russian-corporate-100838815.html,Steel giant Severstal scrambles to avoid first major default of Russia-Ukraine crisis,Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that the payment process on hard currency bonds issued by Russia or Russian companies has become much...,"Steel giant Severstal scrambles to avoid first major default of Russia-Ukraine crisis General view shows Moscow International Business Center in Moscow(Reuters) -Russian steel giant Severstal was racing against the clock on Wednesday to avoid becoming the country's first major corporate default since the Ukraine crisis began  with international payment lines snarled by sanctions.Severstal  whose main shareholder Alexey Mordashov is one of a number of wealthy Russians now sanctioned by the European Union  has until the end of the day to get an already overdue $12.6 million loan 'coupon' payment to its creditors.A source close to the steel firm said the money had been transferred last week but was yet to be processed and passed on by its paying agent Citibank.""This will technically be the first default since the crisis began to unfold "" Seaport Global credit analyst Himanshu Porwal said.""But people will know it is driven by the way the sanctions have been formulated  rather than the company's fault "" adding Severstal might find a way to make the payment in the coming days  especially if Mordashov were to cut or relinquish his large stake in the firm  which itself is not sanctioned.With Wednesday's deadline fast approaching Severstal said it had been in constant discussions about the issues  and that it was looking at an application for special ""licences"" that may be required to make the payment.The legal terms of the bonds state an ""Event of Default"" can be formally declared five working days after the March 16 coupon due date.The latest Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that transferring payments on Russian government and corporate bonds has become complex.Previously payments like Severstal's would have been processed by international clearing houses such as Clearstream or Euroclear  which confirm asset ownership  and also funnel payments for domestic bondholders to Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD).However both Euroclear  owned by a group of global exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  have said they will stop settling trades in Russian securities as a result of the EU's sanctions.Story continuesNeither Clearstream  Euroclear nor Citigroup responded to requests for comment.DELAYS POSSIBLEA Severstal default would be the first by a major Russian company since Moscow was blanketed by sanctions for what it calls its ""special military operation"" in Ukraine  but it may not be alone.Russian companies need to make $18.5 billion of international bond payments by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  while Moscow needs to pay another $3.4 billion on its foreign currency sovereign bonds.Investors would have the right to take legal action to reclaim unpaid amounts  most likely in the United Kingdom or the United States - under whose laws most international market bonds are issued.Payments due in coming days include from Gazprom  which made a payment without problems earlier this month  Russian Railways on March 25 and Polyus Gold on March 28  the same day as Russia's next international sovereign bond payment falls due.It's not just international bondholders who are affected. Severstal  Russia's top steelmaker NLMK  state-owned Russian Railways and fertiliser producer Eurochem are all struggling to get payments to Russian bondholders  the firms themselves and ITI Capital say.NLMK said on Tuesday it had paid a coupon on a 2024 bond but while foreigners had started to receive their money  Russian holders hadn't.""This is due to the fact that... Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia's NSD "" NLMK said. ""We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents.""NSD confirmed it was receiving payments from Euroclear  but said it will not process these until Euroclear gets clarifications from European regulators.""After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed...as usual "" it said.The daily Kommersant newspaper  citing a source at a large brokerage firm  said some Russian holders of Moscow's sovereign bonds also hadn't received payments. A source at a European-based fund told Reuters it too had not received a sovereign bond payment due on Monday.The Russian finance ministry  Russian Railways and Eurochem did not reply to requests for comment.""Delays are possible for payments cleared via international depositories "" NSD added in a statement to Reuters.""This could be linked to 'manual' processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators"".(Reporting by Reuters; Editing by Alexander Smith  Kirsten Donovan)",negative,0.02,0.2,0.78,mixed,0.04,0.2,0.76,True,English,"['Steel giant Severstal', 'first major default', 'Russia-Ukraine crisis', ""overdue $12.6 million loan 'coupon' payment"", 'next international sovereign bond payment', 'Seaport Global credit analyst', 'foreign currency sovereign bonds', 'most international market bonds', 'March 16 coupon due date', 'Moscow International Business Center', 'first major corporate default', 'Russian steel giant Severstal', 'international clearing houses', 'National Settlement Depository', 'daily Kommersant newspaper', 'international payment lines', 'first major default', 'Russian finance ministry', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'state-owned Russian Railways', 'major Russian company', 'large brokerage firm', 'international bond payments', 'latest Western sanctions', 'corporate bonds', 'first default', 'international bondholders', 'international depositories', 'steel firm', 'global exchanges', 'large stake', 'Russian government', 'Russian securities', 'Russian companies', 'Russian bondholders', 'Russian holders', 'Russian residents', 'Severstal default', 'General view', 'main shareholder', 'wealthy Russians', 'European Union', 'paying agent', 'Himanshu Porwal', 'coming days', 'constant discussions', 'special ""licences', 'legal terms', 'asset ownership', 'domestic bondholders', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'legal action', 'unpaid amounts', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Polyus Gold', 'top steelmaker', 'fertiliser producer', 'legal grounds', 'European regulators', 'European-based fund', ""manual' processing"", 'Alexander Smith', 'Kirsten Donovan', 'Russia-Ukraine crisis', 'Alexey Mordashov', 'DELAYS POSSIBLE', '2024 bond', 'Reuters', 'clock', 'Wednesday', 'country', 'number', 'end', 'creditors', 'source', 'money', 'Citibank', 'people', 'deadline', 'issues', 'application', 'Event', 'countersanctions', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'NSD', 'group', 'banks', 'part', 'trades', 'result', 'Story', 'requests', 'comment', 'Investors', 'right', 'laws', 'Gazprom', 'problems', 'NLMK', 'Eurochem', 'firms', 'Tuesday', 'foreigners', 'fact', 'transactions', 'clarifications', 'curbs', 'The', 'Monday', 'statement', 'orders', 'need', 'Editing']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1276,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nanoform-successfully-completes-share-issue-220000916.html,Nanoform successfully completes new share issue raising EUR 25 million to prepare for GMP manufacturing in the USA,Nanoform successfully completes new share issue raising EUR 25 million to prepare for GMP manufacturing in the USA,"HELSINKI  Finland  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ --Inside informationNanoform Finland PlcMarch 22  202223:45 Finnish time / 22:45 Swedish timeNanoform successfully completes new share issue raising EUR 25 million to prepare for GMP manufacturing in the USANOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  NEW ZEALAND  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN  HONG KONG  SINGAPORE OR SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.With reference to the new share issue announced on March 22  2022  Nanoform Finland Plc (""Nanoform"" or the ""Company"") is pleased to announce the result of the offering of new shares (the ""Shares"") in an accelerated book building to Nordic and international institutional and other qualified investors (the ""Placing"").Nanoform expects to receive gross proceeds of approximately EUR 25 million as a result of the Placing. The Placing attracted a considerable number of global and Nordic institutional investors. The proceeds from the Placing will be used to accelerate Nanoform's growth strategy with an investment in a new manufacturing site in the United States. The new manufacturing site in the USA  the world's largest pharmaceutical market  is a natural next step for Nanoform  which increases proximity to existing and new customers.In the Placing  the Company will issue a total of 5 581 818 Shares in a directed share issue. The Shares represent approximately 7.7 per cent of the issued shares in Nanoform prior to the Placing and approximately 7.1 per cent of the issued shares in Nanoform following the Placing. The total number of issued shares in the Company after the Placing will be 78 116 964.The subscription price of the Shares is EUR 4.4 per Share (SEK 45.68 per Share)  corresponding to a discount of approximately 8.3 per cent to the closing price on March 22  2022 immediately before the commencement of the Placing. The subscription price shall be recorded in the invested unrestricted equity reserve.Story continuesThe Placing was carried out based on offers received in an accelerated book building and based on the authorisations given to the board of directors by the Company's annual general meeting of April 6  2021.Subject to the completion of the Placing  the Shares (ISIN code FI4000330972) will be registered with the trade register maintained by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office on or about March 23  2022. The Shares are expected to be ready for delivery to the investors against payment through Euroclear Finland Ltd or  as applicable  through Euroclear Sweden AB on or about March 25  2022. Trading in the Shares is expected to commence on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market Finland and Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market Sweden on or about March 25  2022.The Company continues to be committed to the strong execution of its communicated strategy. The Company reached all its near-term targets for 2021 and is on track to deliver both on its near-term business targets for 2022 and its in June 2021 raised mid-term business targets for 2025. The funding from the Company's IPO in 2020 and the directed share issue in March 2021 is still deemed sufficient for the growth strategy then communicated.The CEO of Nanoform  Prof. Edward Hæggström comments: ""We are pleased to see strong demand from new and existing global and Nordic institutional investors. With the raised funds we will accelerate Nanoform's growth strategy with an investment in the US GMP manufacturing  a milestone we have prepared diligently.""Danske Bank and SEB act as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Financial Advisors of the Placing. Borenius Attorneys Ltd is the legal counsel to the Company and to the Joint Bookrunners and Joint Financial Advisors as to Finnish law.Nanoform Finland PlcBoard of directorsThe information in the company release is information that Nanoform is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was sent for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out above  on March 22  2022 at 23:45 Finnish time / 22:45 Swedish time.For further information  please contact:Albert Hæggström  CFOalbert.haeggstrom@nanoform.com / +358 29 370 0150For investor relations queries  please contact:Henri von Haartman  Director of Investor Relationshvh@nanoform.com / +46 7686 650 11About NanoformNanoform is an innovative nanoparticle medicine enabling company. Nanoform works together with pharma and biotech partners globally to provide hope for patients in developing new and improved medicines utilizing Nanoform's platform technologies. The Company focuses on reducing clinical attrition and on enhancing drug molecules' performance through its nanoforming technologies and formulation services. Nanoform's capabilities include GMP manufacturing  and its services span the small to large molecule development space with a focus on solving key issues in drug solubility and bioavailability and on enabling novel drug delivery applications.Nanoform's shares are listed on the Premier-segment of Nasdaq First North Growth Market in Helsinki (ticker: NANOFH) and Stockholm (ticker: NANOFS). Certified Adviser: Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch  +358 40 562 1806. For more information please visit http://www.nanoform.comForward-Looking StatementsThis company release contains forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  statements regarding Nanoform's strategy  business plans and focus. The words may "" ""will "" ""could "" ""would "" ""should "" ""expect "" ""plan "" ""anticipate "" ""intend "" believe "" ""estimate "" ""predict "" ""project "" ""potential "" ""continue "" ""target"" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any forward-looking statements in this company release are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and important factors that may cause actual events or results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements contained in this company release  including  without limitation  any related to Nanoform's business  operations  clinical trials  supply chain  strategy  goals and anticipated timelines and competition from other companies. Nanoform cautions you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date they are made. Nanoform disclaims any obligation to publicly update or revise any such statements to reflect any change in expectations or in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statements may be based  or that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in this company release represent Nanoform's views only as of the date hereof and should not be relied upon as representing its views as of any subsequent date.Important noticeThe distribution of this release may be restricted by law and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The information contained herein is not for publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States  Canada  New Zealand  Australia  Japan  Hong Kong  Singapore or South Africa or in or into any other jurisdiction in which publishing or distributing would be prohibited by applicable law. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. This release is not directed to  and is not intended for distribution to or use by  any person or entity that is a citizen or resident or located in any locality  state  country or other jurisdiction where such distribution  publication  availability or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would require any registration or licensing within such jurisdiction.This announcement and this offering are only addressed to and directed at persons in member states of the European Economic Area (each a ""Relevant State"") who are ""Qualified Investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. The securities are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  Qualified Investors. This announcement should not be acted upon or relied upon in any Relevant State by persons who are not Qualified Investors. For the purposes of this announcement the expression ""Prospectus Regulation"" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.This announcement does not constitute an offer of the securities to the public in the United Kingdom. No prospectus has been or will be approved in the United Kingdom in respect of the securities. This announcement is only being distributed to and is only directed at persons outside the United Kingdom  or persons in the United Kingdom who are ""Qualified Investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the ""EUWA"") who are (i) investment professionals within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the ""Order"") or (ii) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom this announcement may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""Relevant Persons""). This announcement must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this announcement relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.This release does not constitute an offer for sale of securities in the United States. The shares may not be offered or sold within the United States absent of registration or an exemption under the U.S. Securities Act 1933 (as amended). The Company has not registered and it does not intend to register  any portion of the offering in the United States  and it does not intend to conduct a public offering in the United States.Danske Bank and SEB act only for and on behalf of Nanoform Finland Plc in connection of the share issue. Danske Bank and SEB do not hold any other party as its client or cannot be held accountable to advise other parties than Nanoform Finland Plc with regards to the share issue or other matters referred here to.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/nanoform/r/nanoform-successfully-completes-new-share-issue-raising-eur-25-million-to-prepare-for-gmp-manufactur c3530331The following files are available for download:CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nanoform-successfully-completes-new-share-issue-raising-eur-25-million-to-prepare-for-gmp-manufacturing-in-the-usa-301508416.htmlSOURCE Nanoform",neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,mixed,0.38,0.22,0.4,True,English,"['new share issue', 'GMP manufacturing', 'Nanoform', 'USA', 'Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market Sweden', 'Prof. Edward Hæggström', 'innovative nanoparticle medicine enabling company', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Albert Hæggström', 'large molecule development space', 'novel drug delivery applications', 'largest pharmaceutical market', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'natural next step', 'unrestricted equity reserve', 'annual general meeting', 'Borenius Attorneys Ltd', 'investor relations queries', 'Henri von Haartman', 'Investor Relations hvh', ""drug molecules' performance"", 'mid-term business targets', 'Joint Financial Advisors', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'near-term business targets', 'accelerated book building', 'other qualified investors', 'US GMP manufacturing', 'new manufacturing site', 'Nordic institutional investors', 'new share issue', 'Nanoform Finland Plc', 'growth strategy', 'near-term targets', 'CFO albert', 'drug solubility', 'international institutional', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'new customers', '45 Finnish time', '22:45 Swedish time', 'UNITED STATES', 'HONG KONG', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'considerable number', '7.7 per cent', '7.1 per cent', 'subscription price', '8.3 per cent', 'closing price', 'ISIN code', 'trade register', 'Finnish Patent', 'Registration Office', 'strong execution', 'strong demand', 'Danske Bank', 'legal counsel', 'Finnish law', 'contact persons', 'biotech partners', 'improved medicines', 'platform technologies', 'clinical attrition', 'nanoforming technologies', 'small to', 'key issues', 'The Company', 'gross proceeds', 'total number', 'formulation services', 'new shares', 'company release', 'The Shares', 'existing global', 'The Placing', '5,581,818 Shares', 'HELSINKI', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'information', 'USA', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'SINGAPORE', 'reference', 'result', 'offering', 'investment', 'world', 'proximity', 'SEK', 'discount', 'commencement', 'Story', 'offers', 'authorisations', 'board', 'directors', 'April', 'completion', 'payment', 'Trading', 'track', 'June', 'funding', 'IPO', 'CEO', 'funds', 'milestone', 'SEB', 'agency', 'haeggstrom', 'hope', 'patients', 'capabilities', 'focus', 'bioavailability']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1277,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/decisions-made-eq-plcs-annual-113000287.html,Decisions made by eQ Plc's Annual General Meeting,eQ Plc Stock Exchange Release 23 March 2022  at 1.30 p.m. The Annual General Meeting of shareholders of eQ Plc (“AGM”) was held today 23 March 2022 in...,eQ OyjeQ Plc Stock Exchange Release23 March 2022  at 1.30 p.m.The Annual General Meeting of shareholders of eQ Plc (“AGM”) was held today 23 March 2022 in Helsinki. In order to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic  the Annual General Meeting was held without shareholders’ and their proxy representatives’ presence at the venue of the meeting. Shareholders of the company and their proxy representatives were able to participate in the meeting and exercise shareholder rights through voting in advance as well as by making counterproposals and presenting questions in advance.A total of 79 shareholders representing 24 994 537 shares and votes were represented at the meeting. The meeting thus represented 63% of the shares and votes of the company. The AGM supported all the proposals made to the Annual General Meeting.eQ Plc’s Annual General Meeting decided upon the following:Confirmation of the financial statementseQ Plc’s AGM confirmed the financial statement of the company  which included the group financial statements  the report by the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the financial year 2021.Decision in respect of the result shown on the balance sheet and distribution of the assets from the invested unrestricted equity fundThe AGM confirmed the proposal by the Board of Directors that a dividend of 0.97 euros per share and a return of capital of 0.03 euros per share be paid from the invested unrestricted equity fund. The dividend and return of capital shall be paid to shareholders who on the record date for the payment  25 March 2022  are recorded in the shareholders register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The dividend and return of capital shall be paid on 1 April 2022.Discharge from liability to the Board of Directors and Managing DirectorThe AGM decided to grant discharge from liability to the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Annual General Meeting decided to adopt the Remuneration Report for the governing bodies.Story continuesThe number of Board members  appointment of Board members and the remuneration of the members of the BoardAccording to the decision of the AGM  six Board members  being Nicolas Berner  Georg Ehrnrooth  Timo Kokkila  Lotta Kopra  Janne Larma and Tomas von Rettig were re-elected as members to the Board of Directors. The term of office of the Board members ends at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. The AGM decided that the members of the Board would receive remuneration as follows: the Chair of the Board will receive 5 000 euros per month  Vice Chair of the Board of Directors will receive 4 000 euros and the Board members will receive 3 000 euros per month. In addition  a compensation of 500 euros per meeting will be paid for all the Board members for each attended Board meeting and travel and lodging costs will be compensated in accordance with the company’s expense policy. The Board appointed Janne Larma as Chair of the Board and Georg Ehrnrooth as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors in its meeting held immediately after the AGM.Auditors and auditors’ compensationThe AGM decided to elect Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab as auditor of the company. The auditor with main responsibility  named by KPMG Oy Ab is Tuomas Ilveskoski  APA. It was decided to compensate the auditor according to the auditor's invoice approved by the eQ Plc.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe AGM authorised the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue or share issues and/or the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  comprising a maximum total of 3 500 000 new shares. The amount of the authorisation corresponds to approximately 8.83 per cent of all shares in the Company.The authorisation is to be used in order to finance or carry out potential acquisitions or other business transactions  to strengthen the balance sheet and the financial position of the Company  to fulfill Company’s incentive schemes or to any other purposes decided by the Board. Based on the authorization  the Board decides on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  including the recipients of the shares or the special rights entitling to shares and the amount of the consideration to be paid. Therefore  based on the authorisation  shares or special rights entitling to shares may also be issued directed i.e. in deviation of the shareholders pre-emptive rights as described in the Companies Act. A share issue may also be executed without payment in accordance with the preconditions set out in the Companies Act.The authorisation cancels all previous authorisations to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares and is effective until the next Annual General Meeting  however no more than 18 months.Helsinki  23 March 2022eQ PlcBoard of DirectorsAdditional information: Juha Surve  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 9 6817 8733Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki  www.eQ.fieQ Group is a Finnish group of companies specialising in asset management and corporate finance business. eQ Asset Management offers a wide range of asset management services (including private equity funds and real estate asset management) for institutions and individuals. The assets managed by the Group total approximately EUR 11.6 billion. Advium Corporate Finance  which is part of the Group  offers services related to mergers and acquisitions  real estate transactions and equity capital markets.More information about the Group is available on our website at www.eQ.fi.,neutral,0.05,0.85,0.11,mixed,0.16,0.25,0.59,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'eQ Plc', 'Decisions', 'eQ Oyj eQ Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Tomas von Rettig', 'Authorised Public Accountants', 'other business transactions', 'proxy representatives’ presence', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'group financial statements', 'shareholders pre-emptive rights', 'six Board members', 'other purposes', 'other matters', 'financial year', 'financial position', 'shareholder rights', 'special rights', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'Managing Director', 'governing bodies', 'Nicolas Berner', 'Georg Ehrnrooth', 'Timo Kokkila', 'Lotta Kopra', 'Janne Larma', 'lodging costs', 'expense policy', 'main responsibility', 'Tuomas Ilveskoski', 'Chapter 10 Section', 'Companies Act', '8.83 per cent', 'potential acquisitions', 'incentive schemes', 'previous authorisations', 'The AGM', 'Board meeting', 'share issue', 'shareholders register', 'Vice Chair', 'maximum total', '3,500,000 new shares', 'Remuneration Report', 'auditors’ compensation', '79 shareholders', '24 994 537 shares', '23 March', 'Helsinki', 'order', 'spread', 'venue', 'company', 'advance', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'votes', 'Confirmation', 'Directors', 'Decision', 'respect', 'result', 'distribution', 'assets', 'dividend', '0.97 euros', 'return', 'capital', '0.03 euros', 'payment', '1 April', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'Story', 'number', 'appointment', 'term', 'office', 'close', '5,000 euros', 'month', '4,000 euros', '3,000 euros', 'addition', '500 euros', 'travel', 'accordance', 'APA', 'invoice', 'issuance', 'amount', 'authorization', 'recipients', 'consideration', 'deviation', 'preconditions', '1.30']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1278,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/sanctions-delay-payments-to-russian-corporate-eurobond-holders-944658,Steel giant Severstal scrambles to avoid first major default of Russia-Ukraine crisis,(Reuters) -   Russian holders of domestic corporate Eurobonds face delays in receiving payments settled through international agents  as transactions get snarled up by sanctions  Russia&#039;s National Settlement Depository (NSD)  companies and analysts said.,A source close to the steel firm said the money had been transferred last week but was yet to be processed and passed on by its paying agent Citibank.“This will technically be the first default since the crisis began to unfold ” Seaport Global credit analyst Himanshu Porwal said.“But people will know it is driven by the way the sanctions have been formulated  rather than the company’s fault ” adding Severstal might find a way to make the payment in the coming days  especially if Mordashov were to cut or relinquish his large stake in the firm  which itself is not sanctioned.With Wednesday’s deadline fast approaching Severstal said it had been in constant discussions about the issues  and that it was looking at an application for special “licences” that may be required to make the payment.The legal terms of the bonds state an “Event of Default” can be formally declared five working days after the March 16 coupon due date.The latest Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that transferring payments on Russian government and corporate bonds has become complex.Previously payments like Severstal’s would have been processed by international clearing houses such as Clearstream or Euroclear  which confirm asset ownership  and also funnel payments for domestic bondholders to Russia’s National Settlement Depository (NSD).However both Euroclear  owned by a group of global exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  have said they will stop settling trades in Russian securities as a result of the EU’s sanctions.Neither Clearstream  Euroclear nor Citigroup responded to requests for comment.DELAYS POSSIBLEA Severstal default would be the first by a major Russian company since Moscow was blanketed by sanctions for what it calls its “special military operation” in Ukraine  but it may not be alone.Russian companies need to make $18.5 billion of international bond payments by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  while Moscow needs to pay another $3.4 billion on its foreign currency sovereign bonds.Investors would have the right to take legal action to reclaim unpaid amounts  most likely in the United Kingdom or the United States – under whose laws most international market bonds are issued.Payments due in coming days include from Gazprom  which made a payment without problems earlier this month  Russian Railways on March 25 and Polyus Gold on March 28  the same day as Russia’s next international sovereign bond payment falls due.It’s not just international bondholders who are affected. Severstal  Russia’s top steelmaker NLMK  state-owned Russian Railways and fertiliser producer Eurochem are all struggling to get payments to Russian bondholders  the firms themselves and ITI Capital say.NLMK said on Tuesday it had paid a coupon on a 2024 bond but while foreigners had started to receive their money  Russian holders hadn’t.“This is due to the fact that… Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia’s NSD ” NLMK said. “We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents.”NSD confirmed it was receiving payments from Euroclear  but said it will not process these until Euroclear gets clarifications from European regulators.“After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed…as usual ” it said.The daily Kommersant newspaper  citing a source at a large brokerage firm  said some Russian holders of Moscow’s sovereign bonds also hadn’t received payments. A source at a European-based fund told Reuters it too had not received a sovereign bond payment due on Monday.The Russian finance ministry  Russian Railways and Eurochem did not reply to requests for comment.“Delays are possible for payments cleared via international depositories ” NSD added in a statement to Reuters.“This could be linked to ‘manual’ processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators”.(Reporting by Reuters; Editing by Alexander Smith  Kirsten Donovan),negative,0.02,0.2,0.78,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['Steel giant Severstal', 'first major default', 'Russia-Ukraine crisis', 'next international sovereign bond payment', 'Seaport Global credit analyst', 'foreign currency sovereign bonds', 'most international market bonds', 'March 16 coupon due date', 'international clearing houses', 'National Settlement Depository', 'daily Kommersant newspaper', 'Russian finance ministry', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'state-owned Russian Railways', 'latest Western sanctions', 'large brokerage firm', 'international bond payments', 'major Russian company', 'international bondholders', 'international depositories', 'global exchanges', 'corporate bonds', 'large stake', 'Russian government', 'Russian securities', 'Russian companies', 'Russian bondholders', 'Russian holders', 'Russian residents', 'steel firm', 'paying agent', 'Himanshu Porwal', 'coming days', 'constant discussions', 'special “licences', 'legal terms', 'asset ownership', 'domestic bondholders', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'legal action', 'unpaid amounts', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Polyus Gold', 'top steelmaker', 'fertiliser producer', 'legal grounds', 'European regulators', 'European-based fund', 'manual’ processing', 'Alexander Smith', 'Kirsten Donovan', 'first default', 'DELAYS POSSIBLE', '2024 bond', 'Severstal default', 'source', 'money', 'Citibank', 'crisis', 'people', 'Mordashov', 'Wednesday', 'deadline', 'issues', 'application', 'Event', 'countersanctions', 'Moscow', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'NSD', 'group', 'banks', 'part', 'trades', 'result', 'requests', 'comment', 'Ukraine', 'year-end', 'Investors', 'right', 'laws', 'Gazprom', 'problems', 'NLMK', 'Eurochem', 'firms', 'Tuesday', 'foreigners', 'fact', 'transactions', 'clarifications', 'curbs', 'The', 'Reuters', 'Monday', 'statement', 'orders', 'need', 'Editing']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,fxempire.com
1279,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.business-standard.com/article/international/russia-warns-of-possible-payment-delays-for-domestic-eurobond-holders-122032300698_1.html,Russia warns of possible payment delays for domestic Eurobond holders,Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) said that Russian holders of domestic corporate Eurobonds may see delays in receiving payments,"Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) said on Wednesday that Russian holders of domestic corporate Eurobonds may see delays in receiving payments settled through agents  as transactions get snarled up by sanctions.""Delays are possible for payments cleared via depositories. This could be linked to 'manual' processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators "" NSD said in a statement to Reuters.Russian sovereign and corporate Eurobond payments were previously processed by clearing and settlement firms such as Clearstream and Euroclear  which process payments and confirm ownership of assets before sending cash to Western bondholders and then to NSD for domestic holders.However  Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that the payment process on hard currency bonds issued by or Russian companies has become much more complicated  with some payments delayed or getting stuck in transit.Euroclear  owned by exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  both said they would stop settling trades in Russian securities in response to European Union financial sanctions after Russia's invasion of Ukraine last month.Clearstream and Euroclear did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Russian companies are due to pay $18.5 billion in external debt  including coupon payments  by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  and the Russian ministry is due to pay another $3.4 billion in sovereign Eurobonds.In a separate statement  NSD said that it is receiving Eurobond payments from Euroclear but will not process these until Euroclear gets clarifications from European regulators.NSD said it is not getting payments from Clearstream.""After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed... as usual "" NSD said.Dmitry Lesnov  head of the customer service department at Finam  said that his company is not receiving payments made via Euroclear or Clearstream.""We do not receive payments on foreign securities made via Euroclear  NSD receives them but does not yet process (them)  (we are) awaiting further clarifications "" he said.(Reporting by Reuters; Editing by Alexander Smith)(This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)",negative,0.03,0.39,0.59,negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['possible payment delays', 'domestic Eurobond holders', 'Russia', 'European Union financial sanctions', 'hard currency bonds', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'customer service department', 'Business Standard staff', 'National Settlement Depository', 'domestic corporate Eurobonds', 'corporate Eurobond payments', 'European regulators', 'settlement firms', 'domestic holders', 'sovereign Eurobonds', 'Western sanctions', 'Russian holders', ""manual' processing"", 'Russian companies', 'Russian sovereign', 'Western bondholders', 'payment process', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Russian securities', 'external debt', 'Russian ministry', 'Dmitry Lesnov', 'foreign securities', 'Alexander Smith', 'syndicated feed', 'separate statement', 'coupon payments', 'NSD', 'Wednesday', 'delays', 'agents', 'transactions', 'depositories', 'orders', 'need', 'clarifications', 'Reuters', 'clearing', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ownership', 'assets', 'cash', 'countersanctions', 'Moscow', 'transit', 'exchanges', 'banks', 'trades', 'response', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'request', 'comment', 'year-end', 'curbs', 'head', 'Finam', 'company', 'Editing', 'story']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,business-standard.com
1280,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/decisions-taken-orion-corporation-annual-133000210.html,Decisions taken by Orion Corporation’s Annual General Meeting on 23 March 2022,ORION CORPORATION STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE / DECISIONS OF GENERAL MEETING23 MARCH 2022 at 15.30 EET Decisions taken by Orion Corporation’s Annual General...,Orion OyjORION CORPORATIONSTOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE / DECISIONS OF GENERAL MEETING23 MARCH 2022 at 15.30 EETDecisions taken by Orion Corporation’s Annual General Meeting on 23 March 2022At the Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation held today  the following decisions were made:A dividend of EUR 1.50 per share was confirmed to be paid. The record dat e for the dividend payment is 25 March 2 022 and the payment date is 1 April 2022 .The proposals concerning the election and remuneration of the Board of Directors and the auditor and the number of the members of the Board of Directors were approved.Kari Jussi Aho  Ari Lehtoranta  Veli-Matti Mattila   Hilpi Rautelin  Eija Ronkainen and Mikael Silvennoinen were re-elected to the Board of Directors. Maziar Mike Doustdar and Karen Lykke Sørensen were elected as new member s . Mikael Silvennoinen was re- elected as Chairman.The AGM approved the Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies for 2021 .The Board of Directors was authorised to decide on a share issue by issuing new shares .The Board of Directors was authorised to decide to acquire the Company’s own shares.The Board of Directors was authorised to decide on a share issue by conveying own shares.The Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation was held today on 23 March 2022 under special arrangements at Event Venue Eliel in Helsinki. In order to limit the spread of the Covid-19 pandemic  the Annual General Meeting was held without shareholders’ or their proxy representatives’ presence at the meeting venue.The following matters were handled at the meeting:Adoption of the Financial Statements for 1 January - 31 December 2021The AGM confirmed the Financial Statements of the parent company and the Group as per 31 December 2021.Dividend EUR 1.50 per shareThe AGM resolved  in accordance with the proposal by the Board of Directors  that a dividend of EUR 1.50 per share will be paid on the basis of the Balance Sheet confirmed for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2021. The record date for the dividend payment is 25 March 2022 and the payment date is 1 April 2022.Story continuesDischarge from liabilityThe members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO were discharged from liability for the financial period of 1 January - 31 December 2021.Remuneration ReportThe AGM approved the Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies for 2021. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act.Remunerations to be paid to the Board of DirectorsThe AGM decided that the following remunerations will be paid to the Board of Directors:As an annual fee  the Chairman shall receive EUR 90 000  the Vice Chairman shall receive EUR 55 000 and the other members shall receive EUR 45 000 each. However  if a member of the Board acts as the Chairman of the Audit Committee or the R&D Committee  her/his annual fee shall be EUR 55 000. As a fee for each meeting attended  the Chairman shall receive EUR 1 200  the Vice Chairman shall receive EUR 900 and the other members shall receive EUR 600 each. The travel expenses of the Board members shall be paid in accordance with the previously adopted practice. The aforementioned meeting attendance fees shall also be paid to the Chairmen and to the members of the committees established by the Board. The meeting attendance fees of Board members permanently resident outside Finland shall be doubled if the meeting is held outside the country of residence of such a member and the person attended the meeting at the place of the meeting.Of the annual fee  60% shall be paid in cash and 40% in Orion Corporation B-shares  which shall be acquired for the members over the period 29 April - 5 May 2022 from the stock exchange in amounts corresponding to EUR 36 000 for the Chairman  EUR 22 000 for the Vice Chairman and for the Board members acting as the Chairmen of the Audit Committee and the R&D Committee and EUR 18 000 for each of the other members. The part of the annual fee that is to be paid in cash corresponds to the approximate sum necessary for the payment of the income taxes on the fees and shall be paid no later than 31 May 2022. The annual fees shall encompass the full term of office of the Board of Directors.In addition  the AGM decided that the Company shall pay the transfer tax related to the part of the annual fee of the Board of Directors paid in shares. Potential statutory social security and pension costs incurring to Board members having permanent residence outside Finland shall be borne by Orion Corporation as required by the applicable national legislation.Board members are required to retain ownership of the Orion Corporation B shares paid as fees for a period of two years from the date of payment of the fees. However  if the person's membership of the Board of Directors of the Company were to end before the expiry of the restriction on transfer  the restriction on transfer shall expire at the end of the membership of the Board of Directors.Composition of the Board of DirectorsThe number of members of the Board of Directors was confirmed to be eight. Kari Jussi Aho  Ari Lehtoranta  Veli-Matti Mattila  Hilpi Rautelin  Eija Ronkainen and Mikael Silvennoinen were re-elected as members to the Board of Directors for the next term of office. Maziar Mike Doustdar and Karen Lykke Sørensen were elected as new members. Mikael Silvennoinen was re-elected as Chairman.Auditor and their remunerationAuthorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab were elected as the Company's auditor. The remunerations to the Auditor shall be paid on the basis of invoicing approved by the Company.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue by issuing new sharesThe Board of Directors was authorised by the AGM to decide on a share issue by issuing new shares on the following terms and conditions:Number of new shares to be issuedOn the basis of the authorisation  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to decide on the issuance of no more than 14 000 000 new Class B shares. The maximum number of shares to be issued corresponds to less than 10% of all shares in the Company and less than 2% of all votes in the Company.The new shares may be issued only against payment.Shareholder’s pre-emptive rights and directed share issueNew shares may be issuedin a targeted issue to the Company’s shareholders in proportion to their holdings at the time of the issue regardless of whether they own Class A or B shares; orin a targeted issue  deviating from the shareholder’s pre-emptive rights  if there is a weighty financial reason  such as the development of the capital structure of the Company  using the shares as consideration in possible corporate acquisitions or other arrangements related to the Company’s business or financing investments. The authorisation may not be used as a part of the Company’s incentive system.The new shares may not be issued to the Company itself.Subscription price in the Balance SheetThe amounts paid for new shares issued shall be recorded in the reserve for invested unrestricted equity.Other terms and validityThe Board of Directors shall decide on other matters related to the issuance of shares.The share issue authorisation concerning issuance of new shares shall be valid until the next Annual General Meeting of the Company.This authorisation does not cancel the share issue authorisation given by the Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation on 26 March 2019 concerning the conveyance of the Company’s own shares held by the Company.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide to acquire the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors was authorised by the AGM to decide on the acquisition of the Company’s own shares on the following terms and conditions:Maximum number of shares to be acquiredOn the basis of the authorisation  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to decide on the acquisition of no more than 500 000 Class B shares of the Company.Consideration to be paid for the sharesThe own shares shall be acquired at market price at the time of the acquisition quoted in trading on the regulated market organised by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (“Stock Exchange”)  using funds in the Company’s unrestricted equity.Targeted acquisitionThe own shares shall be acquired otherwise than in proportion corresponding to the shareholders’ holdings in trading on the regulated market organised by the Stock Exchange. The shares shall be acquired and paid for in accordance with the rules of the Stock Exchange and Euroclear Finland Ltd.Retaining  invalidation and conveyance of the sharesThe own shares acquired by the Company can be retained  invalidated  or conveyed by the Company.The shares can be acquired for using them as part of the Company’s incentive system  or otherwise conveying or invalidating them.Other terms and validityThe Board of Directors shall decide on other matters related to the acquisition of own shares.The authorisation to acquire own shares shall be valid for 18 months from the decision of the Annual General Meeting.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue by conveying own sharesThe Board of Directors was authorised by the AGM to decide on a share issue by conveying the Company’s own shares held by the Company on the following terms and conditions:Maximum number of shares to be conveyedOn the basis of the authorisation  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to decide on the conveyance of no more than 1 000 000 own Class B shares held by the Company. The maximum number of own shares held by the Company to be conveyed represents approximately 0.7% of all shares in the Company and approximately 0.12% of all the votes in the Company.Conveyance against and without paymentThe own shares held by the Company can be conveyed either against or without payment.Shareholder’s pre-emptive rights and targeted issueThe own shares held by the Company may be conveyedby selling them in trading on the regulated market organised by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd;in a targeted issue to the Company’s shareholders in proportion to their holdings at the time of the conveyance regardless of whether they own Class A or B shares; orin a targeted issue  deviating from the shareholder’s pre-emptive rights  if there is a weighty financial reason  such as using the shares as part of the Company’s incentive system. The targeted share issue can be without payment only if there is an especially weighty financial reason in view of the Company and the interests of all its shareholders.Subscription price in the Balance SheetThe amounts paid for own shares conveyed shall be recorded in the reserve for invested unrestricted equity.Other terms and validityThe Board of Directors shall decide on other matters related to the conveyance of own shares.The authorisation to convey own shares shall be valid for five years from the decision of the Annual General Meeting.This decision cancels the corresponding share issue authorisation concerning conveyance of own shares given by the Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation on 26 March 2019 to the extent the authorisation has not yet been exercised. This decision does not cancel the authorisation to the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue by issuing new shares set out in item 16 of this Annual General Meeting.The minutes of the AGM will be provided in Finnish only  and they will become available on Orion's website  http://www.orion.fi/en/agm2022  no later than 6 April 2022.Orion CorporationTimo LappalainenPresident and CEO Olli HuotariSVP  Corporate FunctionsContact person:Olli Huotari  Senior Vice President  Corporate FunctionsPhone +358 50 966 3054Publisher:Orion CorporationCommunicationsOrionintie 1A  FI-02200 Espoo  Finlandhttp://www.orion.fi/enhttp://www.twitter.com/OrionCorpIROrion is a globally operating Finnish pharmaceutical company – a builder of well-being. Orion develops  manufactures and markets human and veterinary pharmaceuticals and active pharmaceutical ingredients. The company is continuously developing new drugs and treatment methods. The core therapy areas of Orion's pharmaceutical R&D are neurological disorders  oncology and respiratory diseases for which Orion develops inhaled pulmonary medication. Orion's net sales in 2021 amounted to EUR 1 041 million and the company had about 3 350 employees at the end of the year. Orion's A and B shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.05,mixed,0.21,0.28,0.51,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Orion Corporation', 'Decisions', '23 March', 'Karen Lykke Sørensen', 'Potential statutory social security', 'Orion Corporation B shares', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Kari Jussi Aho', 'Maziar Mike Doustdar', 'proxy representatives’ presence', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'applicable national legislation', 'Event Venue Eliel', 'R&D Committee', 'STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Orion Corporation B-shares', 'meeting attendance fees', 'meeting venue', 'Audit Committee', 'Orion Oyj', 'annual fee', 'record dat', 'Ari Lehtoranta', 'Veli-Matti Mattila', 'Hilpi Rautelin', 'Eija Ronkainen', 'Mikael Silvennoinen', 'The AGM', 'governing bodies', 'special arrangements', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'following matters', 'Financial Statements', 'Balance Sheet', 'financial year', 'travel expenses', 'approximate sum', 'income taxes', 'full term', 'pension costs', 'two years', 'new shares', 'Remuneration Report', 'other members', 'The Board', 'following remunerations', 'permanent residence', 'payment date', 'share issue', 'Vice Chairman', 'following decisions', 'new member', 'financial period', 'transfer tax', 'parent company', 'dividend payment', 'Board members', '23 MARCH', '15.30 EET', 'EUR', '1 April', 'proposals', 'election', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'number', 'Helsinki', 'order', 'spread', 'Adoption', '1 January', '31 December', 'Group', 'accordance', 'basis', '25 March', 'Story', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'President', 'CEO', 'resolution', 'practice', 'Chairmen', 'committees', 'Finland', 'country', 'person', 'place', 'cash', '29 April', '5 May', 'amounts', 'part', '31 May', 'office', 'addition', 'ownership', 'membership', 'expiry', 'restriction', 'Composition']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1281,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nanoform-successfully-completes-new-share-issue-raising-eur-25-million-to-prepare-for-gmp-manufacturing-in-the-usa-301508416.html,Nanoform successfully completes new share issue raising EUR 25 million to prepare for GMP manufacturing in the USA,HELSINKI  Finland  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Inside information Nanoform Finland Plc March 22  2022 23:45 Finnish time / 22:45 Swedish time Nanoform successfully completes new share issue raising EUR 25 million to prepare for GMP manufacturing in the USA…,"HELSINKI  Finland  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ --Inside informationNanoform Finland PlcMarch 22  202223:45 Finnish time / 22:45 Swedish timeNanoform successfully completes new share issue raising EUR 25 million to prepare for GMP manufacturing in the USANOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  NEW ZEALAND  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN  HONG KONG  SINGAPORE OR SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.With reference to the new share issue announced on March 22  2022  Nanoform Finland Plc (""Nanoform"" or the ""Company"") is pleased to announce the result of the offering of new shares (the ""Shares"") in an accelerated book building to Nordic and international institutional and other qualified investors (the ""Placing"").Nanoform expects to receive gross proceeds of approximately EUR 25 million as a result of the Placing. The Placing attracted a considerable number of global and Nordic institutional investors. The proceeds from the Placing will be used to accelerate Nanoform's growth strategy with an investment in a new manufacturing site in the United States. The new manufacturing site in the USA  the world's largest pharmaceutical market  is a natural next step for Nanoform  which increases proximity to existing and new customers.In the Placing  the Company will issue a total of 5 581 818 Shares in a directed share issue. The Shares represent approximately 7.7 per cent of the issued shares in Nanoform prior to the Placing and approximately 7.1 per cent of the issued shares in Nanoform following the Placing. The total number of issued shares in the Company after the Placing will be 78 116 964.The subscription price of the Shares is EUR 4.4 per Share (SEK 45.68 per Share)  corresponding to a discount of approximately 8.3 per cent to the closing price on March 22  2022 immediately before the commencement of the Placing. The subscription price shall be recorded in the invested unrestricted equity reserve.The Placing was carried out based on offers received in an accelerated book building and based on the authorisations given to the board of directors by the Company's annual general meeting of April 6  2021.Subject to the completion of the Placing  the Shares (ISIN code FI4000330972) will be registered with the trade register maintained by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office on or about March 23  2022. The Shares are expected to be ready for delivery to the investors against payment through Euroclear Finland Ltd or  as applicable  through Euroclear Sweden AB on or about March 25  2022. Trading in the Shares is expected to commence on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market Finland and Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market Sweden on or about March 25  2022.The Company continues to be committed to the strong execution of its communicated strategy. The Company reached all its near-term targets for 2021 and is on track to deliver both on its near-term business targets for 2022 and its in June 2021 raised mid-term business targets for 2025. The funding from the Company's IPO in 2020 and the directed share issue in March 2021 is still deemed sufficient for the growth strategy then communicated.The CEO of Nanoform  Prof. Edward Hæggström comments: ""We are pleased to see strong demand from new and existing global and Nordic institutional investors. With the raised funds we will accelerate Nanoform's growth strategy with an investment in the US GMP manufacturing  a milestone we have prepared diligently.""Danske Bank and SEB act as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Financial Advisors of the Placing. Borenius Attorneys Ltd is the legal counsel to the Company and to the Joint Bookrunners and Joint Financial Advisors as to Finnish law.Nanoform Finland PlcBoard of directorsThe information in the company release is information that Nanoform is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was sent for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out above  on March 22  2022 at 23:45 Finnish time / 22:45 Swedish time.For further information  please contact:Albert Hæggström  CFO[email protected] / +358 29 370 0150For investor relations queries  please contact:Henri von Haartman  Director of Investor Relations[email protected] / +46 7686 650 11About NanoformNanoform is an innovative nanoparticle medicine enabling company. Nanoform works together with pharma and biotech partners globally to provide hope for patients in developing new and improved medicines utilizing Nanoform's platform technologies. The Company focuses on reducing clinical attrition and on enhancing drug molecules' performance through its nanoforming technologies and formulation services. Nanoform's capabilities include GMP manufacturing  and its services span the small to large molecule development space with a focus on solving key issues in drug solubility and bioavailability and on enabling novel drug delivery applications.Nanoform's shares are listed on the Premier-segment of Nasdaq First North Growth Market in Helsinki (ticker: NANOFH) and Stockholm (ticker: NANOFS). Certified Adviser: Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch  +358 40 562 1806. For more information please visit http://www.nanoform.comForward-Looking StatementsThis company release contains forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  statements regarding Nanoform's strategy  business plans and focus. The words may "" ""will "" ""could "" ""would "" ""should "" ""expect "" ""plan "" ""anticipate "" ""intend "" believe "" ""estimate "" ""predict "" ""project "" ""potential "" ""continue "" ""target"" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any forward-looking statements in this company release are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and important factors that may cause actual events or results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements contained in this company release  including  without limitation  any related to Nanoform's business  operations  clinical trials  supply chain  strategy  goals and anticipated timelines and competition from other companies. Nanoform cautions you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date they are made. Nanoform disclaims any obligation to publicly update or revise any such statements to reflect any change in expectations or in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statements may be based  or that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in this company release represent Nanoform's views only as of the date hereof and should not be relied upon as representing its views as of any subsequent date.Important noticeThe distribution of this release may be restricted by law and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The information contained herein is not for publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States  Canada  New Zealand  Australia  Japan  Hong Kong  Singapore or South Africa or in or into any other jurisdiction in which publishing or distributing would be prohibited by applicable law. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. This release is not directed to  and is not intended for distribution to or use by  any person or entity that is a citizen or resident or located in any locality  state  country or other jurisdiction where such distribution  publication  availability or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would require any registration or licensing within such jurisdiction.This announcement and this offering are only addressed to and directed at persons in member states of the European Economic Area (each a ""Relevant State"") who are ""Qualified Investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. The securities are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  Qualified Investors. This announcement should not be acted upon or relied upon in any Relevant State by persons who are not Qualified Investors. For the purposes of this announcement the expression ""Prospectus Regulation"" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.This announcement does not constitute an offer of the securities to the public in the United Kingdom. No prospectus has been or will be approved in the United Kingdom in respect of the securities. This announcement is only being distributed to and is only directed at persons outside the United Kingdom  or persons in the United Kingdom who are ""Qualified Investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the ""EUWA"") who are (i) investment professionals within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the ""Order"") or (ii) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom this announcement may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""Relevant Persons""). This announcement must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this announcement relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.This release does not constitute an offer for sale of securities in the United States. The shares may not be offered or sold within the United States absent of registration or an exemption under the U.S. Securities Act 1933 (as amended). The Company has not registered and it does not intend to register  any portion of the offering in the United States  and it does not intend to conduct a public offering in the United States.Danske Bank and SEB act only for and on behalf of Nanoform Finland Plc in connection of the share issue. Danske Bank and SEB do not hold any other party as its client or cannot be held accountable to advise other parties than Nanoform Finland Plc with regards to the share issue or other matters referred here to.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/nanoform/r/nanoform-successfully-completes-new-share-issue-raising-eur-25-million-to-prepare-for-gmp-manufactur c3530331The following files are available for download:SOURCE Nanoform",neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,mixed,0.34,0.18,0.48,True,English,"['new share issue', 'GMP manufacturing', 'Nanoform', 'USA', 'Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market Sweden', 'Prof. Edward Hæggström', 'innovative nanoparticle medicine enabling company', 'Albert Hæggström', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'large molecule development space', 'novel drug delivery applications', 'largest pharmaceutical market', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'natural next step', 'unrestricted equity reserve', 'annual general meeting', 'Borenius Attorneys Ltd', 'Henri von Haartman', ""drug molecules' performance"", 'mid-term business targets', 'Joint Financial Advisors', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'near-term business targets', 'accelerated book building', 'other qualified investors', 'investor relations queries', 'US GMP manufacturing', 'new manufacturing site', 'Nordic institutional investors', 'new share issue', 'Nanoform Finland Plc', 'growth strategy', 'near-term targets', 'drug solubility', 'international institutional', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'new customers', '45 Finnish time', '22:45 Swedish time', 'UNITED STATES', 'HONG KONG', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'considerable number', '7.7 per cent', '7.1 per cent', 'subscription price', '8.3 per cent', 'closing price', 'ISIN code', 'trade register', 'Finnish Patent', 'Registration Office', 'strong execution', 'strong demand', 'Danske Bank', 'legal counsel', 'Finnish law', 'contact persons', 'biotech partners', 'improved medicines', 'platform technologies', 'clinical attrition', 'nanoforming technologies', 'small to', 'key issues', 'The Company', 'gross proceeds', 'total number', 'formulation services', 'new shares', 'company release', 'The Shares', 'existing global', 'The Placing', '5,581,818 Shares', 'HELSINKI', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'information', 'USA', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'SINGAPORE', 'reference', 'result', 'offering', 'investment', 'world', 'proximity', 'SEK', 'discount', 'commencement', 'offers', 'authorisations', 'board', 'directors', 'April', 'completion', 'payment', 'Trading', 'track', 'June', 'funding', 'IPO', 'CEO', 'funds', 'milestone', 'SEB', 'agency', 'CFO', 'email', 'hope', 'patients', 'capabilities', 'focus', 'bioavailability', 'Premier-segment']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,prnewswire.com
1282,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com:443/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-assa-abloy-ab-301508985.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in ASSA ABLOY AB,STOCKHOLM  March 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of ASSA ABLOY AB (Reg. No. 556059-3575) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 27 April 2022 at 3.30 p.m.  at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Nils Ericso…,"STOCKHOLM  March 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of ASSA ABLOY AB (Reg. No. 556059-3575) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 27 April 2022 at 3.30 p.m.  at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Nils Ericsons Plan 4  Stockholm  Sweden.Registration for the Annual General Meeting starts at 2.30 p.m. The shareholders will also have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights by postal voting prior to the Annual General Meeting in accordance with temporary legislation.Right to participate and notificationParticipation at the meeting venueShareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy must:be recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 19 April 2022   and  and give notice of their participation to ASSA ABLOY AB no later than Thursday 21 April 2022 . Notice of participation shall be given on the company's website www.assaabloy.com  by telephone +46 8-402 90 71 or in writing by mail to ASSA ABLOY AB  ""2022 Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden .The notification must state name  personal or corporate identification number  address  telephone number and names of any assistants attending. An entrance card  to be shown at the registration for the Annual General Meeting  will be sent as confirmation of the notification.If the shareholder is represented by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be enclosed to the notification and be presented in original at the latest at the Annual General Meeting. Proxy form is available upon request and on the company's website www.assaabloy.com. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or equivalent authorization document must be enclosed.Participation by postal votingShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting must:be recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 19 April 2022   and  and give notice of their participation to ASSA ABLOY AB no later than Thursday 21 April 2022 by submitting their postal votes in accordance with the instructions below so that the postal vote is received by ASSA ABLOY AB c/o Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions under the heading Participation at the meeting venue above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a person who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The postal voting form is available on the company's website www.assaabloy.com. The completed and signed postal voting form shall be sent to ASSA ABLOY AB  ""2022 Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. The completed and signed form may alternatively be submitted electronically and is then to be sent to [email protected]. Shareholders can also submit their postal votes electronically by verifying with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/. The postal vote must be received by ASSA ABLOY AB c/o Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Thursday 21 April 2022.The shareholder may not provide the postal vote with special instructions or conditions. If so  the vote (in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the postal voting form.If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be enclosed with the postal voting form. Proxy form is available upon request and on the company's website www.assaabloy.com. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or equivalent authorization document must be enclosed with the postal voting form.Nominee registered sharesShareholders whose shares are nominee registered through a bank or other nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation  request that their shares be temporarily registered in their own name in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (so called voting right registration) in order to be entitle to participate in the Annual General Meeting. The shareholders' register for the General Meeting as of the record date Tuesday 19 April 2022 will take into account voting right registrations completed no later than Thursday 21 April 2022. Shareholders concerned must  in accordance with each nominee's routines  request that the nominee makes such voting right registration well in advance of that date.Agenda1. Opening of the Annual General Meeting.2. Election of Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of two persons to check the Annual General Meeting minutes.6. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened.7. Speech by the President and CEO  Mr. Nico Delvaux.8. Presentation of:a) the Annual Report and the Auditor's Report as well as the Consolidated Accounts and the Auditor's Report for the Group b) the Auditor's statement regarding whether the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives adopted on the previous Annual General Meeting have been complied with  andc) the Board of Directors proposal regarding distribution of profits and motivated statement.9. Resolutions regarding:a) adoption of the Statement of Income and the Balance Sheet as well as the Consolidated Statement of Income and the Consolidated Balance Sheet b) dispositions of the company's profit according to the adopted Balance Sheet  andc) discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO.10. Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors.11. Determination of:a) fees to the Board of Directors b) fees to the Auditor.12. Election of Board of Directors  Chairman of the Board of Directors and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors.13. Election of Auditor.14. Resolution on approval of remuneration report.15. Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to senior executives.16. Resolution regarding authorization to repurchase and transfer Series B shares in the company.17. Resolution regarding long-term incentive program.18. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Item 2 – Election of Chairman of the Annual General MeetingThe Nomination Committee  appointed in accordance with the instructions for the Nomination Committee resolved by the 2018 Annual General Meeting and consisting of Chairman Johan Hjertonsson (Investment AB Latour)  Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  Marianne Nilsson (Swedbank Robur Fonder)  Liselott Ledin (Alecta) and Yvonne Sörberg (Handelsbanken Fonder)  proposes that Lars Renström is elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 9 b) – Disposition of the company's profit according to the adopted Balance SheetThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 4.20 per share. In order to facilitate a more efficient cash management  the dividend is proposed to be paid in two equal installments  the first with the record date Friday 29 April 2022 and the second with the record date Tuesday 22 November 2022. If the proposal is adopted by the Annual General Meeting  the first installment is estimated to be paid on Wednesday 4 May 2022 and the second installment on Friday 25 November 2022.The Board of Directors has presented a motivated statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act  the statement is available at the company and on the company's website www.assaabloy.com.Items 10-13 – Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors  determination of fees to the Board of Directors and the Auditor as well as election of Board of Directors  Chairman of the Board of Directors  Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves as follows.- The number of members of the Board of Directors shall be nine.- The Nomination Committee has in its work regarding Board fees compared the fees to the Board of Directors with Board fees among comparable companies in Sweden and internationally. Based on this and the fact that the Board of Directors is proposed to expand and include one more member  a raise of the fees to the Board of Directors is proposed  meaning that the fees shall amount to a total of SEK 9 995 000 (remuneration for committee work not included) which shall be distributed among the members of the Board of Directors as follows; SEK 2 900 000 to the Chairman  SEK 1 075 000 to the Vice Chairman and SEK 860 000 to each of the other members of the Board of Directors elected by the Annual General Meeting. As remuneration for the committee work  the Chairman of the Audit Committee is to receive SEK 340 000  the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee SEK 160 000  members of the Audit Committee (the Chairman excluded) SEK 235 000 each  and member of the Remuneration Committee (the Chairman excluded) SEK 80 000.- Fees to the Auditor according to contract.- Re-election of Lars Renström  Carl Douglas  Johan Hjertonsson  Sofia Schörling Högberg  Eva Karlsson  Lena Olving  Joakim Weidemanis and Susanne Pahlén Åklundh as members of the Board of Directors.- Election of Erik Ekudden as new member of the Board of Directors.- Re-election of Lars Renström as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Carl Douglas as Vice Chairman.- Re-election of the registered audit firm Ernst & Young AB as Auditor for the time period until the end of the 2023 Annual General Meeting  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation. Ernst & Young AB has notified that  provided that the Nomination Committee's proposal is adopted by the Annual General Meeting  authorized public accountant Hamish Mabon will remain appointed as auditor in charge.Erik Ekudden is born 1968 and holds a Master of Science in Electrical Engineering. Erik is since 2018 Senior Vice President  Chief Technology Officer and Head of Group Function Technology at Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson. Previously he has held a number of management positions within the Ericsson Group. Erik is a Fellow of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences (IVA) and board member of IVA's Business Executives Council (IVAs Näringslivsråd) as well as a member of the Broadband Commission for Sustainable Development.More detailed information regarding the proposed members of the Board of Directors can be found in the Nomination Committee's proposal which is available at the company's website www.assaabloy.com.Item 14 – Resolution on approval of remuneration reportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 15 – Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to senior executivesScopeThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the following guidelines for the remuneration and other employment conditions of the President and CEO and other members of the ASSA ABLOY Executive Team (the ""Executive Team"").These guidelines are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the 2022 Annual General Meeting. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the General Meeting.Employment conditions of a member of the Executive Team that is employed or resident outside Sweden or that is not a Swedish citizen  may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.Promotion of ASSA ABLOY's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityOne of the strategies for value creation followed by ASSA ABLOY is Evolution through people. With the objective that ASSA ABLOY shall continue to be able to recruit and retain competent employees  the basic principle being that remuneration and other employment conditions shall be offered on market conditions and be competitive  taking into account both global remuneration practice and practice in the home country of each member of the Executive Team. These guidelines enable ASSA ABLOY to offer the Executive Team a total remuneration that is on market conditions and competitive. Prerequisites are thereby established for successful implementation of the Group's business strategy  which on overall level is to lead the trend towards the world's most innovative and well-designed access solutions  as well as safeguarding ASSA ABLOY's long-term interests  including its sustainability. More information about ASSA ABLOY's business strategy and ASSA ABLOY's sustainability report is available on ASSA ABLOY's website assaabloy.com.ASSA ABLOY has on-going share-based long-term incentive programs in place that have been resolved by the General Meeting and which are therefore excluded from these guidelines. Future share-based long-term incentive programs proposed by the Board of Directors and submitted to the General Meeting for approval will be excluded for the same reason. The purpose of the share-based long-term incentive program is to strengthen ASSA ABLOY's ability to recruit and retain competent employees  to contribute to ASSA ABLOY providing a total remuneration that is on market conditions and competitive  and to align the interests of the shareholders with the interests of the employees concerned. Through a share-based long-term incentive program  the employees' remuneration is tied to ASSA ABLOY's future earnings and value growth. At present the performance criteria used is linked to earnings per share. The programs are further conditional upon the participant's own investment and holding period of several years. More information about these programs is available on ASSA ABLOY's website assaabloy.com.Types of remunerationThe total yearly remuneration to the members of the Executive Team shall be on market conditions and be competitive and also reflect each member of the Executive Team's responsibility and performance. The total yearly remuneration shall consist of fixed base salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits (which are specified below excluding social security costs). Additionally  the General Meeting may – and irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration.The variable cash remuneration shall be linked to predetermined and measurable targets  which are further described below  and may amount to not more than 75 percent of the yearly base salary. In order to ensure that the remuneration levels are in line with market conditions and competitive  taking into account the current market conditions in the US  the variable cash remuneration for members of the Executive Team employed in the US may amount to not more than 100 percent of the yearly base salary.Additional variable cash remuneration may be paid in specific cases in the form of remuneration with lump sums  provided that such remuneration is only provided at an individual basis for the purpose of recruiting senior executives. Such remuneration may not exceed an amount corresponding to 100 percent of the yearly base salary and the maximum variable cash remuneration  and may not be paid more than once per year and individual.The members of the Executive Team shall be covered by defined contribution pension plans  for which pension premiums are based on each member's yearly base salary and is paid by ASSA ABLOY during the period of employment. The pension premiums shall amount to not more than 35 percent of the yearly base salary.Other benefits  such as company car  life insurance  extra health insurance or occupational healthcare  should be payable to the extent this is considered to be in line with market conditions in the market concerned for each member of the Executive Team. Premiums and other costs relating to such benefits may totally amount to not more than 10 percent of the yearly base salary. Furthermore  housing allowance benefit may be added in line with ASSA ABLOY's policies and costs relating to such benefit may totally amount to not more than 25 percent of the yearly base salary. Premiums and other costs relating to other benefits and housing allowance benefit may  however  totally amount to not more than 30 percent of the yearly base salary.Criteria for awarding variable cash remunerationThe variable cash remuneration shall be linked to predetermined and measurable financial targets  such as earnings per share (EPS)  earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT)  cash flow and organic growth and can also be linked to strategical and/or functional targets individually adjusted on the basis of responsibility and function. These targets shall be designed so as to contribute to ASSA ABLOY's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being linked to the business strategy or promote the senior executive's long-term development within ASSA ABLOY.The Remuneration Committee shall for the Board of Directors prepare  monitor and evaluate matters regarding variable cash remuneration to the Executive Team. Ahead of each yearly measurement period for the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration the Board of Directors shall  based on the work of the Remuneration Committee  establish which criteria that are deemed to be relevant for the upcoming measurement period. To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be determined when the measurement period has ended. Evaluations regarding fulfilment of financial targets shall be based on determined financial basis for the relevant period.Variable cash remuneration can be paid after the measurement period has ended or be subject to deferred payment. Paid variable cash remuneration can be claimed back when such right follows from general principles of law.Duration of employment and termination of employmentThe members of the Executive Team shall be employed until further notice. If notice of termination is made by ASSA ABLOY  the notice period may not exceed 12 months for the CEO and 6 months for the other members of the Executive Team. If the CEO is given notice  ASSA ABLOY is liable to pay  including severance pay and remuneration under the notice period  the equivalent of maximum 24 months' base salary and other employment benefits. If any other member of the Executive Team is given notice  ASSA ABLOY is liable to pay a maximum of 6 months' base salary and other employment benefits plus severance pay amounting to a maximum of an additional 12 months' base salary. If notice of termination is made by a member of the Executive Team  the notice period may not exceed 6 months  with no right to severance pay.A member of the Executive Team may  for such time when the member is not entitled to severance pay  be compensated for non-compete undertakings. Such compensation shall amount to not more than 60 percent of the monthly base salary at the time of the termination and shall only be paid as long as the non-compete undertaking is applicable  at longest a period of 12 months.Remuneration and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  remuneration and employment conditions for employees of ASSA ABLOY have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total remuneration  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time in the Remuneration Committee's and the Board of Directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Remuneration Committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' decision to propose guidelines for remuneration to the Executive Team. The Board of Directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the Annual General Meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the General Meeting. The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration to the Executive Team  the application of the guidelines for remuneration to the Executive Team as well as the applicable remuneration structures and remuneration levels in ASSA ABLOY. The members of the Remuneration Committee are independent of the company and its management. The CEO and other members of the Executive Team do not participate in the Board of Directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Deviation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to deviate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the deviation and a deviation is necessary to serve ASSA ABLOY's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure ASSA ABLOY's financial viability. As set out above  the Remuneration Committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to deviate from the guidelines.Description of material changes of the guidelines and how the views of shareholders' have been taken into considerationThese guidelines  which are proposed for the 2022 Annual General Meeting  correspond to a large extent with the guidelines resolved upon by the 2020 Annual General Meeting. However  in the guidelines now proposed  an option to pay additional variable cash remuneration has been introduced and  in addition  the maximum level for variable cash remuneration for members of the Executive Team employed in the US has been adjusted. Please be referred to the section ""Types of remuneration"" above.No comments or questions on the remuneration guidelines have emerged in connection with general meeting proceedings.Item 16 – Resolution regarding authorization to repurchase and transfer Series B shares in the companyThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to pass a resolution  on one or more occasions for the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  on repurchasing Series B shares in the company in accordance with the following.- The repurchase may as a maximum comprise so many Series B shares that the company after each repurchase holds a maximum of 10 percent of the total number of shares in the company.- The repurchase of Series B shares shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm.- The repurchase of Series B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price.- Payment of the Series B shares shall be made in cash.Furthermore  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to pass a resolution  on one or more occasions for the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  on transferring Series B shares in the company in accordance with the following.- The maximum number of Series B shares to be transferred may not exceed the number of shares held by the company at the time of the Board of Directors resolution.- Transfers of Series B shares shall take place:(i) on Nasdaq Stockholm  or(ii) in connection with acquisition of companies or businesses  on market terms.- Transfers of Series B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price.- The authorization includes the right to resolve on deviation of the preferential rights of shareholders and that payment may be made in other forms than cash.The purpose of the authorizations is to make possible the ability for the Board of Directors to continuously adapt the company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value  to be able to exploit attractive acquisition opportunities by fully or partly financing future acquisitions with the company's own shares  and to ensure the company's undertakings  including social security costs  in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal for a long-term incentive program under Item 17.The Board of Directors has presented a motivated statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act  the statement is available at the company and on the company's website www.assaabloy.com.The proposal in this Item 16 requires an approval of shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting to be valid.Item 17 – Resolution regarding long-term incentive programSummary of the programThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement a new long-term incentive program for senior executives and key employees within the ASSA ABLOY Group (LTI 2022). LTI 2022 is based on similar principles as LTI 2019  LTI 2020 and LTI 2021.LTI 2022 is proposed to include a maximum of 150 senior executives and key employees within the ASSA ABLOY Group. In order to participate in LTI 2022 the participants will have to hold Series B shares in ASSA ABLOY within the scope of LTI 2022 (saving shares). For every saving share held  the company will grant so called performance awards free-of-charge in accordance with the terms stipulated below.The rationale for the proposalThe purpose of LTI 2022 is to strengthen the ASSA ABLOY Group's ability to retain and recruit competent employees  to contribute to ASSA ABLOY providing a total remuneration that is on market conditions and competitive  and to align the interests of the shareholders with the interests of the employees concerned. Through a share-based long-term incentive program  the employees' remuneration is tied to ASSA ABLOY's future earnings and value growth. In light of the above  the Board of Directors believes that the implementation of LTI 2022 will have a positive effect on the long-term value growth of the Group  including its sustainability  and consequently that LTI 2022 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Personal investment in saving sharesIn order to participate in LTI 2022  the participants will have to hold saving shares. The saving shares can either be Series B shares in ASSA ABLOY that have vested or been used as saving shares under LTI 2019 or previous years' long-term incentive programs  or Series B shares in ASSA ABLOY purchased on the market in connection with the notification to participate in LTI 2022.The personal investment shall amount to a value corresponding to a minimum of 5 percent (all participants) and a maximum of 15 percent (CEO and other senior executives) or 10 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participant's fixed base salary. If the participant has access to inside information and is therefore prevented from making the personal investment in connection with the application to participate in LTI 2022  the personal investment shall be made as soon as possible  but no later than before the next Annual General Meeting.For employees who have not participated in previous LTI programs  the participation in LTI 2022 is  in addition  subject to renunciation of customary salary review for the year 2022.Participants in LTI 2022 and allocationLTI 2022 is proposed to include a maximum of 150 senior executives and key employees within the ASSA ABLOY Group  divided in three categories.For each saving share that the CEO of the Group holds under LTI 2022  the company will grant six performance awards. For each saving share that other senior executives (currently eight individuals) hold under LTI 2022  each such individual will be awarded five performance awards. For each saving share that other participants (approximately 140 individuals) hold under LTI 2022  each such individual will be awarded four performance awards.Performance conditionThe number of performance awards that gives right to receive Series B shares in the company depends on the annual development of ASSA ABLOY's earnings per share[1] based on the target levels  as defined by the Board of Directors  during the measurement period 1 January 2022 – 31 December 2024  where each year during the measurement period is compared to the previous year. The outcome is calculated yearly  whereby one third of the performance awards is measured against the outcome for 2022  one third is measured against the outcome for 2023 and one third is measured against the outcome for 2024.The outcome for each year is measured linearly. Unless the minimum level is achieved for the year  none of the relevant performance awards will give right to Series B shares  and if the maximum level is achieved each performance award linked to the relevant year will give right to one Series B share. The Board of Directors intends to present the fulfilment of the performance based condition in the Annual Report for the financial year 2024.Other conditionsIn addition to the above conditions  the following shall apply for the performance awards.- The performance awards shall be granted free-of-charge after the 2022 Annual General Meeting.- Each performance award entitles the holder to receive one Series B share free-of-charge three years after allotment of the award (vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  at the time of the release of the interim report for the first quarter 2025 still is employed by the ASSA ABLOY Group and has maintained the saving shares held under LTI 2022.- To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  the company will compensate the participants for distributed dividend during the vesting period by increasing the number of Series B shares that each performance award gives right to after the vesting period.- The performance awards are non-transferable and may not be pledged.- The performance awards can be granted by the company or by any other company within the Group.Preparation and administrationThe Board of Directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTI 2022  in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The Board of Directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the ASSA ABLOY Group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTI 2022 no longer are appropriate.In the event that the Board of Directors considers that the delivery of Series B shares under LTI 2022 cannot be achieved at reasonable cost  with reasonable administrative efforts or due to specific market conditions  participants may instead be offered a cash settlement.Scope and cost of the programLTI 2022 may  if the share price for the company's Series B share remains the same during the program's term  result in a maximum amount corresponding to 90 percent (CEO)  75 percent (other senior executives) or 40 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participants annual base salary (excluding social security costs). Such outcome is subject to a maximum personal investment  meaning that the participant must hold saving shares at a value that corresponds to 15 percent (CEO and other senior executives) or 10 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participants annual base salary and that the performance based condition has been fully achieved. Full vesting is further subject to the saving shares being retained and that the participant  with some exceptions  is still employed during the vesting period.The total number of saving shares  which corresponds to the participant's total maximum personal investment  and thus the total number of performance awards being allotted  depends on the share price for the company's Series B share at the time of allotment of performance awards under LTI 2022. The total number of outstanding shares in the company amounts to 1 112 576 334 shares.Provided that the share price for the company's Series B share is traded at aroundSEK 265 at the time of allotment of performance awards under LTI 2022  LTI 2022 will  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  comprise a maximum of 650 000 Series B shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 0.1 percent of the total outstanding shares and votes in the company.LTI 2022 shall be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period. Provided that the performance based condition is fully achieved  the cost for LTI 2022 before tax is  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  estimated to approximately SEK 160 million  allocated over the vesting period. Estimated social security costs and financing cost are included in such amount.The costs are expected to have marginal effect on key ratios of the ASSA ABLOY Group.The Board of Directors deems that the positive effects on earnings that are expected to result from increased share ownership among senior executives and persons in senior managerial positions  which may be further increased through LTI 2022  outweighs the costs related to LTI 2022.Delivery of shares under LTI 2022To ensure the delivery of Series B shares under LTI 2022  the company intends to enter into an agreement with a third party  under which the third party shall  in its own name  buy and transfer Series B shares in the company to the participants in accordance with LTI 2022.Preparation of the proposalLTI 2022 has been initiated by the Board of Directors of ASSA ABLOY  and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of previous incentive programs. LTI 2022 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings of the Board of Directors.Previous incentive programsThe company's other share-based incentive programs LTI 2019  LTI 2020 and LTI 2021 are based on the similar principles as LTI 2022. For a description of LTI 2019  LTI 2020 and LTI 2021  reference is made to the Annual Report 2021  Note 34  and the company's website www.assaabloy.com.Shares and votesThe total number of shares in the company at the time for the notice to the Annual General Meeting amount to 1 112 576 334 shares  of which 57 525 969 are Series A shares and 1 055 050 365 Series B shares  which is equivalent to a total of 1 630 310 055 votes. ASSA ABLOY AB is holding at the time of the notice to the Annual General Meeting  1 800 000 own Series B shares  corresponding to 1 800 000 votes that may not be represented at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders' right to request informationThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  at the Annual General Meeting provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the company's relation to other companies within the Group and the Group accounts.Documentation etc.The Annual Report and the Auditor's Report  the Board of Directors' remuneration report and all other supporting documentation for the Annual General Meeting are available at the company and on the company's website www.assaabloy.com no later than three weeks before the Annual General Meeting.Further  the Nomination Committee's complete proposals including motivated statement  are available at the company and on the company's website www.assaabloy.com no later than four weeks before the Annual General Meeting.Copies of the documents will be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their address to the company.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see:https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfThis notice is a translation of the Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Welcome!Stockholm in March 2022The Board of DirectorsASSA ABLOY AB (publ)For more information  please contact:Nico Delvaux  President and CEO  tel. no: +46 8 506 485 82Erik Pieder  CFO and Executive Vice President  tel. no: +46 8 506 485 72Björn Tibell  Head of Investor Relations  tel. no: +46 70 275 67 68The ASSA ABLOY Group is the global leader in access solutions. The Group operates worldwide with 51 000 employees and sales of SEK 95 billion. The Group has leading positions in areas such as efficient door openings  trusted identities and entrance automation. ASSA ABLOY's innovations enable safe  secure and convenient access to physical and digital places. Every day  we help billions of people experience a more open world.[1] Earnings per share is defined as the company's earnings per share after tax and dilution  excluding items affecting comparability and currency effects.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/assa-abloy/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-assa-abloy-ab c3530678The following files are available for download:mediacontactSOURCE ASSA ABLOY",neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,negative,0.01,0.04,0.95,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'ASSA ABLOY AB', 'Notice', 'Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre', 'Annual General Meeting minutes', 'ASSA ABLOY AB', 'Nils Ericsons Plan', 'P.O. Box', 'equivalent authorization document', 'Mr. Nico Delvaux', '2022 Annual General Meeting', 'corporate identification number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'voting right registrations', 'postal voting form', 'Nominee registered shares', 'meeting venue', 'voting rights', 'voting list', 'special form', 'postal votes', 'Wednesday 27 April', 'temporary legislation', 'share register', 'Tuesday 19 April', 'Thursday 21 April', 'telephone number', 'entrance card', 'dated power', 'legal entity', 'two persons', 'Proxy form', 'other nominee', 'state name', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'record date', ""shareholders' register"", 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Reg.', 'opportunity', 'accordance', 'notification', 'Participation', 'notice', 'company', 'website', 'assaabloy', 'writing', 'mail', 'personal', 'address', 'names', 'assistants', 'confirmation', 'attorney', 'original', 'request', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'heading', 'BankID', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'written', 'addition', 'order', 'account', 'routines', 'advance', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'Speech', 'President', 'CEO', 'Presentation', '3.30', '2.30']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,prnewswire.com
1283,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rappler.com/business/sanctions-delay-payments-russian-corporate-eurobond-holders-march-23-2022/,Sanctions delay payments to Russian corporate Eurobond holders,Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that the payment process on hard currency bonds issued by Russia or Russian companies has become much more complicated,MOSCOW. Cars drive along Tverskaya street with the towers of the State Historical Museum and the Kremlin in the background  in central Moscow  Russia  March 23  2022.Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that the payment process on hard currency bonds issued by Russia or Russian companies has become much more complicatedRussian holders of domestic corporate Eurobonds face delays in receiving payments settled through international agents  as transactions get snarled up by sanctions  Russia’s National Settlement Depository (NSD)  companies  and analysts said.Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that the payment process on hard currency bonds issued by Russia or Russian companies has become much more complicated  with some payments delayed or getting stuck in transit.Russian sovereign and corporate Eurobond payments were previously processed by international clearing and settlement firms such as Clearstream and Euroclear  which process payments and confirm ownership of assets before sending cash to Western bondholders and then to NSD for domestic holders.Euroclear  owned by exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  said they would stop settling trades in Russian securities in response to European Union sanctions after last month’s Russian invasion of Ukraine  which Moscow describes as a “strategic military operation.”“Delays are possible for payments cleared via international depositories ” NSD said in a statement to Reuters.“This could be linked to ‘manual’ processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators ” NSD added.Clearstream and Euroclear did not respond to requests for comment.Payments affectedRussian companies are due to pay $18.5 billion in external debt  including interest payments known as coupons  by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  and the Russian finance ministry is due to pay another $3.4 billion in sovereign Eurobonds.Russian holders of at least four corporate Eurobonds are struggling to get payments  the firms themselves and ITI Capital say  namely steelmakers NLMK and Severstal  state-owned Russian Railways  and fertilizer producer Eurochem.NLMK  Russia’s top steelmaker  said in a statement on Tuesday  March 22  that had it paid a coupon on its Eurobond due in 2024 and foreign noteholders started to receive their coupon payments  while Russian holders did not.“This is due to the fact that…Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia’s NSD. We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents ” it said.Severstal  whose main shareholder  Alexei Mordashov  was sanctioned by the EU on February 28  is also having trouble with the processing of its Eurobond coupon payment.The payment sent last week by Severstal for the coupon on its 2024 loan participation notes (LPN) has yet to be processed by Citibank  with the grace period set to expire on Wednesday  March 23  a source close to Severstal told Reuters on Tuesday.Russian Railways and Eurochem did not reply to Reuters requests for a comment.In a separate statement  NSD said that it is receiving Eurobond payments from Euroclear  but will not process these until Euroclear gets clarification from European regulators.NSD said it is not getting payments from Clearstream.“After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed…as usual ” NSD said.Dmitry Lesnov  head of the customer service department at Finam  said that his company is not receiving payments made via Euroclear or Clearstream and is awaiting further clarification.Coupon payments due over the next few days include from Gazprom and SIBUR on Wednesday  Russian Railways on Friday  March 25  and Polyus Gold on Monday  March 28  the same day Russia is due to make its next international bond payment.The Russian finance ministry made a $117-million and a $66-million Eurobond coupon payment recently  with foreign bondholders receiving their funds.Kommersant daily newspaper  citing a source at a large brokerage firm  said on Wednesday that some Russian holders of sovereign Eurobonds had not received coupon payments.The finance ministry did not reply to a request for a comment. – Rappler.com,negative,0.02,0.28,0.7,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['Russian corporate Eurobond holders', 'Sanctions', 'payments', 'next international bond payment', '$66-million Eurobond coupon payment', 'State Historical Museum', 'hard currency bonds', 'strategic military operation', '2024 loan participation notes', 'customer service department', 'Kommersant daily newspaper', 'large brokerage firm', 'National Settlement Depository', 'four corporate Eurobonds', 'domestic corporate Eurobonds', 'Russian finance ministry', 'state-owned Russian Railways', 'European Union sanctions', 'corporate Eurobond payments', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'payment process', 'international agents', 'international clearing', 'domestic holders', 'international depositories', 'sovereign Eurobonds', 'European regulators', 'Russian holders', 'Russian sovereign', 'Russian securities', 'Russian invasion', 'Russian residents', 'Tverskaya street', 'Western sanctions', 'settlement firms', 'Western bondholders', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'last month', 'external debt', 'fertilizer producer', 'top steelmaker', 'foreign noteholders', 'legal grounds', 'main shareholder', 'Alexei Mordashov', 'grace period', 'Dmitry Lesnov', 'Polyus Gold', 'foreign bondholders', 'Russian companies', 'coupon payments', 'manual’ processing', 'interest payments', 'separate statement', 'central Moscow', 'Reuters requests', 'Cars', 'towers', 'Kremlin', 'background', 'countersanctions', 'delays', 'transactions', 'NSD', 'transit', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ownership', 'assets', 'cash', 'exchanges', 'banks', 'trades', 'response', 'Ukraine', 'orders', 'need', 'clarifications', 'comment', 'coupons', 'year-end', 'steelmakers', 'NLMK', 'Severstal', 'Eurochem', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'fact', 'February', 'trouble', 'LPN', 'Citibank', 'Wednesday', 'source', 'curbs', 'head', 'Finam', 'company', 'days', 'Gazprom', 'SIBUR', 'Friday', 'Monday', 'funds', 'Rappler']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,rappler.com
1284,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/annual-general-meeting-of-sandvik-aktiebolag-301509186.html,Annual General Meeting of Sandvik Aktiebolag,SANDVIKEN  Sweden  March 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Sandvik Aktiebolag are convened to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  April 27  2022 at 4:00 p.m. at the Göransson Arena  Sätragatan 21  Sandviken  Sweden. Registration wil…,"SANDVIKEN  Sweden  March 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Sandvik Aktiebolag are convened to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  April 27  2022 at 4:00 p.m. at the Göransson Arena  Sätragatan 21  Sandviken  Sweden. Registration will begin at 3:00 p.m.Due to the continued spread of Covid-19  no food or drink will be served and there will be no exhibits or programs before the General Meeting.RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AND NoticeThere are two ways for shareholders to participate in the Meeting: (i) attending the Meeting in person or by proxy  or (ii) participating by postal voting. In either case  if the shares are registered in the name of a nominee  they must be temporarily re-registered in the name of the shareholder (as further described below).Participation in person or by proxyShareholders who wish to attend the Meeting in person or by proxy must:be recorded as shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday  April 19  2022   and  and give notice of their intention to participate in the Meeting  not later than Thursday  April 21  2022   according to the instructions below.Notice of participation in the Meeting shall be made on the Company's website home.sandvik   by telephone +46 (0)26-26 09 40 weekdays 9:00 a.m.–4:00 p.m. or by letter to Computershare AB  ""Sandvik's AGM""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. When giving notice of participation  please state name  personal or corporate registration number  address and telephone number and the number of assistants (maximum two)  if any.If participation in the Meeting is by proxy  a written and dated proxy signed by the shareholder must be submitted to the address stated above in advance of the Meeting. Proxy forms are available on the Company's website. A proxy issued by a legal entity must be accompanied by a registration certificate or other authorization document. In order to facilitate registration at the Meeting  the proxy as well as the registration certificate or other authorization document should be received by the Company at the above address not later than Thursday  April 21  2022.Postal votingThe Board of Directors has decided that shareholders should be able to exercise their voting rights by postal voting. Shareholders who wish to participate in the Meeting by postal voting must:be recorded as shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday  April 19  2022   and  and give notice of their intention to participate in the Meeting by submitting their postal votes  not later than Thursday  April 21  2022   according to the instructions below.A special form must be used for the postal vote. The form for postal voting is available on the Company's website home.sandvik. The completed and signed form for postal voting shall be sent by e-mail to [email protected] or by post to Computershare AB  ""Sandvik's AGM""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. Completed forms must be received by Computershare not later than Thursday  April 21  2022. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via the Company's website home.sandvik. Such electronic votes must also be submitted not later than Thursday  April 21  2022.The shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form.If a shareholder submits its postal vote through a representative  a written and dated proxy signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Proxy forms are available on the Company's website. A proxy issued by a legal entity must be accompanied by a registration certificate or other authorization document.Shareholders who wish to attend the Meeting in person or by proxy must give notice to the Company in accordance with the instructions under ""Participation in person or by proxy"" above. This means that a notice of participation by postal voting only is not enough for a shareholder who wants to attend the Meeting in person or by proxy.Shares registered in the name of a nomineeShareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  to be entitled to participate in the Meeting (including via postal voting)  temporarily have re-registered the shares in their own name so that the shareholder is registered in the share register as of Tuesday  April 19  2022. Please note that this procedure also applies with respect to shares held on a bank's shareholder deposit account and certain investment savings accounts. Request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registration that has been made by the nominee not later than Thursday  April 21  2022 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.AgendaOpening of the Meeting. Election of Chairman of the Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes. Approval of the agenda. Examination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened. Speech by the President and CEO. Presentation of the Annual Report  Auditor's Report and the Group Accounts and Auditor's Report for the Group. Resolution in respect of adoption of the Profit and Loss Account  Balance Sheet  Consolidated Profit and Loss Account and Consolidated Balance Sheet. Resolution in respect of discharge from liability of the Board members and the President for the period to which the accounts relate. Resolution in respect of allocation of the Company's result in accordance with the adopted Balance Sheet and resolution on record day.1. Cash dividend2. Distribution of all shares in Sandvik Materials Technology Holding AB (to be renamed Alleima AB).12. Determination of the number of Board members  Deputy Board members and Auditors.13. Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and Auditor.14. Election of Board members:1. Jennifer Allerton2. Claes Boustedt3. Marika Fredriksson4. Johan Molin5. Andreas Nordbrandt6. Helena Stjernholm7. Stefan Widing8. Kai Wärn15. Election of Chairman of the Board.16. Election of Auditor.17. Approval of remuneration report.18. Resolution on a long-term incentive program (LTI 2022).19. Authorization on acquisition of the Company's own shares.20. Resolution on amendment to the Articles of Association.21. Closing of the Meeting..PROPOSALS FOR RESOLUTIONSItem 2 – Election of Chairman of the MeetingThe Nomination Committee consists of its Chairman Fredrik Lundberg (AB Industrivärden)  Anna Magnusson (Alecta)  Marianne Nilsson (Swedbank Robur Funds)  Lars Pettersson (Lundbergs) and Johan Molin (Sandvik's Chairman of the Board).The Nomination Committee proposes attorney Sven Unger as Chairman of the Meeting or  in the event he is prevented from participating  the person appointed by the Nomination Committee.Item 11 – Dividend and record day11.1 Cash dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve on a cash dividend of SEK 4.75 per share. Friday  April 29  2022 is proposed as the record day. If the Meeting approves these proposals  it is estimated that the dividend be paid by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  May 4  2022.11.2 Distribution of all shares in Sandvik Materials Technology Holding AB (to be renamed Alleima AB)On October 18  2021  the Board of Directors of Sandvik AB (""Sandvik"") publicly announced its intention to distribute the business area Sandvik Materials Technology during the second or third quarter 2022 to Sandvik's shareholders and to list the shares on Nasdaq Stockholm.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that all shares in the wholly-owned subsidiary Sandvik Materials Technology Holding AB  reg. no. 559224-1433 (to be renamed Alleima AB) (""Alleima"")  including the underlying group  be distributed  whereby five (5) shares in Sandvik entitle to one (1) share in Alleima. If a shareholder's shareholding in Sandvik is not evenly divisible by five (5)  the fractions of shares which the shareholder's shareholding in Sandvik otherwise would entitle to will be combined with all other shareholders' fractions of shares into whole shares in Alleima  which will be sold on Nasdaq Stockholm through Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ). The proceeds from such sale  free of any commissions  will then be paid to such shareholders through the Euroclear system on a pro rata basis.The Board of Directors further proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to determine the record date for the right to receive shares in Alleima. The record date is expected to take place on August 29  2022  and the distribution of and first day of trading in the Alleima share on Nasdaq Stockholm is expected to occur on August 31  2022.The distribution of the shares in Alleima is expected to be made in accordance with the so-called Lex Asea rules.An information brochure containing additional information regarding the distribution and Alleima's business is available on Sandvik's website home.sandvik.Item 12 – Determination of the number of Board members  Deputy Board members and AuditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes eight Board members with no deputies and one registered public accounting firm as Auditor.Item 13 – Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes fees to the Board of Directors as follows:Chairman of the Board of Directors: SEK 2 750 000 (2 625 000)(2 625 000) Other Board members not employed by the Company: SEK 740 000 (710 000) each(710 000) each Chairman of the Audit Committee: SEK 325 000 (310 000)(310 000) Other members of the Audit Committee: SEK 185 000 (175 000) each(175 000) each Chairman of the Remuneration Committee: SEK 155 000 (150 000)(150 000) Other members of the Remuneration Committee: SEK 122 000 (118 000) each(118 000) each Chairman of the Acquisitions and Divestitures Committee: SEK 210 000 (200 000)(200 000) Other members of the Acquisitions and Divestitures Committee: SEK 155 000 (150 000) eachFees to the Auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Item 14 – Election of Board membersThe Nomination Committee proposes the election of the following persons as Board members:Jennifer Allerton (re-election) Claes Boustedt (re-election) Marika Fredriksson (re-election) Johan Molin (re-election) Andreas Nordbrandt (re-election) Helena Stjernholm (re-election) Stefan Widing (re-election) Kai Wärn (re-election)Item 15 – Election of Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes re-election of Johan Molin as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Item 16 – Election of AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  pursuant to the recommendation of the Audit Committee  re-election of PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as Auditor for the period until the end of the 2023 Annual General Meeting.Item 17 – Approval of remuneration reportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting approves the Board of Directors' remuneration report.Item 18 – Resolution on a long-term incentive program (LTI 2022)BackgroundSince 2014 Sandvik's Annual General Meeting has annually resolved on long-term incentive programs for senior executives and key employees  in the form of performance share programs requiring investment by all participants. The Board of Directors considers that these programs fulfill their purpose of aligning the interests of the participants and the shareholders  strengthening the Sandvik Group's ability to attract  retain and motivate qualified employees and strengthening Sandvik's focus and objective to meet its long-term business goals. Accordingly  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve on a long-term incentive program for senior executives and key employees for 2022 (""LTI 2022"") on the below terms and conditions.GeneralLTI 2022 encompasses approximately 350 senior executives and key contributors in the Sandvik Group. Due to the planned spin-off and subsequent listing of Sandvik's business area Sandvik Materials Technology (""SMT listing"")  SMT employees will not be offered participation in LTI 2022. The maximum number of Sandvik shares that can be allocated pursuant to LTI 2022 is 1.9 million shares  which corresponds to approximately 0.15 percent of the number of outstanding shares in Sandvik.In order to participate in LTI 2022 the employee is required to invest in Sandvik shares at market price no later than June 30  2022 (""Investment Shares""). In the event that the employee is not able to invest before this date due to being entered in an insider list (logbook) kept by Sandvik  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to postpone the date of investment for such employee. The employee may within the scope of LTI 2022 invest up to an amount corresponding to 10 percent of the employee's fixed annual salary before tax at the time of the investment.Provided such acquisition of Investment Shares is made  participants of LTI 2022 will be entitled to allotment of Sandvik shares  free of charge  after a period of three years on the terms and conditions set forth below.Performance SharesEach acquired Investment Share entitles participants to be allotted Sandvik shares provided certain performance targets are met (""Performance Shares""). The maximum number of Performance Shares that may be allotted for each acquired Investment Share depends on the Participant's program category as follows:8 for the President 7 for each additional member of the Group Executive Management (currently 9persons) persons)  6 for each senior manager (approximately 60 persons)  and5 for each key contributor (approximately 280 persons).Each member of the Group Executive Management  with the exception of SMT's President  shall nominate the persons that are to be offered participation in LTI 2022 and that are to be classified as senior manager and key contributor  respectively  based on position  qualification and individual performance. All nominations are to be approved by the President and CEO.The number of Performance Shares that will finally be allotted to the participant for each acquired Investment Share is dependent on the development of the Sandvik Group adjusted Earnings Per Share (""EPS"")  excluding amortizations and other accounting effects arising from business combinations  during the financial year 2022 (""EPS 2022"")  compared to adjusted EPS  excluding amortizations and other accounting effects arising from business combinations  for the financial year 2021 (""EPS 2021""). Subject to the SMT listing taking place  EPS 2021 and EPS 2022 will exclude SMT. The Board of Directors establishes the levels regarding adjusted EPS that must be attained for allotment of a certain number of Performance Shares. Allotment will take place as follows:One Performance Share will be allotted for each acquired Investment Share if EPS 2022 exceeds EPS 2021.In order for any remaining Performance Shares to be allotted EPS 2022 growth must exceed 5 percent in relation to EPS 2021. The EPS growth required for the maximum number of Performance Shares to be allotted for each acquired Investment Share is established by the Board of Directors.The level required for maximum allotment and the extent to which the established levels are attained will be disclosed in the 2022 Annual Report.Prerequisites for allotmentThe allotment of Performance Shares requires continuous employment and that all Investment Shares be held during a period of three years from the acquisition of the Investment Shares (""Vesting Period""). The Chairman of the Board of Directors may in special cases grant exemptions from these requirements for individual participants  whereas the Board of Directors may decide on any such exemption concerning groups of participants.If the prerequisites for allotment set forth for LTI 2022 are met  allotment of Performance Shares will take place during 2025  and no later than June 30  2025. The allotment will take place free of charge  subject to tax.Adjustment of the number of Performance Shares etc.Before the allotment of Performance Shares takes place  the Board of Directors shall consider whether the number of Performance Shares is reasonable taking into account the financial results and position of Sandvik  the impact of larger acquisitions  divestments and other significant capital transactions  stock market conditions and other circumstances. If the Board of Directors deems that this is not the case  the Board of Directors shall reduce the number of Performance Shares to the lower number the Board of Directors finds appropriate or decide that no allotment should take place.In the event of a bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events in Sandvik  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to decide on the recalculation of the terms of LTI 2022.An alternative cash based incentive solution may be implemented for participants incountries where the acquisition of Investment Shares or allotment of Performance Shares is not appropriate  or if such solution is otherwise considered appropriate. Such alternative incentive solution shall to the extent practically possible be designed to correspond to the terms of LTI 2022. The President and CEO shall be authorized to decide which persons that should be offered participation in the cash based incentive solution.The Board of Directors  or a committee appointed by the Board of Directors for this purpose  shall be responsible for the detailed design and administration of LTI 2022 based on the main terms set forth herein.The right to be allotted Performance Shares cannot be transferred and does not give the participant a right to compensation for dividend distributed during the Vesting Period with respect to the underlying shares.Costs of LTI 2022 and hedging arrangementsThe number of Sandvik shares that will be needed for LTI 2022 will depend on the Sandvik share price at investment and the participation rate. To secure an adequate number of shares  given the increased market volatility  a Sandvik share price of SEK 160 has been used when calculating the maximum number of shares needed. Based on this share price the total cost of LTI 2022 is estimated at up to SEK 333 million. The costs have been calculated as the sum of personnel costs  including social security costs of SEK 55 million  and administration costs of approximately SEK 2 million for the program. Based on a share price of SEK 235 (which would result in fewer Sandvik shares being needed) the total cost is estimated at up to SEK 346 million  of which SEK 57 million constitutes social security cost and approximately SEK 2 million constitutes administration costs. The costs for LTI 2022 will be allocated over the years 2022–2024.Sandvik intends to secure its commitment to deliver Sandvik shares under LTI 2022 through a share swap agreement with a third party. The interest cost for such a share swap is estimated at approximately SEK 1.4 million per year based on the current interest levels  regardless of whether the calculation is based on a share price of SEK 160 or SEK 235. Against this cost  however  stands the value of possible dividends.Preparation of the proposalThe proposal has been prepared by the Board's Remuneration Committee and has been discussed and resolved on by the Board of Directors. The President has not taken part in the Board of Directors' discussion and resolution with respect to the proposal.Majority requirementThe resolution regarding LTI 2022 requires a majority of more than half of the votes cast at the Meeting.OtherFor a description of other long-term incentive programs within Sandvik reference is made to note G4 in Sandvik's 2021 Annual Report and to the Company's website.Item 19 – Authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition of the Company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to  for the period until the 2023 Annual General Meeting  resolve on acquisitions of the Company's own shares in accordance with the following conditions.Acquisitions shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm.Acquisitions may only be made at a price per share within the price range (spread) applicable from time to time  meaning the spread between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price prevailing and disseminated by Nasdaq Stockholm from time to time.The Company may acquire a maximum number of shares so that the Company's holding at any time does not exceed 10 per cent of the total number of shares in the Company.The authorization may be utilized on one or several occasions up to the 2023 Annual General Meeting.The purpose of the authorization is to enable the Board of Directors to continuously adapt the Company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value.In order for the resolution on authorization to be valid  it must be supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Item 20 – Resolution on amendment to the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to amend the Articles of Association as proposed below:§ 6Insofar as it is elected at a General Meeting of the Shareholders  the Board shall consist of not less than five and not more than eight Directors and not more than five Deputy Directors. § 6Insofar as it is elected at a General Meeting of the Shareholders  the Board shall consist of not less than five and not more than ten Directors. § 11 The following matters shall be dealt with at the Annual General Meeting:[…]10. determination of the number of Directors and Deputy Directors;[…] § 11 The following matters shall be dealt with at the Annual General Meeting:[…]10. determination of the number of Directors;[…]The Board of Directors currently consists of eight Board members elected by the General Meeting  i.e. the maximum permitted by the Articles of Association. The increase in maximum number of Board members is proposed to allow the Nomination Committee more flexibility in its work when preparing the proposal for the Company Board. Furthermore  the option for the General Meeting to elect deputy Board members is removed.The Board of Directors also proposes that the President shall be authorized to make any minor adjustments to the resolution that may prove to be necessary in connection with the registration of the Articles of Association with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.In order for the resolution on amendment to the Articles of Association to be valid  it must be supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.INFORMATION AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Board of Directors and the President shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the Company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  and circumstances that can affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation  or the Company's relation to other group companies.DOCUMENTATIONThe Nomination Committee's proposals under items 2 and 12–16 and the Board of Directors' proposals under items 11 and 17–20 are included in their entirety in this notice. The Nomination Committee's statement and the presentation of the proposed Board members are available on the Company's website home.sandvik. Accounting documents  the Board of Directors' remuneration report  the Auditor's Report and the Auditor's statement regarding the application of the guidelines for remuneration  the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Auditor's statement relating to the proposals under item 11 and the information brochure relating to the proposal under item 11.2 are available at Sandvik AB  Kungsbron 1  section G  floor 6  Stockholm  Sweden  as well as on the Company's website. Copies of the documents will be sent without charge to those shareholders who so request and provide their address to the Company.SHARES AND VOTESThe total number of shares and votes in the Company is 1 254 385 923.PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATASandvik Aktiebolag  reg. no. 556000-3468  is the controller of the processing of personal data performed by the Company or its service providers in connection with the Meeting. For information on how your personal data is processed  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Stockholm  March 2022SANDVIK AKTIEBOLAG (PUBL)The Board of DirectorsThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/sandvik/r/annual-general-meeting-of-sandvik-aktiebolag c3531216The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/208/3531216/1552872.pdf Notice Annual General Meeting 2022.PDFSOURCE Sandvik",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.01,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sandvik Aktiebolag', 'Göransson Arena', 'other authorization document', 'investment savings accounts', 'Such electronic votes', 'entire postal vote', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate registration number', 'voting rights registration', 'Annual General Meeting', 'postal voting form', 'shareholder deposit account', 'voting list', 'postal votes', 'Computershare AB', 'registration certificate', 'Sätragatan', 'continued spread', 'two ways', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'The Board', 'special form', 'Completed forms', 'telephone number', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Proxy forms', 'Sandvik Aktiebolag', 'state name', 'dated proxy', 'SANDVIKEN', 'shareholders', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'Covid-19', 'food', 'drink', 'exhibits', 'programs', 'PARTICIPATE', 'Notice', 'person', 'case', 'shares', 'nominee', 'Participation', 'Tuesday', 'intention', 'Thursday', 'Company', 'website', 'weekdays', 'letter', 'AGM', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'address', 'assistants', 'written', 'advance', 'order', 'Directors', 'mail', 'verification', 'BankID', 'conditions', 'representative', 'accordance', 'procedure', 'respect', 'Request', 'routines', 'time', 'preparation', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'approval', '4:00', '3:00', '9:00']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,prnewswire.com
1285,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.finews.com/news/english-news/50673-euroclear-invests-to-expand-dlt-capabilities,Euroclear Invests to Expand Blockchain Capabilities,1 day ago,Post trade services provider Euroclear is investing in a blockchain consortium that is exploring using distributed ledger technology for settling trades.Euroclear  a provider of settlement and custody services for domestic and cross-border securities transactions  on Tuesday announced an investment in Fnality  an international banking consortium building a platform supporting the adoption of tokenized assets.The partnership aims to provide innovative solutions using distributed ledger technology (DLT) for the settlement of digital securities against digital cash.Test PhaseA global roll-out is planned this year of Fnality’s distributed Financial Market Infrastructures (dFMIs) network. This will provide near-real-time 24/7 settlement capability for central bank money-like digital cash assets  and facilitate interoperability with other platforms. The aim is to allow banks to significantly reduce intraday liquidity requirements  and unlock the institutional potential of tokenized financial markets.Recently Euroclear led an experiment using central bank digital currency (CBDC) to settle French government bond transactions using DLT. The project  commissioned by the French central bank  showed it is possible to manage post-trade operations in CBDC  the report said.BIS Innovation HubEuroclear's announcement comes the same day the Bank for International Settlements (BIS) said its innovation hub developed two prototypes for a common international settlement platform for using multiple central bank digital currencies (mCBDCs).The project  dubbed Dunbar  also showed that financial institutions could use CBDCs issued by participating central banks to transact directly with each other on a shared platform  according to BIS.«Project Dunbar marks a key milestone in advancing the efficiency of cross border payments globally. The strong collaboration between participating central banks  commercial banks and technology solution providers has established the foundation for developing future ready payment rails » said Sopnendu Mohanty  the chief fintech officer of the Monetary Authority of SingaporeSwiss Banks ParticipateFounded in 2019  Fnality’s shareholders include UBS  Credit Suisse  ING and Nasdaq  among others.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['Blockchain Capabilities', 'Euroclear', 'multiple central bank digital currencies', 'future ready payment rails', 'French government bond transactions', 'real-time 24/7 settlement capability', 'distributed Financial Market Infrastructures', 'central bank digital currency', 'Post trade services provider', 'common international settlement platform', 'French central bank', 'central bank money', 'distributed ledger technology', 'cross-border securities transactions', 'intraday liquidity requirements', 'cross border payments', 'technology solution providers', 'chief fintech officer', 'participating central banks', 'international banking consortium', 'tokenized financial markets', 'digital cash assets', 'BIS Innovation Hub', 'digital securities', 'custody services', 'tokenized assets', 'International Settlements', 'financial institutions', 'blockchain consortium', 'shared platform', 'commercial banks', 'Swiss Banks', 'innovative solutions', 'Test Phase', 'global roll-out', 'other platforms', 'institutional potential', 'post-trade operations', 'two prototypes', 'key milestone', 'strong collaboration', 'Sopnendu Mohanty', 'Monetary Authority', 'Credit Suisse', 'Project Dunbar', 'BIS.', 'Euroclear', 'trades', 'domestic', 'Tuesday', 'investment', 'Fnality', 'adoption', 'partnership', 'DLT', 'dFMIs', 'network', 'interoperability', 'aim', 'experiment', 'CBDC', 'report', 'announcement', 'efficiency', 'foundation', 'Singapore', 'shareholders', 'UBS', 'Nasdaq', 'others']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,finews.com
1286,Euroclear,Google API,https://kfgo.com/2022/03/23/sanctions-delay-payments-to-russian-corporate-eurobond-holders/,Sanctions delay payments to Russian corporate Eurobond holders,11 hours ago,(Reuters) – Russian holders of domestic corporate Eurobonds face delays in receiving payments settled through international agents  as transactions get snarled up by sanctions  Russia’s National Settlement Depository (NSD)  companies and analysts said.Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that the payment process on hard currency bonds issued by Russia or Russian companies has become much more complicated  with some payments delayed or getting stuck in transit.Russian sovereign and corporate Eurobond payments were previously processed by international clearing and settlement firms such as Clearstream and Euroclear  which process payments and confirm ownership of assets before sending cash to Western bondholders and then to NSD for domestic holders.Euroclear  owned by exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  said they would stop settling trades in Russian securities in response to European Union sanctions after last month’s Russian invasion of Ukraine  which Moscow describes as a “strategic military operation”.“Delays are possible for payments cleared via international depositories ” NSD said in a statement to Reuters.“This could be linked to ‘manual’ processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators ” NSD added.Clearstream and Euroclear did not respond to requests for comment.PAYMENTS AFFECTEDRussian companies are due to pay $18.5 billion in external debt  including interest payments known as coupons  by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  and the Russian finance ministry is due to pay another $3.4 billion in sovereign Eurobonds.Russian holders of at least four corporate Eurobonds are struggling to get payments  the firms themselves and ITI Capital say  namely steelmakers NLMK and Severstal  state-owned Russian Railways and fertilizer producer Eurochem.NLMK  Russia’s top steelmaker  said in a statement on Tuesday that had it paid a coupon on its Eurobond due in 2024 and foreign noteholders started to receive their coupon payments  while Russian holders did not.“This is due to the fact that… Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia’s NSD. We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents ” it said.Severstal  whose main shareholder  Alexey Mordashov  was sanctioned by the EU on Feb. 28  is also having trouble with the processing of its Eurobond coupon payment.The payment sent last week by Severstal for the coupon on its 2024 loan participation notes (LPN) has yet to be processed by Citibank  with the grace period set to expire on Wednesday  a source close to Severstal told Reuters on Tuesday.Russian Railways and Eurochem did not reply to Reuters requests for a comment.In a separate statement  NSD said that it is receiving Eurobond payments from Euroclear  but will not process these until Euroclear gets clarification from European regulators.NSD said it is not getting payments from Clearstream.“After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed… as usual ” NSD said.Dmitry Lesnov  head of the customer service department at Finam  said that his company is not receiving payments made via Euroclear or Clearstream and is awaiting further clarification.Coupon payments due over the next few days include from Gazprom and SIBUR on Wednesday  Russian Railways on March 25 and Polyus Gold on March 28  the same day Russia is due to make its next international bond payment.The Russian finance ministry made a $117 million and a $66 million Eurobond coupon payment recently  with foreign bondholders receiving their funds.Kommersant daily newspaper  citing a source at a large brokerage firm  said on Wednesday that some Russian holders of sovereign Eurobonds had not received coupon payments.The finance ministry did not reply to a request for a comment.(Reporting by Reuters; additional reporting by Karin Strohecker and Marc Jones in London; Editing by Alexander Smith),negative,0.02,0.28,0.7,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['Russian corporate Eurobond holders', 'Sanctions', 'payments', 'next international bond payment', '$66 million Eurobond coupon payment', 'hard currency bonds', 'strategic military operation', '2024 loan participation notes', 'customer service department', 'Kommersant daily newspaper', 'large brokerage firm', 'National Settlement Depository', 'four corporate Eurobonds', 'domestic corporate Eurobonds', 'state-owned Russian Railways', 'Russian finance ministry', 'European Union sanctions', 'corporate Eurobond payments', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'payment process', 'international agents', 'international clearing', 'domestic holders', 'international depositories', 'sovereign Eurobonds', 'European regulators', 'Russian holders', 'Russian sovereign', 'Russian securities', 'Russian invasion', 'Russian residents', 'Western sanctions', 'settlement firms', 'Western bondholders', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'last month', 'external debt', 'fertilizer producer', 'top steelmaker', 'foreign noteholders', 'legal grounds', 'main shareholder', 'Alexey Mordashov', 'grace period', 'Dmitry Lesnov', 'Polyus Gold', 'foreign bondholders', 'additional reporting', 'Karin Strohecker', 'Marc Jones', 'Alexander Smith', 'Russian companies', 'coupon payments', 'manual’ processing', 'interest payments', 'separate statement', 'Reuters requests', 'delays', 'transactions', 'NSD', 'countersanctions', 'Moscow', 'transit', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ownership', 'assets', 'cash', 'exchanges', 'banks', 'trades', 'response', 'Ukraine', 'orders', 'need', 'clarifications', 'comment', 'coupons', 'year-end', 'steelmakers', 'NLMK', 'Severstal', 'Eurochem', 'Tuesday', 'fact', 'Feb.', 'trouble', 'LPN', 'Citibank', 'Wednesday', 'source', 'curbs', 'head', 'Finam', 'company', 'days', 'Gazprom', 'SIBUR', 'March', 'funds', 'London', 'Editing']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,kfgo.com
1287,Euroclear,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/annual-general-meeting-alfa-laval-144700832.html,Annual General Meeting in Alfa Laval AB (publ),1 day ago,LUND  Sweden  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Alfa Laval AB (publ) (Registration number 556587-8054 and registered office in Lund) are given notice to the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday  April 26  2022The Annual General Meeting of Alfa Laval AB will be held on Tuesday  April 26  2022  at 4.00 p.m. CET at Scandic Star Lund  Gastelyckan  Glimmervägen 5  Lund  Sweden. Registration starts at 3.30 p.m. Coffee will be served at the venue from 3.00 p.m.Alfa Laval follows the guidelines on the Covid-19 Pandemic issued by the Swedish Public Health Organization at any given time. Any changes that will affect the general meeting will be published on Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/. Shareholders showing any symptoms are kindly requested to refrain from attending the general meeting in person.The company's CEO presentation will be published on Alfa Laval's website http://www.alfalaval.se/investerare/ after the general meeting.Right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and notice of participationA shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting mustbe recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on April 14  2022  and notice participation as follows below.A shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by advance voting must notify its intention to participate in the general meeting by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Advance Voting below  so that the advance vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than April 20  2022.A shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy  must notify participation at the latest April 20  2022  to Euroclear Sweden AB. Notification of participation can either be made by phone to +46 8 402 91 98  Monday to Friday 9:00 a.m. to 4.00 p.m.  or on the website https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy . Please state  name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying advisor(s) (maximum two).Story continuesNominee-registered sharesIn addition to providing notification of participation as described above  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on April 14  2022. The registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures. This means that the shareholder must notify the nominee in ample time. Voting right registrations completed no later than the second banking day after April 14  2022  is considered when preparing the register of shareholders.Advance VotingA special form for advance voting (postal voting) must be used. The form is available on Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/ under information about the Annual General Meeting. The completed voting form can either be sent by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or by mail to Alfa Laval AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. The advance vote must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than April 20  2022. A shareholder can also exercise its voting right electronically through Bank-ID verification. Further instructions can be found at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy . A shareholder who casts its advance vote electronically must submit the vote no later than April 20  2022. No special instructions  conditions  or other additions may be provided to the advance vote. An advance voting form containing any special instructions or conditions will make the vote invalid in its entirety. For further instructions and conditions  please see the form for advance voting.If a shareholder votes in advance as well as notifies its participation at the venue in person  the advance vote remains valid to the extent that the shareholder does not participate in a voting during the general meeting or otherwise withdraws the submitted advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting during the general meeting  the cast vote will replace the previously submitted advance vote on the item in question.For any questions regarding the advance voting or to request a voting form sent by mail  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB on telephone +46 8 402 91 98 (Monday to Friday 9.00 a.m. to 4.00 p.m.).Proxy etc.Shareholders who vote in advance by proxy must enclose a written and dated proxy together with the completed voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority must be enclosed as well.If a shareholder is represented by a proxy at the venue  a written and dated proxy  as well as a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority  should be sent by mail to Alfa Laval AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm well in advance of the general meeting and must otherwise be brought to the general meeting.A proxy form is available at Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the Annual General Meeting.2. Election of Chairman for the general meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting register.4. Approval of the agenda for the general meeting.5. Election of one or two persons to attest the minutes.6. Determination whether the general meeting has been duly convened.7. Statement by the CEO.8. Presentation of the annual report and the Auditor's report  as well as the consolidated annual report and the Auditor's report for the group  and the Auditor's report regarding compliance with the applicable Executive Remuneration Policy.9. Resolution ona. the adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b. allocation of the company's profit according to the adopted balance sheet  and record date for distribution of profits; andc. discharge from liability for members of the Board of Directors and the CEO.10. Presentation of the Board of Directors' remuneration report for approval.11. Determination of the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the general meeting as well as the number of Auditors and deputy Auditors.12. Determination of compensation to the Board of Directors and the Auditors.13. Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors  other members of the Board of Directors and deputy members of the Board of Directors  as well as Auditors and deputy Auditors.14. Resolution on reduction of the share capital by cancellation of shares in the company and on increase of the share capital through a bonus issue.15. Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to decide on purchase of shares in the company.16. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Proposed resolutionsItem 2The Nomination Committee proposes that the Chairman of the Board of Directors  Dennis Jönsson  is appointed Chairman of the 2022 Annual General Meeting.Item 9 (b)The Board of Directors proposes a distribution of profits in an amount of SEK 6 per share for 2021. Record date for the right to receive dividend is proposed to be April 28  2022. If the general meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  Euroclear Sweden AB is expected to pay the dividend on May 3  2022.Item 11 -13The Nomination Committee proposes as follows.Item 11: The number of members of the Board of Directors  who are elected by the general meeting  is proposed to be reduced by one person and thus consist of eight elected members with no deputies. Both the number of Auditors and the number of deputy Auditors are proposed to be two.Item 12: The compensation to the Board of Directors is proposed to be SEK 6 345 000 (SEK 6 770 000). The compensation is to be distributed among the members of the Board who are elected by the general meeting and not employed by the company  as follows:Chairman of the Board of Directors SEK 1 900 000(SEK 1 850 000) Other members of the Board of Directors SEK 635 000(SEK 615 000)In addition to the above proposed compensation  it is also proposed that additional compensation shall be distributed to the elected members of the Board who also hold a position in any of the Committees as follows below:Additional compensation to the Chairman of the Audit Committee SEK 300 000(SEK 250 000) Additional compensation to other members of the Audit Committee SEK 150 000 (SEK 150 000) Additional compensation to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee SEK 75 000 (SEK 75 000) Additional compensation to other members of the Remuneration Committee SEK 75 000 (SEK 75 000)Bracketed figures refer to compensation for year 2021. Please note that the total amount proposed for 2022 includes compensation for eight members of the Board compared to nine members in 2021.Compensation to the Auditors is proposed to be paid as per approved invoice.Item 13: The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Lilian Fossum Biner  Maria Moræus Hanssen  Dennis Jönsson  Henrik Lange  Ray Mauritsson  Finn Rausing  Jörn Rausing and Ulf Wiinberg  for the time up to the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023. Dennis Jönsson is proposed to be re-appointed as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Information on all members proposed as Board members and the Nomination Committee's reasoned statement are available at Alfa Laval's website  https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/ .In accordance with the Remuneration Committee's recommendation  the Nomination Committee proposes that the authorized public accountants Staffan Landén and Karoline Tedevall are re-elected as the company's Auditors for the forthcoming year  thus for the time up to the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023. The Nomination Committee further proposes that the authorized public accountants Henrik Jonzén and Andreas Mast are re-elected as the company's deputy Auditors for the forthcoming year  thus for the time up to the end of the 2023 Annual General Meeting.Item 14The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to reduce the share capital by cancellation of the 5 579 492 shares that currently have been repurchased under Alfa Laval AB's share buy-back program. The Board of Directors proposes that the reduction amount is transferred to the company's non-restricted equity  whereby the share capital is reduced by SEK 14 854 300.To restore the share capital after the reduction of the share capital  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting simultaneously resolves to increase the share capital by SEK 14 854 300 by way of a bonus issue without issuing new shares. The reduction amount is proposed to be transferred from the company's non-restricted equity.The Board of Director's report in accordance with Chapter 20  Section 13 of the Swedish Companies Act:The effect of the Board of Directors' proposal on reduction of the share capital is that the company's share capital and restricted equity will be reduced by SEK 14 854 300. The effect of the Board of Directors' proposal regarding increase of the share capital by way of a bonus issue is that the share capital and restricted equity will be increased by SEK 14 854 300. Thus  the combined effect is that neither the company's share capital nor the restricted equity is reduced. The auditors' statement in accordance with Chapter 20  Section 14 of the Swedish companies Act is included in the material for the Annual General Meeting.Item 15The Board of Directors proposes authorization to the Board of Directors to decide to purchase shares in the company as follows.The Board of Directors is authorized  during a period up until the Annual General Meeting 2023  to purchase shares in the company on as many occasions as it deems appropriate  however  only to the extent that the company's holding at no time exceeds five percent of the shares in the company that are not repurchased. Purchase shall be made on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price per share within the prevailing price interval. The purpose of the authorization is to give the Board the possibility to adjust the capital structure of the company until the next Annual General Meeting  after which the Board intends to propose that repurchased shares are cancelled and that a corresponding bonus issue of shares is initiated to restore the size of the share capital.Available documentsThe annual report and other basis for the resolutions  including the Nomination Committee's proposals and its reasoned statement  will be available on the company's website  www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/  no later than April 5  2022.Number of shares and votes in the companyAt the date of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in the company is 419 456 315. All shares are of the same class. Alfa Laval's holding of own shares amounts to 5 579 492 shares as of March 18  2022.Information at the Annual General MeetingThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and if the Board of Directors considers that this is possible without significant harm to the company  give information on circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the financial situation of the company or its subsidiaries and the company's relationship with another group company.Processing of personal dataFor information regarding the company's processing of personal data and shareholders rights  please see the Privacy Policy at: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf or contact the company at the following email address: dataprivacy@alfalaval.com.Lund  March 2022ALFA LAVAL AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsAlfa LavalBox 73 221 00 LUND+46 46 36 65 00+46 46 30 50 90http://www.alfalaval.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/alfa-laval/r/annual-general-meeting-in-alfa-laval-ab--publ- c3529881The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/905/3529881/1551936.pdf Notice to attend AGM 2022CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/annual-general-meeting-in-alfa-laval-ab-publ-301507943.htmlSOURCE Alfa Laval,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.2,0.22,0.58,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Alfa Laval AB', 'Swedish Public Health Organization', 'accompanying advisor(s', 'second banking day', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Alfa Laval AB', 'Scandic Star Lund', 'corporate registration number', 'voting right registration', 'advance voting form', 'Glimmervägen', 'Covid-19 Pandemic', 'CEO presentation', 'right registrations', 'postal voting', 'Bank-ID verification', 'other additions', 'legal entity', 'special form', 'cast vote', 'advance vote', 'share register', 'Further instructions', 'special instructions', 'telephone number', 'ample time', 'equivalent certificate', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'latest April', 'anmalan.vpc', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'office', 'notice', 'Tuesday', 'CET', 'Gastelyckan', 'Coffee', 'venue', 'guidelines', 'changes', 'website', 'alfalaval', 'investors', 'corporate-governance', 'symptoms', 'person', 'participation', 'circumstances', 'intention', 'accordance', 'heading', 'proxy', 'Notification', 'Friday', '9:00 a', 'state', 'name', 'address', 'Story', 'procedures', 'information', 'email', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'extent', 'item', 'question', 'Monday', '9.00 a', 'written', 'dated', 'incorporation', 'authority', '4.00', '3.30', '3.00']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1288,Euroclear,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-assa-131200648.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in ASSA ABLOY AB,8 hours ago,"STOCKHOLM  March 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of ASSA ABLOY AB (Reg. No. 556059-3575) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 27 April 2022 at 3.30 p.m.  at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Nils Ericsons Plan 4  Stockholm  Sweden.Registration for the Annual General Meeting starts at 2.30 p.m. The shareholders will also have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights by postal voting prior to the Annual General Meeting in accordance with temporary legislation.Right to participate and notificationParticipation at the meeting venueShareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy must:be recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 19 April 2022  andgive notice of their participation to ASSA ABLOY AB no later than Thursday 21 April 2022. Notice of participation shall be given on the company's website www.assaabloy.com  by telephone +46 8-402 90 71 or in writing by mail to ASSA ABLOY AB  ""2022 Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden.The notification must state name  personal or corporate identification number  address  telephone number and names of any assistants attending. An entrance card  to be shown at the registration for the Annual General Meeting  will be sent as confirmation of the notification.If the shareholder is represented by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be enclosed to the notification and be presented in original at the latest at the Annual General Meeting. Proxy form is available upon request and on the company's website www.assaabloy.com. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or equivalent authorization document must be enclosed.Participation by postal votingShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting must:be recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 19 April 2022  andgive notice of their participation to ASSA ABLOY AB no later than Thursday 21 April 2022 by submitting their postal votes in accordance with the instructions below so that the postal vote is received by ASSA ABLOY AB c/o Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.Story continuesA person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions under the heading Participation at the meeting venue above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a person who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The postal voting form is available on the company's website www.assaabloy.com. The completed and signed postal voting form shall be sent to ASSA ABLOY AB  ""2022 Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. The completed and signed form may alternatively be submitted electronically and is then to be sent to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. Shareholders can also submit their postal votes electronically by verifying with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/. The postal vote must be received by ASSA ABLOY AB c/o Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Thursday 21 April 2022.The shareholder may not provide the postal vote with special instructions or conditions. If so  the vote (in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the postal voting form.If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be enclosed with the postal voting form. Proxy form is available upon request and on the company's website www.assaabloy.com. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or equivalent authorization document must be enclosed with the postal voting form.Nominee registered sharesShareholders whose shares are nominee registered through a bank or other nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation  request that their shares be temporarily registered in their own name in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (so called voting right registration) in order to be entitle to participate in the Annual General Meeting. The shareholders' register for the General Meeting as of the record date Tuesday 19 April 2022 will take into account voting right registrations completed no later than Thursday 21 April 2022. Shareholders concerned must  in accordance with each nominee's routines  request that the nominee makes such voting right registration well in advance of that date.Agenda1. Opening of the Annual General Meeting.2. Election of Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of two persons to check the Annual General Meeting minutes.6. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened.7. Speech by the President and CEO  Mr. Nico Delvaux.8. Presentation of:a) the Annual Report and the Auditor's Report as well as the Consolidated Accounts and the Auditor's Report for the Group b) the Auditor's statement regarding whether the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives adopted on the previous Annual General Meeting have been complied with  andc) the Board of Directors proposal regarding distribution of profits and motivated statement.9. Resolutions regarding:a) adoption of the Statement of Income and the Balance Sheet as well as the Consolidated Statement of Income and the Consolidated Balance Sheet b) dispositions of the company's profit according to the adopted Balance Sheet  andc) discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO.10. Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors.11. Determination of:a) fees to the Board of Directors b) fees to the Auditor.12. Election of Board of Directors  Chairman of the Board of Directors and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors.13. Election of Auditor.14. Resolution on approval of remuneration report.15. Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to senior executives.16. Resolution regarding authorization to repurchase and transfer Series B shares in the company.17. Resolution regarding long-term incentive program.18. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Item 2 – Election of Chairman of the Annual General MeetingThe Nomination Committee  appointed in accordance with the instructions for the Nomination Committee resolved by the 2018 Annual General Meeting and consisting of Chairman Johan Hjertonsson (Investment AB Latour)  Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  Marianne Nilsson (Swedbank Robur Fonder)  Liselott Ledin (Alecta) and Yvonne Sörberg (Handelsbanken Fonder)  proposes that Lars Renström is elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 9 b) – Disposition of the company's profit according to the adopted Balance SheetThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 4.20 per share. In order to facilitate a more efficient cash management  the dividend is proposed to be paid in two equal installments  the first with the record date Friday 29 April 2022 and the second with the record date Tuesday 22 November 2022. If the proposal is adopted by the Annual General Meeting  the first installment is estimated to be paid on Wednesday 4 May 2022 and the second installment on Friday 25 November 2022.The Board of Directors has presented a motivated statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act  the statement is available at the company and on the company's website www.assaabloy.com.Items 10-13 – Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors  determination of fees to the Board of Directors and the Auditor as well as election of Board of Directors  Chairman of the Board of Directors  Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves as follows.- The number of members of the Board of Directors shall be nine.- The Nomination Committee has in its work regarding Board fees compared the fees to the Board of Directors with Board fees among comparable companies in Sweden and internationally. Based on this and the fact that the Board of Directors is proposed to expand and include one more member  a raise of the fees to the Board of Directors is proposed  meaning that the fees shall amount to a total of SEK 9 995 000 (remuneration for committee work not included) which shall be distributed among the members of the Board of Directors as follows; SEK 2 900 000 to the Chairman  SEK 1 075 000 to the Vice Chairman and SEK 860 000 to each of the other members of the Board of Directors elected by the Annual General Meeting. As remuneration for the committee work  the Chairman of the Audit Committee is to receive SEK 340 000  the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee SEK 160 000  members of the Audit Committee (the Chairman excluded) SEK 235 000 each  and member of the Remuneration Committee (the Chairman excluded) SEK 80 000.- Fees to the Auditor according to contract.- Re-election of Lars Renström  Carl Douglas  Johan Hjertonsson  Sofia Schörling Högberg  Eva Karlsson  Lena Olving  Joakim Weidemanis and Susanne Pahlén Åklundh as members of the Board of Directors.- Election of Erik Ekudden as new member of the Board of Directors.- Re-election of Lars Renström as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Carl Douglas as Vice Chairman.- Re-election of the registered audit firm Ernst & Young AB as Auditor for the time period until the end of the 2023 Annual General Meeting  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation. Ernst & Young AB has notified that  provided that the Nomination Committee's proposal is adopted by the Annual General Meeting  authorized public accountant Hamish Mabon will remain appointed as auditor in charge.Erik Ekudden is born 1968 and holds a Master of Science in Electrical Engineering. Erik is since 2018 Senior Vice President  Chief Technology Officer and Head of Group Function Technology at Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson. Previously he has held a number of management positions within the Ericsson Group. Erik is a Fellow of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences (IVA) and board member of IVA's Business Executives Council (IVAs Näringslivsråd) as well as a member of the Broadband Commission for Sustainable Development.More detailed information regarding the proposed members of the Board of Directors can be found in the Nomination Committee's proposal which is available at the company's website www.assaabloy.com.Item 14 – Resolution on approval of remuneration reportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 15 – Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to senior executivesScopeThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the following guidelines for the remuneration and other employment conditions of the President and CEO and other members of the ASSA ABLOY Executive Team (the ""Executive Team"").These guidelines are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the 2022 Annual General Meeting. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the General Meeting.Employment conditions of a member of the Executive Team that is employed or resident outside Sweden or that is not a Swedish citizen  may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.Promotion of ASSA ABLOY's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityOne of the strategies for value creation followed by ASSA ABLOY is Evolution through people. With the objective that ASSA ABLOY shall continue to be able to recruit and retain competent employees  the basic principle being that remuneration and other employment conditions shall be offered on market conditions and be competitive  taking into account both global remuneration practice and practice in the home country of each member of the Executive Team. These guidelines enable ASSA ABLOY to offer the Executive Team a total remuneration that is on market conditions and competitive. Prerequisites are thereby established for successful implementation of the Group's business strategy  which on overall level is to lead the trend towards the world's most innovative and well-designed access solutions  as well as safeguarding ASSA ABLOY's long-term interests  including its sustainability. More information about ASSA ABLOY's business strategy and ASSA ABLOY's sustainability report is available on ASSA ABLOY's website assaabloy.com.ASSA ABLOY has on-going share-based long-term incentive programs in place that have been resolved by the General Meeting and which are therefore excluded from these guidelines. Future share-based long-term incentive programs proposed by the Board of Directors and submitted to the General Meeting for approval will be excluded for the same reason. The purpose of the share-based long-term incentive program is to strengthen ASSA ABLOY's ability to recruit and retain competent employees  to contribute to ASSA ABLOY providing a total remuneration that is on market conditions and competitive  and to align the interests of the shareholders with the interests of the employees concerned. Through a share-based long-term incentive program  the employees' remuneration is tied to ASSA ABLOY's future earnings and value growth. At present the performance criteria used is linked to earnings per share. The programs are further conditional upon the participant's own investment and holding period of several years. More information about these programs is available on ASSA ABLOY's website assaabloy.com.Types of remunerationThe total yearly remuneration to the members of the Executive Team shall be on market conditions and be competitive and also reflect each member of the Executive Team's responsibility and performance. The total yearly remuneration shall consist of fixed base salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits (which are specified below excluding social security costs). Additionally  the General Meeting may – and irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration.The variable cash remuneration shall be linked to predetermined and measurable targets  which are further described below  and may amount to not more than 75 percent of the yearly base salary. In order to ensure that the remuneration levels are in line with market conditions and competitive  taking into account the current market conditions in the US  the variable cash remuneration for members of the Executive Team employed in the US may amount to not more than 100 percent of the yearly base salary.Additional variable cash remuneration may be paid in specific cases in the form of remuneration with lump sums  provided that such remuneration is only provided at an individual basis for the purpose of recruiting senior executives. Such remuneration may not exceed an amount corresponding to 100 percent of the yearly base salary and the maximum variable cash remuneration  and may not be paid more than once per year and individual.The members of the Executive Team shall be covered by defined contribution pension plans  for which pension premiums are based on each member's yearly base salary and is paid by ASSA ABLOY during the period of employment. The pension premiums shall amount to not more than 35 percent of the yearly base salary.Other benefits  such as company car  life insurance  extra health insurance or occupational healthcare  should be payable to the extent this is considered to be in line with market conditions in the market concerned for each member of the Executive Team. Premiums and other costs relating to such benefits may totally amount to not more than 10 percent of the yearly base salary. Furthermore  housing allowance benefit may be added in line with ASSA ABLOY's policies and costs relating to such benefit may totally amount to not more than 25 percent of the yearly base salary. Premiums and other costs relating to other benefits and housing allowance benefit may  however  totally amount to not more than 30 percent of the yearly base salary.Criteria for awarding variable cash remunerationThe variable cash remuneration shall be linked to predetermined and measurable financial targets  such as earnings per share (EPS)  earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT)  cash flow and organic growth and can also be linked to strategical and/or functional targets individually adjusted on the basis of responsibility and function. These targets shall be designed so as to contribute to ASSA ABLOY's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being linked to the business strategy or promote the senior executive's long-term development within ASSA ABLOY.The Remuneration Committee shall for the Board of Directors prepare  monitor and evaluate matters regarding variable cash remuneration to the Executive Team. Ahead of each yearly measurement period for the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration the Board of Directors shall  based on the work of the Remuneration Committee  establish which criteria that are deemed to be relevant for the upcoming measurement period. To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be determined when the measurement period has ended. Evaluations regarding fulfilment of financial targets shall be based on determined financial basis for the relevant period.Variable cash remuneration can be paid after the measurement period has ended or be subject to deferred payment. Paid variable cash remuneration can be claimed back when such right follows from general principles of law.Duration of employment and termination of employmentThe members of the Executive Team shall be employed until further notice. If notice of termination is made by ASSA ABLOY  the notice period may not exceed 12 months for the CEO and 6 months for the other members of the Executive Team. If the CEO is given notice  ASSA ABLOY is liable to pay  including severance pay and remuneration under the notice period  the equivalent of maximum 24 months' base salary and other employment benefits. If any other member of the Executive Team is given notice  ASSA ABLOY is liable to pay a maximum of 6 months' base salary and other employment benefits plus severance pay amounting to a maximum of an additional 12 months' base salary. If notice of termination is made by a member of the Executive Team  the notice period may not exceed 6 months  with no right to severance pay.A member of the Executive Team may  for such time when the member is not entitled to severance pay  be compensated for non-compete undertakings. Such compensation shall amount to not more than 60 percent of the monthly base salary at the time of the termination and shall only be paid as long as the non-compete undertaking is applicable  at longest a period of 12 months.Remuneration and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  remuneration and employment conditions for employees of ASSA ABLOY have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total remuneration  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time in the Remuneration Committee's and the Board of Directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Remuneration Committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' decision to propose guidelines for remuneration to the Executive Team. The Board of Directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the Annual General Meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the General Meeting. The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration to the Executive Team  the application of the guidelines for remuneration to the Executive Team as well as the applicable remuneration structures and remuneration levels in ASSA ABLOY. The members of the Remuneration Committee are independent of the company and its management. The CEO and other members of the Executive Team do not participate in the Board of Directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Deviation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to deviate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the deviation and a deviation is necessary to serve ASSA ABLOY's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure ASSA ABLOY's financial viability. As set out above  the Remuneration Committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to deviate from the guidelines.Description of material changes of the guidelines and how the views of shareholders' have been taken into considerationThese guidelines  which are proposed for the 2022 Annual General Meeting  correspond to a large extent with the guidelines resolved upon by the 2020 Annual General Meeting. However  in the guidelines now proposed  an option to pay additional variable cash remuneration has been introduced and  in addition  the maximum level for variable cash remuneration for members of the Executive Team employed in the US has been adjusted. Please be referred to the section ""Types of remuneration"" above.No comments or questions on the remuneration guidelines have emerged in connection with general meeting proceedings.Item 16 – Resolution regarding authorization to repurchase and transfer Series B shares in the companyThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to pass a resolution  on one or more occasions for the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  on repurchasing Series B shares in the company in accordance with the following.- The repurchase may as a maximum comprise so many Series B shares that the company after each repurchase holds a maximum of 10 percent of the total number of shares in the company.- The repurchase of Series B shares shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm.- The repurchase of Series B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price.- Payment of the Series B shares shall be made in cash.Furthermore  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to pass a resolution  on one or more occasions for the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  on transferring Series B shares in the company in accordance with the following.- The maximum number of Series B shares to be transferred may not exceed the number of shares held by the company at the time of the Board of Directors resolution.- Transfers of Series B shares shall take place:(i) on Nasdaq Stockholm  or(ii) in connection with acquisition of companies or businesses  on market terms.- Transfers of Series B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price.- The authorization includes the right to resolve on deviation of the preferential rights of shareholders and that payment may be made in other forms than cash.The purpose of the authorizations is to make possible the ability for the Board of Directors to continuously adapt the company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value  to be able to exploit attractive acquisition opportunities by fully or partly financing future acquisitions with the company's own shares  and to ensure the company's undertakings  including social security costs  in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal for a long-term incentive program under Item 17.The Board of Directors has presented a motivated statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act  the statement is available at the company and on the company's website www.assaabloy.com.The proposal in this Item 16 requires an approval of shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting to be valid.Item 17 – Resolution regarding long-term incentive programSummary of the programThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement a new long-term incentive program for senior executives and key employees within the ASSA ABLOY Group (LTI 2022). LTI 2022 is based on similar principles as LTI 2019  LTI 2020 and LTI 2021.LTI 2022 is proposed to include a maximum of 150 senior executives and key employees within the ASSA ABLOY Group. In order to participate in LTI 2022 the participants will have to hold Series B shares in ASSA ABLOY within the scope of LTI 2022 (saving shares). For every saving share held  the company will grant so called performance awards free-of-charge in accordance with the terms stipulated below.The rationale for the proposalThe purpose of LTI 2022 is to strengthen the ASSA ABLOY Group's ability to retain and recruit competent employees  to contribute to ASSA ABLOY providing a total remuneration that is on market conditions and competitive  and to align the interests of the shareholders with the interests of the employees concerned. Through a share-based long-term incentive program  the employees' remuneration is tied to ASSA ABLOY's future earnings and value growth. In light of the above  the Board of Directors believes that the implementation of LTI 2022 will have a positive effect on the long-term value growth of the Group  including its sustainability  and consequently that LTI 2022 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Personal investment in saving sharesIn order to participate in LTI 2022  the participants will have to hold saving shares. The saving shares can either be Series B shares in ASSA ABLOY that have vested or been used as saving shares under LTI 2019 or previous years' long-term incentive programs  or Series B shares in ASSA ABLOY purchased on the market in connection with the notification to participate in LTI 2022.The personal investment shall amount to a value corresponding to a minimum of 5 percent (all participants) and a maximum of 15 percent (CEO and other senior executives) or 10 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participant's fixed base salary. If the participant has access to inside information and is therefore prevented from making the personal investment in connection with the application to participate in LTI 2022  the personal investment shall be made as soon as possible  but no later than before the next Annual General Meeting.For employees who have not participated in previous LTI programs  the participation in LTI 2022 is  in addition  subject to renunciation of customary salary review for the year 2022.Participants in LTI 2022 and allocationLTI 2022 is proposed to include a maximum of 150 senior executives and key employees within the ASSA ABLOY Group  divided in three categories.For each saving share that the CEO of the Group holds under LTI 2022  the company will grant six performance awards. For each saving share that other senior executives (currently eight individuals) hold under LTI 2022  each such individual will be awarded five performance awards. For each saving share that other participants (approximately 140 individuals) hold under LTI 2022  each such individual will be awarded four performance awards.Performance conditionThe number of performance awards that gives right to receive Series B shares in the company depends on the annual development of ASSA ABLOY's earnings per share[1] based on the target levels  as defined by the Board of Directors  during the measurement period 1 January 2022 – 31 December 2024  where each year during the measurement period is compared to the previous year. The outcome is calculated yearly  whereby one third of the performance awards is measured against the outcome for 2022  one third is measured against the outcome for 2023 and one third is measured against the outcome for 2024.The outcome for each year is measured linearly. Unless the minimum level is achieved for the year  none of the relevant performance awards will give right to Series B shares  and if the maximum level is achieved each performance award linked to the relevant year will give right to one Series B share. The Board of Directors intends to present the fulfilment of the performance based condition in the Annual Report for the financial year 2024.Other conditionsIn addition to the above conditions  the following shall apply for the performance awards.- The performance awards shall be granted free-of-charge after the 2022 Annual General Meeting.- Each performance award entitles the holder to receive one Series B share free-of-charge three years after allotment of the award (vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  at the time of the release of the interim report for the first quarter 2025 still is employed by the ASSA ABLOY Group and has maintained the saving shares held under LTI 2022.- To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  the company will compensate the participants for distributed dividend during the vesting period by increasing the number of Series B shares that each performance award gives right to after the vesting period.- The performance awards are non-transferable and may not be pledged.- The performance awards can be granted by the company or by any other company within the Group.Preparation and administrationThe Board of Directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTI 2022  in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The Board of Directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the ASSA ABLOY Group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTI 2022 no longer are appropriate.In the event that the Board of Directors considers that the delivery of Series B shares under LTI 2022 cannot be achieved at reasonable cost  with reasonable administrative efforts or due to specific market conditions  participants may instead be offered a cash settlement.Scope and cost of the programLTI 2022 may  if the share price for the company's Series B share remains the same during the program's term  result in a maximum amount corresponding to 90 percent (CEO)  75 percent (other senior executives) or 40 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participants annual base salary (excluding social security costs). Such outcome is subject to a maximum personal investment  meaning that the participant must hold saving shares at a value that corresponds to 15 percent (CEO and other senior executives) or 10 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participants annual base salary and that the performance based condition has been fully achieved. Full vesting is further subject to the saving shares being retained and that the participant  with some exceptions  is still employed during the vesting period.The total number of saving shares  which corresponds to the participant's total maximum personal investment  and thus the total number of performance awards being allotted  depends on the share price for the company's Series B share at the time of allotment of performance awards under LTI 2022. The total number of outstanding shares in the company amounts to 1 112 576 334 shares.Provided that the share price for the company's Series B share is traded at aroundSEK 265 at the time of allotment of performance awards under LTI 2022  LTI 2022 will  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  comprise a maximum of 650 000 Series B shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 0.1 percent of the total outstanding shares and votes in the company.LTI 2022 shall be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period. Provided that the performance based condition is fully achieved  the cost for LTI 2022 before tax is  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  estimated to approximately SEK 160 million  allocated over the vesting period. Estimated social security costs and financing cost are included in such amount.The costs are expected to have marginal effect on key ratios of the ASSA ABLOY Group.The Board of Directors deems that the positive effects on earnings that are expected to result from increased share ownership among senior executives and persons in senior managerial positions  which may be further increased through LTI 2022  outweighs the costs related to LTI 2022.Delivery of shares under LTI 2022To ensure the delivery of Series B shares under LTI 2022  the company intends to enter into an agreement with a third party  under which the third party shall  in its own name  buy and transfer Series B shares in the company to the participants in accordance with LTI 2022.Preparation of the proposalLTI 2022 has been initiated by the Board of Directors of ASSA ABLOY  and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of previous incentive programs. LTI 2022 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings of the Board of Directors.Previous incentive programsThe company's other share-based incentive programs LTI 2019  LTI 2020 and LTI 2021 are based on the similar principles as LTI 2022. For a description of LTI 2019  LTI 2020 and LTI 2021  reference is made to the Annual Report 2021  Note 34  and the company's website www.assaabloy.com.Shares and votesThe total number of shares in the company at the time for the notice to the Annual General Meeting amount to 1 112 576 334 shares  of which 57 525 969 are Series A shares and 1 055 050 365 Series B shares  which is equivalent to a total of 1 630 310 055 votes. ASSA ABLOY AB is holding at the time of the notice to the Annual General Meeting  1 800 000 own Series B shares  corresponding to 1 800 000 votes that may not be represented at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders' right to request informationThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  at the Annual General Meeting provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the company's relation to other companies within the Group and the Group accounts.Documentation etc.The Annual Report and the Auditor's Report  the Board of Directors' remuneration report and all other supporting documentation for the Annual General Meeting are available at the company and on the company's website www.assaabloy.com no later than three weeks before the Annual General Meeting.Further  the Nomination Committee's complete proposals including motivated statement  are available at the company and on the company's website www.assaabloy.com no later than four weeks before the Annual General Meeting.Copies of the documents will be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their address to the company.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see:https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfThis notice is a translation of the Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Welcome!Stockholm in March 2022The Board of DirectorsASSA ABLOY AB (publ)For more information  please contact:Nico Delvaux  President and CEO  tel. no: +46 8 506 485 82Erik Pieder  CFO and Executive Vice President  tel. no: +46 8 506 485 72Björn Tibell  Head of Investor Relations  tel. no: +46 70 275 67 68About ASSA ABLOYThe ASSA ABLOY Group is the global leader in access solutions. The Group operates worldwide with 51 000 employees and sales of SEK 95 billion. The Group has leading positions in areas such as efficient door openings  trusted identities and entrance automation. ASSA ABLOY's innovations enable safe  secure and convenient access to physical and digital places. Every day  we help billions of people experience a more open world.[1] Earnings per share is defined as the company's earnings per share after tax and dilution  excluding items affecting comparability and currency effects.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/assa-abloy/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-assa-abloy-ab c3530678The following files are available for download:",neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.19,0.15,0.66,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'ASSA ABLOY AB', 'Notice', 'Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre', 'Annual General Meeting minutes', 'ASSA ABLOY AB', 'Nils Ericsons Plan', 'P.O. Box', 'equivalent authorization document', 'Mr. Nico Delvaux', '2022 Annual General Meeting', 'corporate identification number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'voting right registrations', 'postal voting form', 'Nominee registered shares', 'meeting venue', 'voting rights', 'voting list', 'special form', 'postal votes', 'Wednesday 27 April', 'temporary legislation', 'share register', 'Tuesday 19 April', 'Thursday 21 April', 'telephone number', 'entrance card', 'dated power', 'legal entity', 'two persons', 'Proxy form', 'other nominee', 'state name', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'record date', ""shareholders' register"", 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Reg.', 'opportunity', 'accordance', 'notification', 'Participation', 'notice', 'company', 'website', 'assaabloy', 'writing', 'mail', 'personal', 'address', 'names', 'assistants', 'confirmation', 'attorney', 'original', 'request', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'Story', 'heading', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'BankID', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'written', 'addition', 'order', 'account', 'routines', 'advance', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'Speech', 'President', 'CEO', '3.30', '2.30']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1289,Euroclear,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nanoform-successfully-completes-share-issue-004700864.html,Nanoform successfully completes new share issue raising EUR 25 million to prepare for GMP manufacturing in the USA,21 hours ago,"HELSINKI  Finland  March 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ --Inside informationNanoform Finland PlcMarch 22  202223:45 Finnish time / 22:45 Swedish timeNanoform successfully completes new share issue raising EUR 25 million to prepare for GMP manufacturing in the USANOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  NEW ZEALAND  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN  HONG KONG  SINGAPORE OR SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.With reference to the new share issue announced on March 22  2022  Nanoform Finland Plc (""Nanoform"" or the ""Company"") is pleased to announce the result of the offering of new shares (the ""Shares"") in an accelerated book building to Nordic and international institutional and other qualified investors (the ""Placing"").Nanoform expects to receive gross proceeds of approximately EUR 25 million as a result of the Placing. The Placing attracted a considerable number of global and Nordic institutional investors. The proceeds from the Placing will be used to accelerate Nanoform's growth strategy with an investment in a new manufacturing site in the United States. The new manufacturing site in the USA  the world's largest pharmaceutical market  is a natural next step for Nanoform  which increases proximity to existing and new customers.In the Placing  the Company will issue a total of 5 581 818 Shares in a directed share issue. The Shares represent approximately 7.7 per cent of the issued shares in Nanoform prior to the Placing and approximately 7.1 per cent of the issued shares in Nanoform following the Placing. The total number of issued shares in the Company after the Placing will be 78 116 964.The subscription price of the Shares is EUR 4.4 per Share (SEK 45.68 per Share)  corresponding to a discount of approximately 8.3 per cent to the closing price on March 22  2022 immediately before the commencement of the Placing. The subscription price shall be recorded in the invested unrestricted equity reserve.Story continuesThe Placing was carried out based on offers received in an accelerated book building and based on the authorisations given to the board of directors by the Company's annual general meeting of April 6  2021.Subject to the completion of the Placing  the Shares (ISIN code FI4000330972) will be registered with the trade register maintained by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office on or about March 23  2022. The Shares are expected to be ready for delivery to the investors against payment through Euroclear Finland Ltd or  as applicable  through Euroclear Sweden AB on or about March 25  2022. Trading in the Shares is expected to commence on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market Finland and Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market Sweden on or about March 25  2022.The Company continues to be committed to the strong execution of its communicated strategy. The Company reached all its near-term targets for 2021 and is on track to deliver both on its near-term business targets for 2022 and its in June 2021 raised mid-term business targets for 2025. The funding from the Company's IPO in 2020 and the directed share issue in March 2021 is still deemed sufficient for the growth strategy then communicated.The CEO of Nanoform  Prof. Edward Hæggström comments: ""We are pleased to see strong demand from new and existing global and Nordic institutional investors. With the raised funds we will accelerate Nanoform's growth strategy with an investment in the US GMP manufacturing  a milestone we have prepared diligently.""Danske Bank and SEB act as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Financial Advisors of the Placing. Borenius Attorneys Ltd is the legal counsel to the Company and to the Joint Bookrunners and Joint Financial Advisors as to Finnish law.Nanoform Finland PlcBoard of directorsThe information in the company release is information that Nanoform is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was sent for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out above  on March 22  2022 at 23:45 Finnish time / 22:45 Swedish time.For further information  please contact:Albert Hæggström  CFOalbert.haeggstrom@nanoform.com / +358 29 370 0150For investor relations queries  please contact:Henri von Haartman  Director of Investor Relationshvh@nanoform.com / +46 7686 650 11About NanoformNanoform is an innovative nanoparticle medicine enabling company. Nanoform works together with pharma and biotech partners globally to provide hope for patients in developing new and improved medicines utilizing Nanoform's platform technologies. The Company focuses on reducing clinical attrition and on enhancing drug molecules' performance through its nanoforming technologies and formulation services. Nanoform's capabilities include GMP manufacturing  and its services span the small to large molecule development space with a focus on solving key issues in drug solubility and bioavailability and on enabling novel drug delivery applications.Nanoform's shares are listed on the Premier-segment of Nasdaq First North Growth Market in Helsinki (ticker: NANOFH) and Stockholm (ticker: NANOFS). Certified Adviser: Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch  +358 40 562 1806. For more information please visit http://www.nanoform.comForward-Looking StatementsThis company release contains forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  statements regarding Nanoform's strategy  business plans and focus. The words may "" ""will "" ""could "" ""would "" ""should "" ""expect "" ""plan "" ""anticipate "" ""intend "" believe "" ""estimate "" ""predict "" ""project "" ""potential "" ""continue "" ""target"" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any forward-looking statements in this company release are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and important factors that may cause actual events or results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements contained in this company release  including  without limitation  any related to Nanoform's business  operations  clinical trials  supply chain  strategy  goals and anticipated timelines and competition from other companies. Nanoform cautions you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date they are made. Nanoform disclaims any obligation to publicly update or revise any such statements to reflect any change in expectations or in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statements may be based  or that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in this company release represent Nanoform's views only as of the date hereof and should not be relied upon as representing its views as of any subsequent date.Important noticeThe distribution of this release may be restricted by law and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The information contained herein is not for publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States  Canada  New Zealand  Australia  Japan  Hong Kong  Singapore or South Africa or in or into any other jurisdiction in which publishing or distributing would be prohibited by applicable law. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. This release is not directed to  and is not intended for distribution to or use by  any person or entity that is a citizen or resident or located in any locality  state  country or other jurisdiction where such distribution  publication  availability or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would require any registration or licensing within such jurisdiction.This announcement and this offering are only addressed to and directed at persons in member states of the European Economic Area (each a ""Relevant State"") who are ""Qualified Investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. The securities are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  Qualified Investors. This announcement should not be acted upon or relied upon in any Relevant State by persons who are not Qualified Investors. For the purposes of this announcement the expression ""Prospectus Regulation"" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.This announcement does not constitute an offer of the securities to the public in the United Kingdom. No prospectus has been or will be approved in the United Kingdom in respect of the securities. This announcement is only being distributed to and is only directed at persons outside the United Kingdom  or persons in the United Kingdom who are ""Qualified Investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the ""EUWA"") who are (i) investment professionals within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the ""Order"") or (ii) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom this announcement may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""Relevant Persons""). This announcement must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this announcement relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.This release does not constitute an offer for sale of securities in the United States. The shares may not be offered or sold within the United States absent of registration or an exemption under the U.S. Securities Act 1933 (as amended). The Company has not registered and it does not intend to register  any portion of the offering in the United States  and it does not intend to conduct a public offering in the United States.Danske Bank and SEB act only for and on behalf of Nanoform Finland Plc in connection of the share issue. Danske Bank and SEB do not hold any other party as its client or cannot be held accountable to advise other parties than Nanoform Finland Plc with regards to the share issue or other matters referred here to.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/nanoform/r/nanoform-successfully-completes-new-share-issue-raising-eur-25-million-to-prepare-for-gmp-manufactur c3530331The following files are available for download:SOURCE Nanoform",neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,mixed,0.38,0.22,0.4,True,English,"['new share issue', 'GMP manufacturing', 'Nanoform', 'USA', 'Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market Sweden', 'Prof. Edward Hæggström', 'innovative nanoparticle medicine enabling company', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Albert Hæggström', 'large molecule development space', 'novel drug delivery applications', 'largest pharmaceutical market', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'natural next step', 'unrestricted equity reserve', 'annual general meeting', 'Borenius Attorneys Ltd', 'investor relations queries', 'Henri von Haartman', 'Investor Relations hvh', ""drug molecules' performance"", 'mid-term business targets', 'Joint Financial Advisors', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'near-term business targets', 'accelerated book building', 'other qualified investors', 'US GMP manufacturing', 'new manufacturing site', 'Nordic institutional investors', 'new share issue', 'Nanoform Finland Plc', 'growth strategy', 'near-term targets', 'CFO albert', 'drug solubility', 'international institutional', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'new customers', '45 Finnish time', '22:45 Swedish time', 'UNITED STATES', 'HONG KONG', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'considerable number', '7.7 per cent', '7.1 per cent', 'subscription price', '8.3 per cent', 'closing price', 'ISIN code', 'trade register', 'Finnish Patent', 'Registration Office', 'strong execution', 'strong demand', 'Danske Bank', 'legal counsel', 'Finnish law', 'contact persons', 'biotech partners', 'improved medicines', 'platform technologies', 'clinical attrition', 'nanoforming technologies', 'small to', 'key issues', 'The Company', 'gross proceeds', 'total number', 'formulation services', 'new shares', 'company release', 'The Shares', 'existing global', 'The Placing', '5,581,818 Shares', 'HELSINKI', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'information', 'USA', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'SINGAPORE', 'reference', 'result', 'offering', 'investment', 'world', 'proximity', 'SEK', 'discount', 'commencement', 'Story', 'offers', 'authorisations', 'board', 'directors', 'April', 'completion', 'payment', 'Trading', 'track', 'June', 'funding', 'IPO', 'CEO', 'funds', 'milestone', 'SEB', 'agency', 'haeggstrom', 'hope', 'patients', 'capabilities', 'focus', 'bioavailability']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1290,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.donga.com/en/article/all/20220323/3267352/1,Evidence shows China helped Russia hide $80 billion in Treasury securities offshore,23 hours ago,Evidence shows China helped Russia hide $80 billion in Treasury securities offshore. March. 23  2022 07:48. weappon@donga.com.With the Joe Biden administration issuing a series of warnings about China’s material support to Russia  Foreign Affairs reported on Tuesday (local time) there are signs that China helped Russia hide billions of dollars in Treasury securities offshore. U.S. President Biden plans to visit Europe on Thursday to discuss countermeasures against China’s support to Russia.Benn Steil  a senior fellow and director of international economics at Council on Foreign Relations (CFR)  and CFR analyst Benjamin Della Rocca argued in the contributing article that Russia may have “secluded up to $80 billion in Treasury securities offshore” in mid-2018 and in late 2021.They pointed out that Russia’s holdings of Treasury securities plunged from $96 billion to $15 billion in 2018  but in fact  Russia only sold about $43 billion of them. During the same period  however  there were rises in holdings of Treasuries in the Cayman Islands and Belgium’s international custodial bank Euroclear  which are the two most notorious tax havens on earth  by $20 billion and $25 billion  respectively.In December last year  when Russia was preparing for an invasion into Ukraine  Euroclear’s Treasury bond holdings surged by $47 billion. According to the article  it coincides with the time  when Russia’s central bank reported an increase of $41 billion in its currency and deposits held at “other national central banks.” Based on this  the article raised a possibility that Russia deposited $41 billion with the People’s Bank of China (PBOC) and the Chinese central bank exchanged it for dollars  allowing Russia to hide the money at Euroclear.“Such an arrangement would explain why the PBOC’s currency and deposits with China-headquartered banks jumped by an unprecedented $13 billion last December ” wrote Steil  pointing out that Russia would be able to withdraw the dollars whenever it pleases.한국어,negative,0.04,0.44,0.52,negative,0.01,0.24,0.74,True,English,"['Treasury securities', 'Evidence', 'China', 'Russia', 'two most notorious tax havens', 'CFR analyst Benjamin Della Rocca', 'U.S. President Biden', 'other national central banks', 'international custodial bank Euroclear', 'Joe Biden administration', 'Chinese central bank', 'Treasury bond holdings', 'international economics', 'China-headquartered banks', 'Treasury securities', 'Foreign Affairs', 'Foreign Relations', 'same period', 'Cayman Islands', 'material support', 'local time', 'Benn Steil', 'contributing article', 'Evidence', 'Russia', 'March', 'donga', 'series', 'warnings', 'Tuesday', 'signs', 'billions', 'dollars', 'Europe', 'Thursday', 'countermeasures', 'senior', 'fellow', 'director', 'Council', 'mid', 'late', 'fact', 'rises', 'Treasuries', 'Belgium', 'earth', 'December', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'increase', 'currency', 'deposits', 'possibility', 'People', 'PBOC', 'money', 'arrangement', 'unprecedented', '한국어']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,donga.com
1291,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NOVOLIPETSK-STEEL-8382818/news/Novolipetsk-Steel-Clarification-regarding-the-coupon-payment-for-the-Loan-Participation-Notes-due-39830937/,Novolipetsk Steel : Clarification regarding the coupon payment for the Loan Participation Notes due 2024,1 day ago,"Novolipetsk Steel (the ""Company"") informs that the scheduled coupon payment under the Loan Participation Notes (XS1577953174) due 2024 (the 'Notes') was successfully processed on 21 March 2022. The Company has duly performed its obligations under the Notes in accordance with their terms.The Company has received a confirmation that foreign noteholders started to receive their coupon payments.However  the coupon payments did not reach the noteholders based in Russia. This is due to the fact that International Central Securities Depositories Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia's National Settlement Depository. We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents.Novolipetsk Steel remains fully committed to perform its obligations towards noteholders irrespective of the jurisdiction. We currently consider alternative ways to deliver the coupon payments to the noteholders based in Russia.About NLMK GroupNLMK Group is the largest steelmaker in Russia and one of the most efficient in the world.NLMK Group's steel products are used in various industries  from construction and machine building to the manufacturing of power-generation equipment and offshore wind turbines.NLMK operates production facilities in Russia  Europe  and the United States. The Company's steel production capacity exceeds 18 million tonnes per year.For more details on NLMK Group  please visit our website.For NLMK Group's photos and corporate videos  please visit our media library.",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['Loan Participation Notes', 'Novolipetsk Steel', 'coupon payment', 'Clarification', 'International Central Securities Depositories', 'National Settlement Depository', 'offshore wind turbines', 'steel production capacity', 'Loan Participation Notes', 'production facilities', 'Novolipetsk Steel', 'steel products', 'coupon payment', 'legal grounds', 'Russian residents', 'alternative ways', 'largest steelmaker', 'various industries', 'machine building', 'power-generation equipment', 'United States', '18 million tonnes', 'corporate videos', 'media library', 'NLMK Group', 'The Company', 'foreign noteholders', 'payments', '21 March', 'obligations', 'accordance', 'terms', 'confirmation', 'fact', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'transactions', 'jurisdiction', 'world', 'construction', 'Europe', 'year', 'details', 'website', 'photos']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,marketscreener.com
1292,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.bnnbloomberg.ca/russia-makes-us-66m-coupon-transfer-as-investors-wait-1.1741066,Russia’s US$66M coupon moves a step closer to bondholders,1 day ago,Foreign holders of Russia’s sovereign bond maturing in 2029 are watching as the latest debt payment from the sanctioned nation draws closer to completion.The US$66 million coupon due March 21 was processed Tuesday by Russia’s National Settlement Depository  it said in a statement. Earlier in the day  the Finance Ministry said it had transferred the cash to the NSD  thus meeting its obligations “in full.” Four bondholders in Europe said they hadn’t received the payment as of 3.40 p.m. in London.From this point  the cash would typically journey to custodian banks  which hold assets for safekeeping  then to bondholders’ accounts. But given the sweeping sanctions in place against Russia following President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine  concerns will remain until the money actually lands in investors’ accounts.Billions of dollars of Russian government and company debt have been put in question after as much as two thirds of the country’s foreign currency reserves were frozen  as well as the overseas assets of numerous billionaires. Russia has at least US$400 million of interest payments coming due over the next 10 weeks  as well as a US$2 billion bond it must repay next month  data compiled by Bloomberg show. Last week  the government paid US$117 million in coupon payments.“Using up their very finite foreign-currency reserves could be a good long term investment -- but that thinking clearly hasn’t been applied to the management of their reputation anywhere else ” said Gordon Shannon  a portfolio manager at TwentyFour Asset Management.FINANCIAL PLUMBINGUnlike the terms of the bonds with coupon payments last week  the March 2029 prospectus has a ruble-fallback option  which allows Russia to make the transfer in its local currency. That’s raised questions about the ultimate denomination of the payment and prompted investors to track it from the start.Russia sent the cash to JPMorgan Chase & Co.  which processed the payment after getting approvals from the U.S. Treasury Department  according to a person familiar with the matter  confirming a Reuters report earlier. Unlike the payment of the previous week  this bond’s prospectus states that the coupon settlement would be done through Russia’s central securities depository and Euroclear  one of the world’s biggest clearing houses. JPMorgan declined to comment earlier.It’s not a process investors typically follow. The back-office moves took center stage after sanctions and capital controls were imposed on Russia  and investors braced for a default. For now  the process is working  and not just for the sovereign.Credit Bank of Moscow  a lender the Russian central bank has designated systemically important  said it fulfilled an obligation to make a US$9.7 million coupon payment on its US$500 million September 2026 bond. Two bondholders  who declined to be named as they aren’t authorized to speak publicly about the matter  said they had received payment.Online lender Tinkoff Bank also paid its debt interest on time on its perpetual dollar-denominated notes. Multiple bondholders confirmed they had received a US$6.94 million coupon due March 15  and a US$9 million coupon due March 20.Corporates and the sovereign have shown willingness to meet their financial obligations -- a relief to investors who thought they wouldn’t see their cash after a presidential decree earlier in the month said some investors could be paid in rubles.The government is “paying because they have significant western assets that creditors would lay a claim on if they go to bankruptcy ” said Phillip Torres  a senior portfolio manager of emerging market debt at Aegon Asset Management in Chicago. “They are going to pay as long as they are able to. There is a real cost in going to bankruptcy that they would want to avoid.”,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.06,0.14,0.8,True,English,"['US$66M coupon', 'Russia', 'bondholders', 'good long term investment', 'U.S. Treasury Department', 'The US$66 million coupon', 'Online lender Tinkoff Bank', 'US$500 million September 2026 bond', 'US$9.7 million coupon payment', 'US$6.94 million coupon', 'US$9 million coupon', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'finite foreign-currency reserves', 'central securities depository', 'biggest clearing houses', 'perpetual dollar-denominated notes', 'US$2 billion bond', 'National Settlement Depository', 'Russian central bank', 'emerging market debt', 'TwentyFour Asset Management', 'Aegon Asset Management', 'foreign currency reserves', 'significant western assets', 'senior portfolio manager', 'latest debt payment', 'coupon settlement', 'Credit Bank', 'coupon payments', 'Foreign holders', 'company debt', 'local currency', 'debt interest', 'Finance Ministry', 'Four bondholders', 'custodian banks', 'bondholders’ accounts', 'two thirds', 'overseas assets', 'numerous billionaires', 'interest payments', 'next 10 weeks', 'Bloomberg show', 'Gordon Shannon', 'FINANCIAL PLUMBING', 'ruble-fallback option', 'ultimate denomination', 'Reuters report', 'previous week', 'back-office moves', 'center stage', 'capital controls', 'Two bondholders', 'Multiple bondholders', 'presidential decree', 'Phillip Torres', 'real cost', 'sovereign bond', 'Russian government', 'sweeping sanctions', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'financial obligations', 'investors’ accounts', 'March 2029 prospectus', 'completion', 'statement', 'day', 'cash', 'NSD', 'Europe', 'London', 'point', 'safekeeping', 'place', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'concerns', 'money', 'Billions', 'dollars', 'question', 'country', 'data', 'thinking', 'reputation', 'terms', 'bonds', 'transfer', 'start', 'Co.', 'approvals', 'person', 'matter', 'Euroclear', 'world', 'process', 'default', 'Moscow', 'time', 'Corporates', 'willingness', 'relief', 'month', 'rubles', 'creditors', 'claim', 'bankruptcy', 'Chicago', '3.40']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,bnnbloomberg.ca
1293,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.metro.us/steel-giant-severstal-scrambles/,Steel giant Severstal scrambles to avoid first major default of Russia-Ukraine crisis – Metro US,"""at-above-post addthis_tool"" data-url="" -Russian steel giant Severstal was racing against the clock on Wednesday to avoid becoming the country’s first major corporate default since the Ukraine crisis began ",(Reuters) -Russian steel giant Severstal was racing against the clock on Wednesday to avoid becoming the country’s first major corporate default since the Ukraine crisis began  with international payment lines snarled by sanctions.Severstal  whose main shareholder Alexey Mordashov is one of a number of wealthy Russians now sanctioned by the European Union  has until the end of the day to get an already overdue $12.6 million loan ‘coupon’ payment to its creditors.A source close to the steel firm said the money had been transferred last week but was yet to be processed and passed on by its paying agent Citibank.“This will technically be the first default since the crisis began to unfold ” Seaport Global credit analyst Himanshu Porwal said.“But people will know it is driven by the way the sanctions have been formulated  rather than the company’s fault ” adding Severstal might find a way to make the payment in the coming days  especially if Mordashov were to cut or relinquish his large stake in the firm  which itself is not sanctioned.With Wednesday’s deadline fast approaching Severstal said it had been in constant discussions about the issues  and that it was looking at an application for special “licences” that may be required to make the payment.The legal terms of the bonds state an “Event of Default” can be formally declared five working days after the March 16 coupon due date.The latest Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that transferring payments on Russian government and corporate bonds has become complex.Previously payments like Severstal’s would have been processed by international clearing houses such as Clearstream or Euroclear  which confirm asset ownership  and also funnel payments for domestic bondholders to Russia’s National Settlement Depository (NSD).However both Euroclear  owned by a group of global exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  have said they will stop settling trades in Russian securities as a result of the EU’s sanctions.Neither Clearstream  Euroclear nor Citigroup responded to requests for comment.DELAYS POSSIBLEA Severstal default would be the first by a major Russian company since Moscow was blanketed by sanctions for what it calls its “special military operation” in Ukraine  but it may not be alone.Russian companies need to make $18.5 billion of international bond payments by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  while Moscow needs to pay another $3.4 billion on its foreign currency sovereign bonds.Investors would have the right to take legal action to reclaim unpaid amounts  most likely in the United Kingdom or the United States – under whose laws most international market bonds are issued.Payments due in coming days include from Gazprom  which made a payment without problems earlier this month  Russian Railways on March 25 and Polyus Gold on March 28  the same day as Russia’s next international sovereign bond payment falls due.It’s not just international bondholders who are affected. Severstal  Russia’s top steelmaker NLMK  state-owned Russian Railways and fertiliser producer Eurochem are all struggling to get payments to Russian bondholders  the firms themselves and ITI Capital say.NLMK said on Tuesday it had paid a coupon on a 2024 bond but while foreigners had started to receive their money  Russian holders hadn’t.“This is due to the fact that… Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia’s NSD ” NLMK said. “We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents.”NSD confirmed it was receiving payments from Euroclear  but said it will not process these until Euroclear gets clarifications from European regulators.“After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed…as usual ” it said.The daily Kommersant newspaper  citing a source at a large brokerage firm  said some Russian holders of Moscow’s sovereign bonds also hadn’t received payments. A source at a European-based fund told Reuters it too had not received a sovereign bond payment due on Monday.The Russian finance ministry  Russian Railways and Eurochem did not reply to requests for comment.“Delays are possible for payments cleared via international depositories ” NSD added in a statement to Reuters.“This could be linked to ‘manual’ processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators”.(Reporting by Reuters; Editing by Alexander Smith  Kirsten Donovan),negative,0.02,0.34,0.64,negative,0.01,0.2,0.78,True,English,"['Steel giant Severstal', 'first major default', 'Russia-Ukraine crisis', 'Metro US', 'overdue $12.6 million loan ‘coupon’ payment', 'next international sovereign bond payment', 'Seaport Global credit analyst', 'foreign currency sovereign bonds', 'most international market bonds', 'March 16 coupon due date', 'first major corporate default', 'Russian steel giant Severstal', 'international clearing houses', 'National Settlement Depository', 'daily Kommersant newspaper', 'international payment lines', 'Russian finance ministry', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'major Russian company', 'state-owned Russian Railways', 'large brokerage firm', 'latest Western sanctions', 'international bond payments', 'corporate bonds', 'first default', 'international bondholders', 'international depositories', 'steel firm', 'global exchanges', 'large stake', 'Russian government', 'Russian securities', 'Russian companies', 'Russian bondholders', 'Russian holders', 'Russian residents', 'main shareholder', 'wealthy Russians', 'European Union', 'paying agent', 'Himanshu Porwal', 'coming days', 'constant discussions', 'special “licences', 'legal terms', 'asset ownership', 'domestic bondholders', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'legal action', 'unpaid amounts', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Polyus Gold', 'top steelmaker', 'fertiliser producer', 'legal grounds', 'European regulators', 'European-based fund', 'manual’ processing', 'Alexander Smith', 'Kirsten Donovan', 'Severstal default', 'Alexey Mordashov', 'DELAYS POSSIBLE', 'Ukraine crisis', '2024 bond', 'Reuters', 'clock', 'Wednesday', 'country', 'number', 'end', 'creditors', 'source', 'money', 'Citibank', 'people', 'deadline', 'issues', 'application', 'Event', 'countersanctions', 'Moscow', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'NSD', 'group', 'banks', 'part', 'trades', 'result', 'requests', 'comment', 'Investors', 'right', 'laws', 'Gazprom', 'problems', 'NLMK', 'Eurochem', 'firms', 'Tuesday', 'foreigners', 'fact', 'transactions', 'clarifications', 'curbs', 'The', 'Monday', 'statement', 'orders', 'need', 'Editing']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,metro.us
1294,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.avanza.se/placera/pressmeddelanden/2022/03/23/tokmanni-group-oyj-decisions-taken-by-tokmanni-group-corporations-agm-and-the-constitutive-meeting-of-the-board-of-directors.html,Decisions taken by Tokmanni Group Corporation's AGM and the constitutive meeting of the Board of Directors (Cision),Tokmanni Group Corporation's Annual General Meeting was held in Helsinki  Finland on 23 March 2022. The meeting was held based on the so-called temporary act so that shareholders participated in the meeting and exercised their shareholder rights only by voting in advance and by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance.,Tokmanni Group Corporation's Annual General Meeting was held in Helsinki  Finland on 23 March 2022. The meeting was held based on the so-called temporary act so that shareholders participated in the meeting and exercised their shareholder rights only by voting in advance and by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance.The meeting approved the financial statements  considered the Remuneration Report for governing bodies and discharged the responsible parties from liability for the financial period 1 January–31 December 2021.Dividend paymentThe General Meeting approved dividends in line with the Board of Director's proposal of EUR 0.96/share. The proposed dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the company's shareholders register  maintained by Euroclear Finland  on the record date of the payment of the dividend. The record date for the payment of the dividend is 25 March 2022 and the date for the payment of the dividend is 8 April 2022.Board composition and remunerationThe number of Members of the Board of Directors was confirmed as six. Re-elected as Members of the Board were Seppo Saastamoinen  Harri Sivula  Thérèse Cedercreutz  Juha Blomster  Erkki Järvinen and Ulla Lettijeff. Seppo Saastamoinen was re-elected as the Chairman of the Board of Directors.The General Meeting confirmed an annual compensation of EUR 84 000 for the Chairman of the Board and EUR 30 000 for the member of the Board.The Chairman and the members of the Board of Directors will be paid an attendance fee per each meeting of the Board of Directors as follows:EUR 1 000 for those members of the Board of Directors who are domiciled in Finland;EUR 2 000 for those members of the Board of Directors who are domiciled elsewhere in Europe; andEUR 3 000 for those members of the Board of Directors who are domiciled outside Europe.In addition  the Chairman of the Finance and Audit Committee will be paid EUR 1 000 as monthly remuneration.The annual remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors is paid in company shares and in cash so that approximately 40% of the annual fee is paid in the company shares and the rest is paid in cash. The company will pay any costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of the company shares. The shares purchased for the Board member cannot be transferred until 3 years have passed from the date of purchase or before the Board member's membership in the Board has ended  whichever is earlier.Board members' meeting fees and the Chairman of the Finance and Audit Committee’s remuneration will be paid in cash.Selection of the auditor and remunerationThe authorised public accountants PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy was nominated as the auditor for the term 2022. The principal auditor will be APA Ylva Eriksson. The auditor is paid remuneration in accordance with a reasonable invoice.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the Company’s own sharesThe Annual General Meeting decided to authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase or acceptance as pledge  using the Company’s unrestricted equity  of a maximum of 2 943 000 own shares  which corresponds to approximately 5% of the Company’s total shares at the time of convening the Annual General Meeting. The repurchase may take place in one or more tranches. The authorisation includes the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all other matters related to the repurchase and/or the acceptance as pledge of shares. The authorisation is effective until the Annual General Meeting to be held in 2023  yet no further than until 30 June 2023.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Annual General Meeting decided to authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of at most 2 943 000 new shares or shares held by the company in one or more tranches through a share issue and/or by issuing options or other special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Limited Liability Companies Act. 2 943 000 shares currently represent approximately 5.0% of Tokmanni's total number of registered shares. The authorisation includes the right of the Board of Directors to decide on any terms and conditions of the share issue and the issue of special rights referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Limited Liability Companies Act. The authorisation is effective until the Annual General Meeting to be held in 2023  yet no further than until 30 June 2023.Decisions taken in the constitutive meeting of the Board of DirectorsAt its constitutive meeting following the annual general meeting  the Board resolved to elect as members of the Finance and Audit Committee: Juha Blomster  Erkki Järvinen and Harri Sivula. Erkki Järvinen was elected as Chairman of the Finance and Audit Committee.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on Tokmanni’s website as of 6 April 2022 at the latest.Helsinki 23 March 2022Tokmanni Group CorporationBoard of DirectorsFor more informationMaarit Mikkonen  Head of IR and Communications  tel. +358 40 562 2282Tokmanni in briefTokmanni is Finland’s leading variety discount retailer. Some 4 100 Tokmanni employees make customers’ everyday life and special occasions easier by offering a versatile and up-to-date assortment of Finnish and international brand-name products and other high-quality products at prices that are always affordable. With around 200 stores around Finland and an online store  Tokmanni is always close to its customers. In 2021  Tokmanni’s revenue was EUR 1 142 million and comparable EBIT amounted to EUR 106 million. Tokmanni's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.DistributionNasdaq HelsinkiKey Media,neutral,0.05,0.85,0.1,negative,0.01,0.41,0.58,True,English,"['Tokmanni Group Corporation', 'constitutive meeting', 'Decisions', 'AGM', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Thérèse Cedercreutz', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'The General Meeting', ""Board members' meeting fees"", 'Erkki Järvinen', 'authorised public accountants', 'APA Ylva Eriksson', 'other special rights', 'Tokmanni Group Corporation', 'temporary act', 'annual compensation', 'annual fee', 'other matters', 'constitutive meeting', 'shareholder rights', 'annual remuneration', 'financial statements', 'governing bodies', 'responsible parties', 'financial period', 'Seppo Saastamoinen', 'Harri Sivula', 'Juha Blomster', 'Ulla Lettijeff', 'attendance fee', 'Audit Committee', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'reasonable invoice', 'unrestricted equity', 'share issue', 'record date', 'total number', 'Remuneration Report', 'monthly remuneration', 'total shares', '2,943,000 new shares', 'registered shares', 'shareholders register', 'Euroclear Finland', 'principal auditor', 'Board composition', 'company shares', 'Dividend payment', '2,943,000 shares', 'Helsinki', '23 March', 'advance', 'counterproposals', 'questions', '31 December', 'dividends', 'line', 'Director', '25 March', '8 April', 'Chairman', 'Europe', 'addition', 'Finance', 'cash', 'costs', 'transfer', 'tax', 'purchase', '3 years', 'membership', 'Selection', 'term', 'accordance', 'acceptance', 'pledge', 'maximum', 'time', 'place', 'one', 'tranches', 'authorisation', '30 June', 'issuance', 'options', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'conditions', 'Decisions', 'minutes', 'website', '6 April']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,avanza.se
1295,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.morningstar.com/news/pr-newswire/20220323io01606/annual-general-meeting-of-sandvik-aktiebolag,Annual General Meeting of Sandvik Aktiebolag,The shareholders in Sandvik Aktiebolag are convened to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  April 27  2022 at 4:00 p.m. at the Göransson Arena  Sätragatan 21  Sandviken  Sweden. Registration will begin at 3:00 p.,"SANDVIKEN  Sweden  March 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Sandvik Aktiebolag are convened to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  April 27  2022 at 4:00 p.m. at the Göransson Arena  Sätragatan 21  Sandviken  Sweden. Registration will begin at 3:00 p.m.Due to the continued spread of Covid-19  no food or drink will be served and there will be no exhibits or programs before the General Meeting.RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AND NoticeThere are two ways for shareholders to participate in the Meeting: (i) attending the Meeting in person or by proxy  or (ii) participating by postal voting. In either case  if the shares are registered in the name of a nominee  they must be temporarily re-registered in the name of the shareholder (as further described below).Participation in person or by proxyShareholders who wish to attend the Meeting in person or by proxy must:be recorded as shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday  April 19  2022  andgive notice of their intention to participate in the Meeting  not later than Thursday  April 21  2022  according to the instructions below.Notice of participation in the Meeting shall be made on the Company's website home.sandvik  by telephone +46 (0)26-26 09 40 weekdays 9:00 a.m.–4:00 p.m. or by letter to Computershare AB  ""Sandvik's AGM""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. When giving notice of participation  please state name  personal or corporate registration number  address and telephone number and the number of assistants (maximum two)  if any.If participation in the Meeting is by proxy  a written and dated proxy signed by the shareholder must be submitted to the address stated above in advance of the Meeting. Proxy forms are available on the Company's website. A proxy issued by a legal entity must be accompanied by a registration certificate or other authorization document. In order to facilitate registration at the Meeting  the proxy as well as the registration certificate or other authorization document should be received by the Company at the above address not later than Thursday  April 21  2022.Postal votingThe Board of Directors has decided that shareholders should be able to exercise their voting rights by postal voting. Shareholders who wish to participate in the Meeting by postal voting must:be recorded as shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday  April 19  2022  andgive notice of their intention to participate in the Meeting by submitting their postal votes  not later than Thursday  April 21  2022  according to the instructions below.A special form must be used for the postal vote. The form for postal voting is available on the Company's website home.sandvik. The completed and signed form for postal voting shall be sent by e-mail to info@computershare.se or by post to Computershare AB  ""Sandvik's AGM""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. Completed forms must be received by Computershare not later than Thursday  April 21  2022. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via the Company's website home.sandvik. Such electronic votes must also be submitted not later than Thursday  April 21  2022.The shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form.If a shareholder submits its postal vote through a representative  a written and dated proxy signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Proxy forms are available on the Company's website. A proxy issued by a legal entity must be accompanied by a registration certificate or other authorization document.Shareholders who wish to attend the Meeting in person or by proxy must give notice to the Company in accordance with the instructions under ""Participation in person or by proxy"" above. This means that a notice of participation by postal voting only is not enough for a shareholder who wants to attend the Meeting in person or by proxy.Shares registered in the name of a nomineeShareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  to be entitled to participate in the Meeting (including via postal voting)  temporarily have re-registered the shares in their own name so that the shareholder is registered in the share register as of Tuesday  April 19  2022. Please note that this procedure also applies with respect to shares held on a bank's shareholder deposit account and certain investment savings accounts. Request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registration that has been made by the nominee not later than Thursday  April 21  2022 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.AgendaOpening of the Meeting. Election of Chairman of the Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes. Approval of the agenda. Examination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened. Speech by the President and CEO. Presentation of the Annual Report  Auditor's Report and the Group Accounts and Auditor's Report for the Group. Resolution in respect of adoption of the Profit and Loss Account  Balance Sheet  Consolidated Profit and Loss Account and Consolidated Balance Sheet. Resolution in respect of discharge from liability of the Board members and the President for the period to which the accounts relate. Resolution in respect of allocation of the Company's result in accordance with the adopted Balance Sheet and resolution on record day.1. Cash dividend2. Distribution of all shares in Sandvik Materials Technology Holding AB (to be renamed Alleima AB).12. Determination of the number of Board members  Deputy Board members and Auditors.13. Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and Auditor.14. Election of Board members:1. Jennifer Allerton2. Claes Boustedt3. Marika Fredriksson4. Johan Molin5. Andreas Nordbrandt6. Helena Stjernholm7. Stefan Widing8. Kai Wärn15. Election of Chairman of the Board.16. Election of Auditor.17. Approval of remuneration report.18. Resolution on a long-term incentive program (LTI 2022).19. Authorization on acquisition of the Company's own shares.20. Resolution on amendment to the Articles of Association.21. Closing of the Meeting..PROPOSALS FOR RESOLUTIONSItem 2 – Election of Chairman of the MeetingThe Nomination Committee consists of its Chairman Fredrik Lundberg (AB Industrivärden)  Anna Magnusson (Alecta)  Marianne Nilsson (Swedbank Robur Funds)  Lars Pettersson (Lundbergs) and Johan Molin (Sandvik's Chairman of the Board).The Nomination Committee proposes attorney Sven Unger as Chairman of the Meeting or  in the event he is prevented from participating  the person appointed by the Nomination Committee.Item 11 – Dividend and record day11.1 Cash dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve on a cash dividend of SEK 4.75 per share. Friday  April 29  2022 is proposed as the record day. If the Meeting approves these proposals  it is estimated that the dividend be paid by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  May 4  2022.11.2 Distribution of all shares in Sandvik Materials Technology Holding AB (to be renamed Alleima AB)On October 18  2021  the Board of Directors of Sandvik AB (""Sandvik"") publicly announced its intention to distribute the business area Sandvik Materials Technology during the second or third quarter 2022 to Sandvik's shareholders and to list the shares on Nasdaq Stockholm.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that all shares in the wholly-owned subsidiary Sandvik Materials Technology Holding AB  reg. no. 559224-1433 (to be renamed Alleima AB) (""Alleima"")  including the underlying group  be distributed  whereby five (5) shares in Sandvik entitle to one (1) share in Alleima. If a shareholder's shareholding in Sandvik is not evenly divisible by five (5)  the fractions of shares which the shareholder's shareholding in Sandvik otherwise would entitle to will be combined with all other shareholders' fractions of shares into whole shares in Alleima  which will be sold on Nasdaq Stockholm through Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ). The proceeds from such sale  free of any commissions  will then be paid to such shareholders through the Euroclear system on a pro rata basis.The Board of Directors further proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to determine the record date for the right to receive shares in Alleima. The record date is expected to take place on August 29  2022  and the distribution of and first day of trading in the Alleima share on Nasdaq Stockholm is expected to occur on August 31  2022.The distribution of the shares in Alleima is expected to be made in accordance with the so-called Lex Asea rules.An information brochure containing additional information regarding the distribution and Alleima's business is available on Sandvik's website home.sandvik.Item 12 – Determination of the number of Board members  Deputy Board members and AuditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes eight Board members with no deputies and one registered public accounting firm as Auditor.Item 13 – Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes fees to the Board of Directors as follows:Chairman of the Board of Directors: SEK 2 750 000 (2 625 000)Other Board members not employed by the Company: SEK 740 000 (710 000) eachChairman of the Audit Committee: SEK 325 000 (310 000)Other members of the Audit Committee: SEK 185 000 (175 000) eachChairman of the Remuneration Committee: SEK 155 000 (150 000)Other members of the Remuneration Committee: SEK 122 000 (118 000) eachChairman of the Acquisitions and Divestitures Committee: SEK 210 000 (200 000)Other members of the Acquisitions and Divestitures Committee: SEK 155 000 (150 000) eachFees to the Auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Item 14 – Election of Board membersThe Nomination Committee proposes the election of the following persons as Board members:Jennifer Allerton (re-election) Claes Boustedt (re-election) Marika Fredriksson (re-election) Johan Molin (re-election) Andreas Nordbrandt (re-election) Helena Stjernholm (re-election) Stefan Widing (re-election) Kai Wärn (re-election)Item 15 – Election of Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes re-election of Johan Molin as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Item 16 – Election of AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  pursuant to the recommendation of the Audit Committee  re-election of PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as Auditor for the period until the end of the 2023 Annual General Meeting.Item 17 – Approval of remuneration reportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting approves the Board of Directors' remuneration report.Item 18 – Resolution on a long-term incentive program (LTI 2022)BackgroundSince 2014 Sandvik's Annual General Meeting has annually resolved on long-term incentive programs for senior executives and key employees  in the form of performance share programs requiring investment by all participants. The Board of Directors considers that these programs fulfill their purpose of aligning the interests of the participants and the shareholders  strengthening the Sandvik Group's ability to attract  retain and motivate qualified employees and strengthening Sandvik's focus and objective to meet its long-term business goals. Accordingly  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve on a long-term incentive program for senior executives and key employees for 2022 (""LTI 2022"") on the below terms and conditions.GeneralLTI 2022 encompasses approximately 350 senior executives and key contributors in the Sandvik Group. Due to the planned spin-off and subsequent listing of Sandvik's business area Sandvik Materials Technology (""SMT listing"")  SMT employees will not be offered participation in LTI 2022. The maximum number of Sandvik shares that can be allocated pursuant to LTI 2022 is 1.9 million shares  which corresponds to approximately 0.15 percent of the number of outstanding shares in Sandvik.In order to participate in LTI 2022 the employee is required to invest in Sandvik shares at market price no later than June 30  2022 (""Investment Shares""). In the event that the employee is not able to invest before this date due to being entered in an insider list (logbook) kept by Sandvik  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to postpone the date of investment for such employee. The employee may within the scope of LTI 2022 invest up to an amount corresponding to 10 percent of the employee's fixed annual salary before tax at the time of the investment.Provided such acquisition of Investment Shares is made  participants of LTI 2022 will be entitled to allotment of Sandvik shares  free of charge  after a period of three years on the terms and conditions set forth below.Performance SharesEach acquired Investment Share entitles participants to be allotted Sandvik shares provided certain performance targets are met (""Performance Shares""). The maximum number of Performance Shares that may be allotted for each acquired Investment Share depends on the Participant's program category as follows:8 for the President 7 for each additional member of the Group Executive Management (currently 9persons) persons)  6 for each senior manager (approximately 60 persons)  and5 for each key contributor (approximately 280 persons).Each member of the Group Executive Management  with the exception of SMT's President  shall nominate the persons that are to be offered participation in LTI 2022 and that are to be classified as senior manager and key contributor  respectively  based on position  qualification and individual performance. All nominations are to be approved by the President and CEO.The number of Performance Shares that will finally be allotted to the participant for each acquired Investment Share is dependent on the development of the Sandvik Group adjusted Earnings Per Share (""EPS"")  excluding amortizations and other accounting effects arising from business combinations  during the financial year 2022 (""EPS 2022"")  compared to adjusted EPS  excluding amortizations and other accounting effects arising from business combinations  for the financial year 2021 (""EPS 2021""). Subject to the SMT listing taking place  EPS 2021 and EPS 2022 will exclude SMT. The Board of Directors establishes the levels regarding adjusted EPS that must be attained for allotment of a certain number of Performance Shares. Allotment will take place as follows:One Performance Share will be allotted for each acquired Investment Share if EPS 2022 exceeds EPS 2021.In order for any remaining Performance Shares to be allotted EPS 2022 growth must exceed 5 percent in relation to EPS 2021. The EPS growth required for the maximum number of Performance Shares to be allotted for each acquired Investment Share is established by the Board of Directors.The level required for maximum allotment and the extent to which the established levels are attained will be disclosed in the 2022 Annual Report.Prerequisites for allotmentThe allotment of Performance Shares requires continuous employment and that all Investment Shares be held during a period of three years from the acquisition of the Investment Shares (""Vesting Period""). The Chairman of the Board of Directors may in special cases grant exemptions from these requirements for individual participants  whereas the Board of Directors may decide on any such exemption concerning groups of participants.If the prerequisites for allotment set forth for LTI 2022 are met  allotment of Performance Shares will take place during 2025  and no later than June 30  2025. The allotment will take place free of charge  subject to tax.Adjustment of the number of Performance Shares etc.Before the allotment of Performance Shares takes place  the Board of Directors shall consider whether the number of Performance Shares is reasonable taking into account the financial results and position of Sandvik  the impact of larger acquisitions  divestments and other significant capital transactions  stock market conditions and other circumstances. If the Board of Directors deems that this is not the case  the Board of Directors shall reduce the number of Performance Shares to the lower number the Board of Directors finds appropriate or decide that no allotment should take place.In the event of a bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events in Sandvik  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to decide on the recalculation of the terms of LTI 2022.An alternative cash based incentive solution may be implemented for participants incountries where the acquisition of Investment Shares or allotment of Performance Shares is not appropriate  or if such solution is otherwise considered appropriate. Such alternative incentive solution shall to the extent practically possible be designed to correspond to the terms of LTI 2022. The President and CEO shall be authorized to decide which persons that should be offered participation in the cash based incentive solution.The Board of Directors  or a committee appointed by the Board of Directors for this purpose  shall be responsible for the detailed design and administration of LTI 2022 based on the main terms set forth herein.The right to be allotted Performance Shares cannot be transferred and does not give the participant a right to compensation for dividend distributed during the Vesting Period with respect to the underlying shares.Costs of LTI 2022 and hedging arrangementsThe number of Sandvik shares that will be needed for LTI 2022 will depend on the Sandvik share price at investment and the participation rate. To secure an adequate number of shares  given the increased market volatility  a Sandvik share price of SEK 160 has been used when calculating the maximum number of shares needed. Based on this share price the total cost of LTI 2022 is estimated at up to SEK 333 million. The costs have been calculated as the sum of personnel costs  including social security costs of SEK 55 million  and administration costs of approximately SEK 2 million for the program. Based on a share price of SEK 235 (which would result in fewer Sandvik shares being needed) the total cost is estimated at up to SEK 346 million  of which SEK 57 million constitutes social security cost and approximately SEK 2 million constitutes administration costs. The costs for LTI 2022 will be allocated over the years 2022–2024.Sandvik intends to secure its commitment to deliver Sandvik shares under LTI 2022 through a share swap agreement with a third party. The interest cost for such a share swap is estimated at approximately SEK 1.4 million per year based on the current interest levels  regardless of whether the calculation is based on a share price of SEK 160 or SEK 235. Against this cost  however  stands the value of possible dividends.Preparation of the proposalThe proposal has been prepared by the Board's Remuneration Committee and has been discussed and resolved on by the Board of Directors. The President has not taken part in the Board of Directors' discussion and resolution with respect to the proposal.Majority requirementThe resolution regarding LTI 2022 requires a majority of more than half of the votes cast at the Meeting.OtherFor a description of other long-term incentive programs within Sandvik reference is made to note G4 in Sandvik's 2021 Annual Report and to the Company's website.Item 19 – Authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition of the Company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to  for the period until the 2023 Annual General Meeting  resolve on acquisitions of the Company's own shares in accordance with the following conditions.Acquisitions shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm.Acquisitions may only be made at a price per share within the price range (spread) applicable from time to time  meaning the spread between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price prevailing and disseminated by Nasdaq Stockholm from time to time.The Company may acquire a maximum number of shares so that the Company's holding at any time does not exceed 10 per cent of the total number of shares in the Company.The authorization may be utilized on one or several occasions up to the 2023 Annual General Meeting.The purpose of the authorization is to enable the Board of Directors to continuously adapt the Company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value.In order for the resolution on authorization to be valid  it must be supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Item 20 – Resolution on amendment to the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to amend the Articles of Association as proposed below:§ 6Insofar as it is elected at a General Meeting of the Shareholders  the Board shall consist of not less than five and not more than eight Directors and not more than five Deputy Directors. § 6Insofar as it is elected at a General Meeting of the Shareholders  the Board shall consist of not less than five and not more than ten Directors. § 11 The following matters shall be dealt with at the Annual General Meeting:[…]10. determination of the number of Directors and Deputy Directors;[…] § 11 The following matters shall be dealt with at the Annual General Meeting:[…]10. determination of the number of Directors;[…]The Board of Directors currently consists of eight Board members elected by the General Meeting  i.e. the maximum permitted by the Articles of Association. The increase in maximum number of Board members is proposed to allow the Nomination Committee more flexibility in its work when preparing the proposal for the Company Board. Furthermore  the option for the General Meeting to elect deputy Board members is removed.The Board of Directors also proposes that the President shall be authorized to make any minor adjustments to the resolution that may prove to be necessary in connection with the registration of the Articles of Association with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.In order for the resolution on amendment to the Articles of Association to be valid  it must be supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.INFORMATION AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Board of Directors and the President shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the Company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  and circumstances that can affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation  or the Company's relation to other group companies.DOCUMENTATIONThe Nomination Committee's proposals under items 2 and 12–16 and the Board of Directors' proposals under items 11 and 17–20 are included in their entirety in this notice. The Nomination Committee's statement and the presentation of the proposed Board members are available on the Company's website home.sandvik. Accounting documents  the Board of Directors' remuneration report  the Auditor's Report and the Auditor's statement regarding the application of the guidelines for remuneration  the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Auditor's statement relating to the proposals under item 11 and the information brochure relating to the proposal under item 11.2 are available at Sandvik AB  Kungsbron 1  section G  floor 6  Stockholm  Sweden  as well as on the Company's website. Copies of the documents will be sent without charge to those shareholders who so request and provide their address to the Company.SHARES AND VOTESThe total number of shares and votes in the Company is 1 254 385 923.PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATASandvik Aktiebolag  reg. no. 556000-3468  is the controller of the processing of personal data performed by the Company or its service providers in connection with the Meeting. For information on how your personal data is processed  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Stockholm  March 2022SANDVIK AKTIEBOLAG (PUBL)The Board of DirectorsThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/sandvik/r/annual-general-meeting-of-sandvik-aktiebolag c3531216The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/208/3531216/1552872.pdf Notice Annual General Meeting 2022.PDFView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/annual-general-meeting-of-sandvik-aktiebolag-301509186.htmlSOURCE Sandvik",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.01,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sandvik Aktiebolag', 'Göransson Arena', 'other authorization document', 'investment savings accounts', 'Such electronic votes', 'entire postal vote', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate registration number', 'voting rights registration', 'Annual General Meeting', 'postal voting form', 'shareholder deposit account', 'voting list', 'postal votes', 'registration certificate', 'Sätragatan', 'continued spread', 'two ways', 'share register', 'Computershare AB', 'legal entity', 'special form', 'Completed forms', 'two persons', 'telephone number', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Proxy forms', 'Sandvik Aktiebolag', 'state name', 'dated proxy', 'SANDVIKEN', 'shareholders', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'Covid-19', 'food', 'drink', 'exhibits', 'programs', 'PARTICIPATE', 'Notice', 'case', 'shares', 'nominee', 'Participation', 'Tuesday', 'intention', 'Thursday', 'Company', 'website', 'weekdays', 'letter', 'AGM', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'personal', 'address', 'assistants', 'written', 'advance', 'order', 'Board', 'Directors', 'mail', 'info', 'verification', 'BankID', 'conditions', 'representative', 'accordance', 'procedure', 'respect', 'Request', 'routines', 'time', 'preparation', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'approval', '4:00', '3:00', '9:00']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,morningstar.com
1296,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.sharecafe.com.au/2022/03/23/coal-prices-up-debt-down-make-it-payback-time-for-terracom/,Coal Prices Up  Debt Down Make it Payback Time for TerraCom – ShareCafe,Corporate Connect analyst Richard Close has released an updated research report on emerging resource company TerraCom Ltd  with a 12-month price target of $A1.20.,In a relatively short period  Terracom has gone from headwinds to tailwinds based on three significant factors according to Corporate Connect analyst Richard Close in his updated report on TER:1. Thermal Coal market. Producers are experiencing almost unprecedented demand for thermal coal resulting in forward curves for benchmark coal prices across all coal benchmarks and is currently in excess of US$300/tonne for benchmark Newcastle 6000 kCal/kg coal.2. Debt reduction and capital management: TerraCom’s management have made significant inroads in paying down the amount owing on the Euroclear bond facility. The strong thermal coal price environment along with the announcement of the US$60million prepayment agreement indicates that by our analysis the bond facility could be repaid by the end of May 2022 – 7 months ahead of schedule. This paves the way for new capital management initiatives and the reintroduction of dividend payments to shareholders.3. Continued stable operational performance from both South African and Australian operations: While we have not factored in any production growth in our forecasts  we have a high degree of confidence that current operational levels can be maintained.,neutral,0.06,0.7,0.25,neutral,0.11,0.76,0.13,True,English,"['Coal Prices', 'Debt', 'TerraCom', 'ShareCafe', 'strong thermal coal price environment', 'US$60million prepayment agreement', 'new capital management initiatives', 'Thermal Coal market', 'Corporate Connect analyst', 'stable operational performance', 'current operational levels', 'three significant factors', 'benchmark coal prices', 'Euroclear bond facility', 'coal benchmarks', '6000 kCal/kg coal', 'benchmark Newcastle', 'significant inroads', 'short period', 'Richard Close', 'unprecedented demand', 'forward curves', 'Debt reduction', 'dividend payments', 'South African', 'Australian operations', 'production growth', 'high degree', 'Terracom', 'headwinds', 'tailwinds', 'updated', 'report', 'Producers', 'excess', 'amount', 'announcement', 'analysis', 'May', 'schedule', 'way', 'reintroduction', 'shareholders', 'forecasts', 'confidence', '1.']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,sharecafe.com.au
1297,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/sanctions-delay-payments-russian-corporate-eurobond-holders-2022-03-23/,Steel giant Severstal scrambles to avoid first major default of Russia-Ukraine crisis,Russian holders of domestic corporate Eurobonds face delays in receiving payments settled through international agents  as transactions get snarled up by sanctions  Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) ,"A general view shows the Moscow International Business Center also known as ""Moskva-City""  in Moscow  Russia  October 6  2016. REUTERS/Maxim ZmeyevMarch 23 (Reuters) - Russian steel giant Severstal (CHMF.MM) was racing against the clock on Wednesday to avoid becoming the country's first major corporate default since the Ukraine crisis began  with international payment lines snarled by sanctions.Severstal  whose main shareholder Alexey Mordashov is one of a number of wealthy Russians now sanctioned by the European Union  has until the end of the day to get an already overdue $12.6 million loan 'coupon' payment to its creditors.A source close to the steel firm said the money had been transferred last week but was yet to be processed and passed on by its paying agent Citibank.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register""This will technically be the first default since the crisis began to unfold "" Seaport Global credit analyst Himanshu Porwal said.""But people will know it is driven by the way the sanctions have been formulated  rather than the company's fault "" adding Severstal might find a way to make the payment in the coming days  especially if Mordashov were to cut or relinquish his large stake in the firm  which itself is not sanctioned.With Wednesday's deadline fast approaching Severstal said it had been in constant discussions about the issues  and that it was looking at an application for special ""licences"" that may be required to make the payment. read moreThe legal terms of the bonds state an ""Event of Default"" can be formally declared five working days after the March 16 coupon due date.The latest Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that transferring payments on Russian government and corporate bonds has become complex.Previously payments like Severstal's would have been processed by international clearing houses such as Clearstream or Euroclear  which confirm asset ownership  and also funnel payments for domestic bondholders to Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD).However both Euroclear  owned by a group of global exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  have said they will stop settling trades in Russian securities as a result of the EU's sanctions. read moreNeither Clearstream  Euroclear nor Citigroup responded to requests for comment.DELAYS POSSIBLEA Severstal default would be the first by a major Russian company since Moscow was blanketed by sanctions for what it calls its ""special military operation"" in Ukraine  but it may not be alone.Russian companies need to make $18.5 billion of international bond payments by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  while Moscow needs to pay another $3.4 billion on its foreign currency sovereign bonds.Investors would have the right to take legal action to reclaim unpaid amounts  most likely in the United Kingdom or the United States - under whose laws most international market bonds are issued.Payments due in coming days include from Gazprom (GAZP.MM)  which made a payment without problems earlier this month  Russian Railways on March 25 and Polyus Gold (PLZL.MM) on March 28  the same day as Russia's next international sovereign bond payment falls due.It's not just international bondholders who are affected. Severstal (CHMF.MM)  Russia's top steelmaker NLMK (NLMK.MM)  state-owned Russian Railways and fertiliser producer Eurochem are all struggling to get payments to Russian bondholders  the firms themselves and ITI Capital say.NLMK said on Tuesday it had paid a coupon on a 2024 bond but while foreigners had started to receive their money  Russian holders hadn't.""This is due to the fact that... Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia's NSD "" NLMK said. ""We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents.""NSD confirmed it was receiving payments from Euroclear  but said it will not process these until Euroclear gets clarifications from European regulators.""After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed...as usual "" it said.The daily Kommersant newspaper  citing a source at a large brokerage firm  said some Russian holders of Moscow's sovereign bonds also hadn't received payments. A source at a European-based fund told Reuters it too had not received a sovereign bond payment due on Monday.The Russian finance ministry  Russian Railways and Eurochem did not reply to requests for comment.""Delays are possible for payments cleared via international depositories "" NSD added in a statement to Reuters.""This could be linked to 'manual' processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators"".Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterReporting by Reuters; Editing by Alexander Smith  Kirsten DonovanOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",negative,0.02,0.2,0.78,negative,0.02,0.2,0.79,True,English,"['Steel giant Severstal', 'first major default', 'Russia-Ukraine crisis', ""overdue $12.6 million loan 'coupon' payment"", 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'next international sovereign bond payment', 'Seaport Global credit analyst', 'foreign currency sovereign bonds', 'most international market bonds', 'March 16 coupon due date', 'Moscow International Business Center', 'first major corporate default', 'international clearing houses', 'FREE unlimited access', 'National Settlement Depository', 'daily Kommersant newspaper', 'international payment lines', 'Russian finance ministry', 'Reuters.com Register', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'Russian steel giant', 'major Russian company', 'state-owned Russian Railways', 'large brokerage firm', 'international bond payments', 'latest Western sanctions', 'corporate bonds', 'first default', 'international bondholders', 'international depositories', 'global exchanges', 'steel firm', 'large stake', 'Russian government', 'Russian securities', 'Russian companies', 'Russian bondholders', 'Russian holders', 'Russian residents', 'general view', 'Maxim Zmeyev', 'main shareholder', 'wealthy Russians', 'European Union', 'paying agent', 'Himanshu Porwal', 'coming days', 'constant discussions', 'special ""licences', 'legal terms', 'asset ownership', 'domestic bondholders', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'legal action', 'unpaid amounts', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Polyus Gold', 'top steelmaker', 'fertiliser producer', 'legal grounds', 'European regulators', 'European-based fund', ""manual' processing"", 'Alexander Smith', 'Kirsten Donovan', 'Alexey Mordashov', 'DELAYS POSSIBLE', 'same day', 'GAZP.MM', 'PLZL.MM', 'Severstal default', 'Ukraine crisis', '2024 bond', 'Moskva-City', 'CHMF', 'clock', 'Wednesday', 'country', 'number', 'end', 'creditors', 'source', 'money', 'Citibank', 'people', 'deadline', 'issues', 'application', 'Event', 'countersanctions', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'NSD', 'group', 'banks', 'part', 'trades', 'result', 'requests', 'comment', 'Investors', 'right', 'laws', 'Gazprom', 'problems', 'NLMK', 'Eurochem', 'firms', 'Tuesday', 'foreigners', 'fact', 'transactions', 'clarifications', 'curbs', 'Monday', 'statement', 'orders', 'need', 'Reporting', 'Editing', 'Standards']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,reuters.com
1298,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/russia-warns-of-possible-payment-delays-for-domestic-corporate-eurobond-holders,Russia warns of possible payment delays for domestic corporate Eurobond holders,Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) said on Wednesday that Russian holders of domestic corporate Eurobonds may see delays in receiving payments settled through international agents  as transactions get snarled up by sanctions.,"Adds details  quotes  backgroundMarch 23 (Reuters) - Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) said on Wednesday that Russian holders of domestic corporate Eurobonds may see delays in receiving payments settled through international agents  as transactions get snarled up by sanctions.""Delays are possible for payments cleared via international depositories. This could be linked to 'manual' processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators "" NSD said in a statement to Reuters.Russian sovereign and corporate Eurobond payments were previously processed by international clearing and settlement firms such as Clearstream and Euroclear  which process payments and confirm ownership of assets before sending cash to Western bondholders and then to NSD for domestic holders.However  Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that the payment process on hard currency bonds issued by Russia or Russian companies has become much more complicated  with some payments delayed or getting stuck in transit.Euroclear  owned by exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  both said they would stop settling trades in Russian securities in response to European Union financial sanctions after Russia's invasion of Ukraine last month.Clearstream and Euroclear did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Russian companies are due to pay $18.5 billion in external debt  including coupon payments  by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  and the Russian finance ministry is due to pay another $3.4 billion in sovereign Eurobonds.In a separate statement  NSD said that it is receiving Eurobond payments from Euroclear but will not process these until Euroclear gets clarifications from European regulators.NSD said it is not getting payments from Clearstream.""After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed... as usual "" NSD said.Dmitry Lesnov  head of the customer service department at Finam  said that his company is not receiving payments made via Euroclear or Clearstream.""We do not receive payments on foreign securities made via Euroclear  NSD receives them but does not yet process (them)  (we are) awaiting further clarifications "" he said.(Reporting by Reuters; Editing by Alexander Smith)The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq  Inc.",neutral,0.03,0.49,0.48,negative,0.02,0.28,0.7,True,English,"['domestic corporate Eurobond holders', 'possible payment delays', 'Russia', 'European Union financial sanctions', 'hard currency bonds', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'customer service department', 'National Settlement Depository', 'Russian finance ministry', 'domestic corporate Eurobonds', 'corporate Eurobond payments', 'European regulators', 'settlement firms', 'domestic holders', 'sovereign Eurobonds', 'Western sanctions', 'Russian holders', 'Russian companies', 'Russian sovereign', 'Russian securities', 'international agents', 'international depositories', ""manual' processing"", 'international clearing', 'Western bondholders', 'payment process', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'external debt', 'Dmitry Lesnov', 'foreign securities', 'Alexander Smith', 'separate statement', 'coupon payments', 'details', 'quotes', 'background', 'Reuters', 'NSD', 'Wednesday', 'delays', 'transactions', 'orders', 'need', 'clarifications', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ownership', 'assets', 'cash', 'countersanctions', 'Moscow', 'transit', 'exchanges', 'banks', 'trades', 'response', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'request', 'comment', 'year-end', 'curbs', 'head', 'Finam', 'company', 'Editing', 'views', 'opinions', 'author', 'Nasdaq', 'Inc']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,nasdaq.com
1299,Euroclear,Bing API,https://interfax.com/newsroom/top-stories/77233/,NLMK looking for way to get Eurobond coupon payments to Russian investors,Novolipetsk Steel (NLMK) said that it has successfully paid a coupon on its Eurobonds  but noted that bondholders from Russia are not receiving the payments because international depositories are no longer settling transactions with Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD).,"NLMK looking for way to get Eurobond coupon payments to Russian investorsMOSCOW. March 23 (Interfax) - Novolipetsk Steel (NLMK) said that it has successfully paid a coupon on its Eurobonds  but noted that bondholders from Russia are not receiving the payments because international depositories are no longer settling transactions with Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD).The scheduled coupon payment for Eurobonds that mature in 2024 was successfully processed on March 21  2022  so the company has duly performed its obligations in accordance with their terms  the Russian steelmaker said.NLMK also said it has received confirmation that foreign bondholders have started to receive their coupon payments.However  the coupon payments did not reach bondholders based in Russia because international central securities depositories Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia's National Settlement Depository  NLMK said.""We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents "" the company added.NLMK said it is currently considering alternative ways to deliver the coupon payments to bondholders based in Russia.The problem mentioned by NLMK was recently raised by Russian Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs (RSPP) head Alexander Shokhin in a letter to the Central Bank. It is due to the fact that most Russian holders of Eurobonds use the NSD  to which Euroclear is supposed to transfer money from issuers as to a lower-level depository. When money is transferred through Euroclear for coupon payments on Eurobonds or their redemption  funds are reaching foreign bondholders but not Russian ones  Shokhin said.",neutral,0.07,0.83,0.09,negative,0.01,0.16,0.83,True,English,"['Eurobond coupon payments', 'Russian investors', 'NLMK', 'way', 'international central securities depositories', 'National Settlement Depository', 'most Russian holders', 'Eurobond coupon payments', 'international depositories', 'Central Bank', 'lower-level depository', 'Russian investors', 'Novolipetsk Steel', 'Russian steelmaker', 'legal grounds', 'Russian residents', 'alternative ways', 'Russian Union', 'Alexander Shokhin', 'foreign bondholders', 'NLMK', 'MOSCOW', 'Interfax', 'Eurobonds', 'transactions', 'NSD', 'March', 'company', 'obligations', 'accordance', 'terms', 'confirmation', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'problem', 'Industrialists', 'Entrepreneurs', 'RSPP', 'head', 'letter', 'fact', 'money', 'issuers', 'redemption', 'funds']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,interfax.com
1300,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear joins bank-backed #blockchain payment system https://t.co/LXvceSr2pG,nan,Euroclear joins bank-backed #blockchain payment system https://t.co/LXvceSr2pG,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['bank-backed #blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'LXvceSr2pG', 'bank-backed #blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'LXvceSr2pG']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1301,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Virginia's oldest bank enters a new market #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/S2lIqdwUG1 #regtech,nan,Virginia's oldest bank enters a new market #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/S2lIqdwUG1 #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['oldest bank', 'new market', 'Virginia', 'Fintech', 'S2lIqdwUG1', 'regtech', 'oldest bank', 'new market', 'Virginia', 'Fintech', 'S2lIqdwUG1', 'regtech']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1302,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system #Blockchain #bitcoin via https://t.co/C0jOtI3TB5 https://t.co/IFburCEPLD,nan,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system #Blockchain #bitcoin via https://t.co/C0jOtI3TB5 https://t.co/IFburCEPLD,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Blockchain #bitcoin', 'Euroclear', 'C0jOtI3TB5', 'IFburCEPLD', 'bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Blockchain #bitcoin', 'Euroclear', 'C0jOtI3TB5', 'IFburCEPLD']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1303,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system #Blockchain #bitcoin via https://t.co/yzOjrsguwn https://t.co/0zztW62u9s,nan,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system #Blockchain #bitcoin via https://t.co/yzOjrsguwn https://t.co/0zztW62u9s,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Blockchain #bitcoin', 'Euroclear', 'yzOjrsguwn', 'bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Blockchain #bitcoin', 'Euroclear', 'yzOjrsguwn']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1304,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system #Blockchain #bitcoin via https://t.co/XbafOBcbNz https://t.co/ScxHeHL6LU,nan,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system #Blockchain #bitcoin via https://t.co/XbafOBcbNz https://t.co/ScxHeHL6LU,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Blockchain #bitcoin', 'Euroclear', 'XbafOBcbNz', 'ScxHeHL6LU', 'bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Blockchain #bitcoin', 'Euroclear', 'XbafOBcbNz', 'ScxHeHL6LU']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1305,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system #Blockchain via https://t.co/hWKgYedHEW https://t.co/2LvNvca7tH,nan,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system #Blockchain via https://t.co/hWKgYedHEW https://t.co/2LvNvca7tH,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'hWKgYedHEW', 'LvNvca7tH', 'bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'hWKgYedHEW', 'LvNvca7tH']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1306,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Only 2 more days till the finals! Great to have @EuroclearGroup joining the countdown! Read more about them:… https://t.co/dNQLTl99q1,nan,Only 2 more days till the finals! Great to have @EuroclearGroup joining the countdown! Read more about them:… https://t.co/dNQLTl99q1,mixed,0.54,0.21,0.24,mixed,0.54,0.21,0.24,True,English,"['finals', 'countdown', 'dNQLTl99q1', 'finals', 'countdown', 'dNQLTl99q1']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1307,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Stamp Duty Manual - Electronic Share Trading In Euroclear Bank- updated https://t.co/UwD2QSPfkG,nan,Stamp Duty Manual - Electronic Share Trading In Euroclear Bank- updated https://t.co/UwD2QSPfkG,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Stamp Duty Manual', 'Electronic Share Trading', 'Euroclear Bank', 'UwD2QSPfkG', 'Stamp Duty Manual', 'Electronic Share Trading', 'Euroclear Bank', 'UwD2QSPfkG']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1308,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Global news roundup #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/HJU2CBhAV8 #regtech,nan,Global news roundup #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/HJU2CBhAV8 #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Global news roundup', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Fintech', 'HJU2CBhAV8', 'regtech', 'Global news roundup', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Fintech', 'HJU2CBhAV8', 'regtech']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1309,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,#Carpool #Tw149xd - is greater than  #Saintjossetennoode #Euroclear rideshare #splitcosts https://t.co/pd86LuBmf3,nan,#Carpool #Tw149xd - is greater than  #Saintjossetennoode #Euroclear rideshare #splitcosts https://t.co/pd86LuBmf3,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['Euroclear rideshare', 'Carpool', 'Saintjossetennoode', 'splitcosts', 'pd86LuBmf3', 'Euroclear rideshare', 'Carpool', 'Saintjossetennoode', 'splitcosts', 'pd86LuBmf3']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1310,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality https://t.co/dS2Twg9PqT https://t.co/dJc1THAbBv,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality https://t.co/dS2Twg9PqT https://t.co/dJc1THAbBv,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'dS2Twg9PqT', 'dJc1THAbBv', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'dS2Twg9PqT', 'dJc1THAbBv']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1311,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,#Russia quasi-sovereign  private corp bond payment relatively smooth foreign investor  sanctions snafu @Euroclear d… https://t.co/T8RetPDORu,nan,#Russia quasi-sovereign  private corp bond payment relatively smooth foreign investor  sanctions snafu @Euroclear d… https://t.co/T8RetPDORu,neutral,0.03,0.89,0.08,neutral,0.03,0.89,0.08,True,English,"['sovereign, private corp bond payment', 'smooth foreign investor', 'sanctions', 'Euroclear', 'T8RetPDORu', 'sovereign, private corp bond payment', 'smooth foreign investor', 'sanctions', 'Euroclear', 'T8RetPDORu']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1312,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sanctions-delay-payments-russian-corporate-100838815.html,Steel giant Severstal scrambles to avoid first major default of Russia-Ukraine crisis,Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that the payment process on hard currency bonds issued by Russia or Russian companies has become much...,"Steel giant Severstal scrambles to avoid first major default of Russia-Ukraine crisis General view shows Moscow International Business Center in Moscow(Reuters) -Russian steel giant Severstal was racing against the clock on Wednesday to avoid becoming the country's first major corporate default since the Ukraine crisis began  with international payment lines snarled by sanctions.Severstal  whose main shareholder Alexey Mordashov is one of a number of wealthy Russians now sanctioned by the European Union  has until the end of the day to get an already overdue $12.6 million loan 'coupon' payment to its creditors.A source close to the steel firm said the money had been transferred last week but was yet to be processed and passed on by its paying agent Citibank.""This will technically be the first default since the crisis began to unfold "" Seaport Global credit analyst Himanshu Porwal said.""But people will know it is driven by the way the sanctions have been formulated  rather than the company's fault "" adding Severstal might find a way to make the payment in the coming days  especially if Mordashov were to cut or relinquish his large stake in the firm  which itself is not sanctioned.With Wednesday's deadline fast approaching Severstal said it had been in constant discussions about the issues  and that it was looking at an application for special ""licences"" that may be required to make the payment.The legal terms of the bonds state an ""Event of Default"" can be formally declared five working days after the March 16 coupon due date.The latest Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that transferring payments on Russian government and corporate bonds has become complex.Previously payments like Severstal's would have been processed by international clearing houses such as Clearstream or Euroclear  which confirm asset ownership  and also funnel payments for domestic bondholders to Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD).However both Euroclear  owned by a group of global exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  have said they will stop settling trades in Russian securities as a result of the EU's sanctions.Story continuesNeither Clearstream  Euroclear nor Citigroup responded to requests for comment.DELAYS POSSIBLEA Severstal default would be the first by a major Russian company since Moscow was blanketed by sanctions for what it calls its ""special military operation"" in Ukraine  but it may not be alone.Russian companies need to make $18.5 billion of international bond payments by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  while Moscow needs to pay another $3.4 billion on its foreign currency sovereign bonds.Investors would have the right to take legal action to reclaim unpaid amounts  most likely in the United Kingdom or the United States - under whose laws most international market bonds are issued.Payments due in coming days include from Gazprom  which made a payment without problems earlier this month  Russian Railways on March 25 and Polyus Gold on March 28  the same day as Russia's next international sovereign bond payment falls due.It's not just international bondholders who are affected. Severstal  Russia's top steelmaker NLMK  state-owned Russian Railways and fertiliser producer Eurochem are all struggling to get payments to Russian bondholders  the firms themselves and ITI Capital say.NLMK said on Tuesday it had paid a coupon on a 2024 bond but while foreigners had started to receive their money  Russian holders hadn't.""This is due to the fact that... Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia's NSD "" NLMK said. ""We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents.""NSD confirmed it was receiving payments from Euroclear  but said it will not process these until Euroclear gets clarifications from European regulators.""After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed...as usual "" it said.The daily Kommersant newspaper  citing a source at a large brokerage firm  said some Russian holders of Moscow's sovereign bonds also hadn't received payments. A source at a European-based fund told Reuters it too had not received a sovereign bond payment due on Monday.The Russian finance ministry  Russian Railways and Eurochem did not reply to requests for comment.""Delays are possible for payments cleared via international depositories "" NSD added in a statement to Reuters.""This could be linked to 'manual' processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators"".(Reporting by Reuters; Editing by Alexander Smith  Kirsten Donovan)",negative,0.02,0.2,0.78,mixed,0.04,0.2,0.76,True,English,"['Steel giant Severstal', 'first major default', 'Russia-Ukraine crisis', ""overdue $12.6 million loan 'coupon' payment"", 'next international sovereign bond payment', 'Seaport Global credit analyst', 'foreign currency sovereign bonds', 'most international market bonds', 'March 16 coupon due date', 'Moscow International Business Center', 'first major corporate default', 'Russian steel giant Severstal', 'international clearing houses', 'National Settlement Depository', 'daily Kommersant newspaper', 'international payment lines', 'first major default', 'Russian finance ministry', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'state-owned Russian Railways', 'major Russian company', 'large brokerage firm', 'international bond payments', 'latest Western sanctions', 'corporate bonds', 'first default', 'international bondholders', 'international depositories', 'steel firm', 'global exchanges', 'large stake', 'Russian government', 'Russian securities', 'Russian companies', 'Russian bondholders', 'Russian holders', 'Russian residents', 'Severstal default', 'General view', 'main shareholder', 'wealthy Russians', 'European Union', 'paying agent', 'Himanshu Porwal', 'coming days', 'constant discussions', 'special ""licences', 'legal terms', 'asset ownership', 'domestic bondholders', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'legal action', 'unpaid amounts', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Polyus Gold', 'top steelmaker', 'fertiliser producer', 'legal grounds', 'European regulators', 'European-based fund', ""manual' processing"", 'Alexander Smith', 'Kirsten Donovan', 'Russia-Ukraine crisis', 'Alexey Mordashov', 'DELAYS POSSIBLE', '2024 bond', 'Reuters', 'clock', 'Wednesday', 'country', 'number', 'end', 'creditors', 'source', 'money', 'Citibank', 'people', 'deadline', 'issues', 'application', 'Event', 'countersanctions', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'NSD', 'group', 'banks', 'part', 'trades', 'result', 'Story', 'requests', 'comment', 'Investors', 'right', 'laws', 'Gazprom', 'problems', 'NLMK', 'Eurochem', 'firms', 'Tuesday', 'foreigners', 'fact', 'transactions', 'clarifications', 'curbs', 'The', 'Monday', 'statement', 'orders', 'need', 'Editing']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1313,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/sanctions-delay-payments-to-russian-corporate-eurobond-holders-944658,Steel giant Severstal scrambles to avoid first major default of Russia-Ukraine crisis,(Reuters) -   Russian holders of domestic corporate Eurobonds face delays in receiving payments settled through international agents  as transactions get snarled up by sanctions  Russia&#039;s National Settlement Depository (NSD)  companies and analysts said.,A source close to the steel firm said the money had been transferred last week but was yet to be processed and passed on by its paying agent Citibank.“This will technically be the first default since the crisis began to unfold ” Seaport Global credit analyst Himanshu Porwal said.“But people will know it is driven by the way the sanctions have been formulated  rather than the company’s fault ” adding Severstal might find a way to make the payment in the coming days  especially if Mordashov were to cut or relinquish his large stake in the firm  which itself is not sanctioned.With Wednesday’s deadline fast approaching Severstal said it had been in constant discussions about the issues  and that it was looking at an application for special “licences” that may be required to make the payment.The legal terms of the bonds state an “Event of Default” can be formally declared five working days after the March 16 coupon due date.The latest Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that transferring payments on Russian government and corporate bonds has become complex.Previously payments like Severstal’s would have been processed by international clearing houses such as Clearstream or Euroclear  which confirm asset ownership  and also funnel payments for domestic bondholders to Russia’s National Settlement Depository (NSD).However both Euroclear  owned by a group of global exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  have said they will stop settling trades in Russian securities as a result of the EU’s sanctions.Neither Clearstream  Euroclear nor Citigroup responded to requests for comment.DELAYS POSSIBLEA Severstal default would be the first by a major Russian company since Moscow was blanketed by sanctions for what it calls its “special military operation” in Ukraine  but it may not be alone.Russian companies need to make $18.5 billion of international bond payments by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  while Moscow needs to pay another $3.4 billion on its foreign currency sovereign bonds.Investors would have the right to take legal action to reclaim unpaid amounts  most likely in the United Kingdom or the United States – under whose laws most international market bonds are issued.Payments due in coming days include from Gazprom  which made a payment without problems earlier this month  Russian Railways on March 25 and Polyus Gold on March 28  the same day as Russia’s next international sovereign bond payment falls due.It’s not just international bondholders who are affected. Severstal  Russia’s top steelmaker NLMK  state-owned Russian Railways and fertiliser producer Eurochem are all struggling to get payments to Russian bondholders  the firms themselves and ITI Capital say.NLMK said on Tuesday it had paid a coupon on a 2024 bond but while foreigners had started to receive their money  Russian holders hadn’t.“This is due to the fact that… Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia’s NSD ” NLMK said. “We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents.”NSD confirmed it was receiving payments from Euroclear  but said it will not process these until Euroclear gets clarifications from European regulators.“After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed…as usual ” it said.The daily Kommersant newspaper  citing a source at a large brokerage firm  said some Russian holders of Moscow’s sovereign bonds also hadn’t received payments. A source at a European-based fund told Reuters it too had not received a sovereign bond payment due on Monday.The Russian finance ministry  Russian Railways and Eurochem did not reply to requests for comment.“Delays are possible for payments cleared via international depositories ” NSD added in a statement to Reuters.“This could be linked to ‘manual’ processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators”.(Reporting by Reuters; Editing by Alexander Smith  Kirsten Donovan),negative,0.02,0.2,0.78,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['Steel giant Severstal', 'first major default', 'Russia-Ukraine crisis', 'next international sovereign bond payment', 'Seaport Global credit analyst', 'foreign currency sovereign bonds', 'most international market bonds', 'March 16 coupon due date', 'international clearing houses', 'National Settlement Depository', 'daily Kommersant newspaper', 'Russian finance ministry', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'state-owned Russian Railways', 'latest Western sanctions', 'large brokerage firm', 'international bond payments', 'major Russian company', 'international bondholders', 'international depositories', 'global exchanges', 'corporate bonds', 'large stake', 'Russian government', 'Russian securities', 'Russian companies', 'Russian bondholders', 'Russian holders', 'Russian residents', 'steel firm', 'paying agent', 'Himanshu Porwal', 'coming days', 'constant discussions', 'special “licences', 'legal terms', 'asset ownership', 'domestic bondholders', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'legal action', 'unpaid amounts', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Polyus Gold', 'top steelmaker', 'fertiliser producer', 'legal grounds', 'European regulators', 'European-based fund', 'manual’ processing', 'Alexander Smith', 'Kirsten Donovan', 'first default', 'DELAYS POSSIBLE', '2024 bond', 'Severstal default', 'source', 'money', 'Citibank', 'crisis', 'people', 'Mordashov', 'Wednesday', 'deadline', 'issues', 'application', 'Event', 'countersanctions', 'Moscow', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'NSD', 'group', 'banks', 'part', 'trades', 'result', 'requests', 'comment', 'Ukraine', 'year-end', 'Investors', 'right', 'laws', 'Gazprom', 'problems', 'NLMK', 'Eurochem', 'firms', 'Tuesday', 'foreigners', 'fact', 'transactions', 'clarifications', 'curbs', 'The', 'Reuters', 'Monday', 'statement', 'orders', 'need', 'Editing']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,fxempire.com
1314,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.business-standard.com/article/international/russia-warns-of-possible-payment-delays-for-domestic-eurobond-holders-122032300698_1.html,Russia warns of possible payment delays for domestic Eurobond holders,Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) said that Russian holders of domestic corporate Eurobonds may see delays in receiving payments,"Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) said on Wednesday that Russian holders of domestic corporate Eurobonds may see delays in receiving payments settled through agents  as transactions get snarled up by sanctions.""Delays are possible for payments cleared via depositories. This could be linked to 'manual' processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators "" NSD said in a statement to Reuters.Russian sovereign and corporate Eurobond payments were previously processed by clearing and settlement firms such as Clearstream and Euroclear  which process payments and confirm ownership of assets before sending cash to Western bondholders and then to NSD for domestic holders.However  Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that the payment process on hard currency bonds issued by or Russian companies has become much more complicated  with some payments delayed or getting stuck in transit.Euroclear  owned by exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  both said they would stop settling trades in Russian securities in response to European Union financial sanctions after Russia's invasion of Ukraine last month.Clearstream and Euroclear did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Russian companies are due to pay $18.5 billion in external debt  including coupon payments  by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  and the Russian ministry is due to pay another $3.4 billion in sovereign Eurobonds.In a separate statement  NSD said that it is receiving Eurobond payments from Euroclear but will not process these until Euroclear gets clarifications from European regulators.NSD said it is not getting payments from Clearstream.""After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed... as usual "" NSD said.Dmitry Lesnov  head of the customer service department at Finam  said that his company is not receiving payments made via Euroclear or Clearstream.""We do not receive payments on foreign securities made via Euroclear  NSD receives them but does not yet process (them)  (we are) awaiting further clarifications "" he said.(Reporting by Reuters; Editing by Alexander Smith)(This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)",negative,0.03,0.39,0.59,negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['possible payment delays', 'domestic Eurobond holders', 'Russia', 'European Union financial sanctions', 'hard currency bonds', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'customer service department', 'Business Standard staff', 'National Settlement Depository', 'domestic corporate Eurobonds', 'corporate Eurobond payments', 'European regulators', 'settlement firms', 'domestic holders', 'sovereign Eurobonds', 'Western sanctions', 'Russian holders', ""manual' processing"", 'Russian companies', 'Russian sovereign', 'Western bondholders', 'payment process', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Russian securities', 'external debt', 'Russian ministry', 'Dmitry Lesnov', 'foreign securities', 'Alexander Smith', 'syndicated feed', 'separate statement', 'coupon payments', 'NSD', 'Wednesday', 'delays', 'agents', 'transactions', 'depositories', 'orders', 'need', 'clarifications', 'Reuters', 'clearing', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ownership', 'assets', 'cash', 'countersanctions', 'Moscow', 'transit', 'exchanges', 'banks', 'trades', 'response', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'request', 'comment', 'year-end', 'curbs', 'head', 'Finam', 'company', 'Editing', 'story']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,business-standard.com
1315,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.digitaltrends.com/home-theater/best-indoor-tv-antennas/,The best indoor TV antennas for 2022,Looking for an indoor TV antenna to help pick up free HD broadcasts and any available 4K channels in your area? Our top picks offer the features that you need.,Indoor antennas can solve a number of TV problems in one swipe. They let you cut your cable bill  receive HD or 4K broadcasts totally for free (in the right regions)  and typically work with built-in TV tuners straight out of the box. And with today’s indoor antenna designs  there’s no need to mess with complicated outdoor placements: A nearby window or shelf is all you need!If you’re on the hunt to enable HD+ broadcasts for your home theater  we’ve got the best indoor TV antenna models you need to look at  starting with the user-friendly Winegard Amped Pro.Note: It’s a good idea to check your TV for a coaxial connection before you begin. Most TVs still have these ports  and they are necessary for many indoor TV antenna devices. Let's get into it.Winegard Amped ProBest overall indoor TV antennaPros Super user-friendly with the accompanying appSoftware to enhance signalsStrong 60-mile radius rating Cons Some more rural users may want more than a 60-mile rangeThis Winegard antenna shows up on some of our other antenna lists as one of the most user-friendly options available — the perfect choice if you don’t want to waste time or energy adding an indoor antenna. The Amped Pro lets you skip right to browsing your free channels ASAP thanks to its friendly setup app and Bluetooth pairing  which cuts out any confusion for new users.The “Amped” part is also far from an exaggeration: This antenna was designed to pick up signs from up to 60 miles away  a strong rating for getting as many channel options as you can in your area. It also uses Clear Circuit technology to help make broadcasts more accurate and less prone to suddenly pixelating at key moments. You can also easily mount it anywhere that works  including the back of your TV  a nearby wall  or a window.Winegard Amped Pro Best overall indoor TV antenna MoreAntennas Direct ClearStream EclipseBlends in with any decorPros Tons of placement optionsCan use Antenna Direct's app to review nearby TV towersEasily paintable to the color of your walls Cons Limited 35-mile rangeThe ClearStream Eclipse is a simple circle that you can stick on any nearby surface  making it especially useful for TV setups where you don’t have much space but still want to add an antenna. It’s even paintable  so you can paint it to match your wall or nearby décor. The 12-foot coaxial cable also gives you plenty of options to place the antenna away from your TV.The model is rated for signals up to 35 miles away  and Antenna’s Direct has an Antenna Point app that can help you locate nearby TV towers to see what signals you are most likely to pick up at this range. There aren’t a lot of extra bells or whistles here  but the ease of placement is unparalleled.Antennas Direct ClearStream Eclipse Blends in with any decor MoreMohu Leaf Supreme ProBest for no-fuss setupPros Full range of features including amplifierBuilt-in signal indicator to detect best placementFits nearly anywhere Cons Requires extra USB connection to connect the power injector.Mohu is another favored brand of our for indoor antenna products. They make high-powered  compact antennas that are great fits for apartments  living rooms  dorms  and similar indoor spots. This 65-mile antenna showcases some of Mohu’s best work. Don’t let the basic rectangle design fool you; this UHF/Hi-VHF multi-directional antenna has a wide range  is fully ready for 4K signals  and includes a compact amplifier to help improve signal strength. If you want to ensure signal quality  this is a great option.The Leaf Supreme Pro also has a built-in signal indicator  so you can move it around your TV area to get an idea of where the best placement is without needing to do a time-consuming channel check every single time. It comes with a 12-foot coaxial cable for connections and a power injector USB attachment to power the amplifier directly from your TV.Mohu Leaf Supreme Pro Best for no-fuss setup More1byone Amplified AntennaBest for signal rangePros Amazing 200 mile rangeAffordableExtra-long cable Cons Larger design that's harder to hidePicks like our Antenna’s Direct antenna have a smaller range at 35 miles  designed primarily for those who live in more urban areas where TV towers tend to have plenty of overlap. This 1byone antenna goes the opposite direction. It has a massive 200-mile range that attempts to pick up signals from as many towers as possible  a much better choice for those living in small towns or more rural areas.The antenna is also one of the more affordable on our list and comes with an extra-long 17-foot cable. The downside to this immense range is that the antenna is bulkier than most with its dual fold-out sections  and you really want to place it as high as possible for the best results  so it may end up being more noticeable.1byone Amplified Antenna Best for signal rangeAntop Smart Bar AntennaBest for extra featuresPros Impressive 80-mile rangeIntegrated FM radioAdjustable amplifier Cons Not designed to hide awayFor those who still want excellent range but don’t like the idea of attaching anything to their walls or windows  this indoor antenna offers an alternative. It’s a bar that you can set either horizontally or vertically  and it’s stylish enough to go with other objects around your TV center so you don’t have to worry about hiding anything. Range is impressive  too  at 80 miles  making this another model for picking up as many channels as possible.While you can’t place this antenna on a wall or window  it does come with a few interesting extra features to compensate. That includes a smart boost system to amplify signals that can be turned on with a button  an integrated FM antenna for picking up radio channels  and amplifier modulation so you can control the strength of the amplifier to find the best settings for each channel.Antop Smart Bar Antenna Best for extra features MoreMohu BladeBest affordable TV antennaPros Great budget pick50-mile rangeBuilt-in amplifier Cons Not as easy to place as some antennasIf you don’t want to spend much money at all on a TV antenna but still want results  Mohu has an option for you: The Blade  which falls under $20 while still offering a 50-mile range and built-in amplifier. This will get you the stations available in your area without breaking the bank. While it’s not a large bar  it’s also not as thin as the peel-and-paste options on our list  so you will need to make a little room for it behind or under your TV  or perhaps on a nearby window sill. Fortunately  the included 10-foot coaxial cable does give you a variety of placement options.Mohu Blade Best affordable TV antennaEditors' Recommendations,positive,0.65,0.35,0.01,mixed,0.8,0.1,0.1,True,English,"['best indoor TV antennas', 'many indoor TV antenna devices', 'best indoor TV antenna models', 'Best overall indoor TV antenna', 'The Leaf Supreme Pro', 'Antop Smart Bar Antenna', 'Mohu Leaf Supreme Pro', 'power injector USB attachment', 'Strong 60-mile radius rating', 'Cons Limited 35-mile range', 'user-friendly Winegard Amped Pro', 'The Amped Pro', 'similar indoor spots', 'The ClearStream Eclipse', 'indoor antenna designs', 'indoor antenna products', 'complicated outdoor placements', 'Clear Circuit technology', 'ClearStream Eclipse Blends', 'time-consuming channel check', 'dual fold-out sections', 'Integrated FM radio', 'long 17-foot cable', 'other antenna lists', 'UHF/Hi-VHF multi-directional antenna', 'accompanying app Software', 'nearby décor', 'basic rectangle design', '12-foot coaxial cable', 'many channel options', 'extra USB connection', 'Amazing 200 mile range', 'massive 200-mile range', 'Impressive 80-mile range', '1byone Amplified Antenna', 'Extra-long cable Cons', 'Antenna Point app', 'This Winegard antenna', 'friendly setup app', 'nearby TV towers', 'high-powered, compact antennas', 'Adjustable amplifier Cons', 'strong rating', 'many towers', 'Indoor antennas', '60-mile range', 'best work', 'best results', '1byone antenna', 'coaxial connection', 'best placement', 'user-friendly options', 'Amped” part', 'cable bill', 'TV problems', 'TV tuners', 'TV setups', 'Antenna Direct', '65-mile antenna', 'Direct antenna', 'nearby surface', 'Larger design', 'extra bells', 'fuss setup', 'Full range', 'wide range', 'signal range', 'smaller range', 'immense range', 'excellent range', 'compact amplifier', 'TV area', 'one swipe', 'right regions', 'nearby window', 'home theater', 'Most TVs', 'rural users', 'free channels', 'Bluetooth pairing', 'new users', 'key moments', 'nearby wall', 'simple circle', 'signal indicator', 'great fits', 'living rooms', 'signal strength', 'signal quality', 'great option', 'urban areas', 'opposite direction', 'small towns', 'rural areas', 'extra features', 'placement options', '4K broadcasts', 'HD+ broadcasts', 'perfect choice', 'good idea', '4K signals', 'number', 'box', 'today', 'need', 'shelf', 'hunt', 'Note', 'ports', 'Pros', 'energy', 'confusion', 'exaggeration', 'back', 'decor', 'Tons', 'color', 'walls', 'space', 'plenty', 'lot', 'whistles', 'ease', 'brand', 'apartments', 'dorms', 'connections', 'Affordable', 'Picks', '35 miles', 'overlap', 'downside']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,digitaltrends.com
1316,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.rappler.com/business/sanctions-delay-payments-russian-corporate-eurobond-holders-march-23-2022/,Sanctions delay payments to Russian corporate Eurobond holders,Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that the payment process on hard currency bonds issued by Russia or Russian companies has become much more complicated,MOSCOW. Cars drive along Tverskaya street with the towers of the State Historical Museum and the Kremlin in the background  in central Moscow  Russia  March 23  2022.Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that the payment process on hard currency bonds issued by Russia or Russian companies has become much more complicatedRussian holders of domestic corporate Eurobonds face delays in receiving payments settled through international agents  as transactions get snarled up by sanctions  Russia’s National Settlement Depository (NSD)  companies  and analysts said.Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that the payment process on hard currency bonds issued by Russia or Russian companies has become much more complicated  with some payments delayed or getting stuck in transit.Russian sovereign and corporate Eurobond payments were previously processed by international clearing and settlement firms such as Clearstream and Euroclear  which process payments and confirm ownership of assets before sending cash to Western bondholders and then to NSD for domestic holders.Euroclear  owned by exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  said they would stop settling trades in Russian securities in response to European Union sanctions after last month’s Russian invasion of Ukraine  which Moscow describes as a “strategic military operation.”“Delays are possible for payments cleared via international depositories ” NSD said in a statement to Reuters.“This could be linked to ‘manual’ processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators ” NSD added.Clearstream and Euroclear did not respond to requests for comment.Payments affectedRussian companies are due to pay $18.5 billion in external debt  including interest payments known as coupons  by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  and the Russian finance ministry is due to pay another $3.4 billion in sovereign Eurobonds.Russian holders of at least four corporate Eurobonds are struggling to get payments  the firms themselves and ITI Capital say  namely steelmakers NLMK and Severstal  state-owned Russian Railways  and fertilizer producer Eurochem.NLMK  Russia’s top steelmaker  said in a statement on Tuesday  March 22  that had it paid a coupon on its Eurobond due in 2024 and foreign noteholders started to receive their coupon payments  while Russian holders did not.“This is due to the fact that…Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia’s NSD. We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents ” it said.Severstal  whose main shareholder  Alexei Mordashov  was sanctioned by the EU on February 28  is also having trouble with the processing of its Eurobond coupon payment.The payment sent last week by Severstal for the coupon on its 2024 loan participation notes (LPN) has yet to be processed by Citibank  with the grace period set to expire on Wednesday  March 23  a source close to Severstal told Reuters on Tuesday.Russian Railways and Eurochem did not reply to Reuters requests for a comment.In a separate statement  NSD said that it is receiving Eurobond payments from Euroclear  but will not process these until Euroclear gets clarification from European regulators.NSD said it is not getting payments from Clearstream.“After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed…as usual ” NSD said.Dmitry Lesnov  head of the customer service department at Finam  said that his company is not receiving payments made via Euroclear or Clearstream and is awaiting further clarification.Coupon payments due over the next few days include from Gazprom and SIBUR on Wednesday  Russian Railways on Friday  March 25  and Polyus Gold on Monday  March 28  the same day Russia is due to make its next international bond payment.The Russian finance ministry made a $117-million and a $66-million Eurobond coupon payment recently  with foreign bondholders receiving their funds.Kommersant daily newspaper  citing a source at a large brokerage firm  said on Wednesday that some Russian holders of sovereign Eurobonds had not received coupon payments.The finance ministry did not reply to a request for a comment. – Rappler.com,negative,0.02,0.28,0.7,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['Russian corporate Eurobond holders', 'Sanctions', 'payments', 'next international bond payment', '$66-million Eurobond coupon payment', 'State Historical Museum', 'hard currency bonds', 'strategic military operation', '2024 loan participation notes', 'customer service department', 'Kommersant daily newspaper', 'large brokerage firm', 'National Settlement Depository', 'four corporate Eurobonds', 'domestic corporate Eurobonds', 'Russian finance ministry', 'state-owned Russian Railways', 'European Union sanctions', 'corporate Eurobond payments', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'payment process', 'international agents', 'international clearing', 'domestic holders', 'international depositories', 'sovereign Eurobonds', 'European regulators', 'Russian holders', 'Russian sovereign', 'Russian securities', 'Russian invasion', 'Russian residents', 'Tverskaya street', 'Western sanctions', 'settlement firms', 'Western bondholders', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'last month', 'external debt', 'fertilizer producer', 'top steelmaker', 'foreign noteholders', 'legal grounds', 'main shareholder', 'Alexei Mordashov', 'grace period', 'Dmitry Lesnov', 'Polyus Gold', 'foreign bondholders', 'Russian companies', 'coupon payments', 'manual’ processing', 'interest payments', 'separate statement', 'central Moscow', 'Reuters requests', 'Cars', 'towers', 'Kremlin', 'background', 'countersanctions', 'delays', 'transactions', 'NSD', 'transit', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ownership', 'assets', 'cash', 'exchanges', 'banks', 'trades', 'response', 'Ukraine', 'orders', 'need', 'clarifications', 'comment', 'coupons', 'year-end', 'steelmakers', 'NLMK', 'Severstal', 'Eurochem', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'fact', 'February', 'trouble', 'LPN', 'Citibank', 'Wednesday', 'source', 'curbs', 'head', 'Finam', 'company', 'days', 'Gazprom', 'SIBUR', 'Friday', 'Monday', 'funds', 'Rappler']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,rappler.com
1317,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.saltwire.com/atlantic-canada/business/sanctions-delay-payments-to-russian-corporate-eurobond-holders-100709546/,Steel giant Severstal scrambles to avoid first major default of Russia-Ukraine crisis,11 hours ago,"(Reuters) -Russian steel giant Severstal was racing against the clock on Wednesday to avoid becoming the country's first major corporate default since the Ukraine crisis began  with international payment lines snarled by sanctions.Severstal  whose main shareholder Alexey Mordashov is one of a number of wealthy Russians now sanctioned by the European Union  has until the end of the day to get an already overdue $12.6 million loan 'coupon' payment to its creditors.A source close to the steel firm said the money had been transferred last week but was yet to be processed and passed on by its paying agent Citibank.""This will technically be the first default since the crisis began to unfold "" Seaport Global credit analyst Himanshu Porwal said.""But people will know it is driven by the way the sanctions have been formulated  rather than the company's fault "" adding Severstal might find a way to make the payment in the coming days  especially if Mordashov were to cut or relinquish his large stake in the firm  which itself is not sanctioned.With Wednesday's deadline fast approaching Severstal said it had been in constant discussions about the issues  and that it was looking at an application for special ""licences"" that may be required to make the payment.The legal terms of the bonds state an ""Event of Default"" can be formally declared five working days after the March 16 coupon due date.The latest Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that transferring payments on Russian government and corporate bonds has become complex.Previously payments like Severstal's would have been processed by international clearing houses such as Clearstream or Euroclear  which confirm asset ownership  and also funnel payments for domestic bondholders to Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD).However both Euroclear  owned by a group of global exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  have said they will stop settling trades in Russian securities as a result of the EU's sanctions.Neither Clearstream  Euroclear nor Citigroup responded to requests for comment.DELAYS POSSIBLEA Severstal default would be the first by a major Russian company since Moscow was blanketed by sanctions for what it calls its ""special military operation"" in Ukraine  but it may not be alone.Russian companies need to make $18.5 billion of international bond payments by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  while Moscow needs to pay another $3.4 billion on its foreign currency sovereign bonds.Investors would have the right to take legal action to reclaim unpaid amounts  most likely in the United Kingdom or the United States - under whose laws most international market bonds are issued.Payments due in coming days include from Gazprom  which made a payment without problems earlier this month  Russian Railways on March 25 and Polyus Gold on March 28  the same day as Russia's next international sovereign bond payment falls due.It's not just international bondholders who are affected. Severstal  Russia's top steelmaker NLMK  state-owned Russian Railways and fertiliser producer Eurochem are all struggling to get payments to Russian bondholders  the firms themselves and ITI Capital say.NLMK said on Tuesday it had paid a coupon on a 2024 bond but while foreigners had started to receive their money  Russian holders hadn't.""This is due to the fact that... Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia's NSD "" NLMK said. ""We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents.""NSD confirmed it was receiving payments from Euroclear  but said it will not process these until Euroclear gets clarifications from European regulators.""After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed...as usual "" it said.The daily Kommersant newspaper  citing a source at a large brokerage firm  said some Russian holders of Moscow's sovereign bonds also hadn't received payments. A source at a European-based fund told Reuters it too had not received a sovereign bond payment due on Monday.The Russian finance ministry  Russian Railways and Eurochem did not reply to requests for comment.""Delays are possible for payments cleared via international depositories "" NSD added in a statement to Reuters.""This could be linked to 'manual' processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators"".(Reporting by Reuters; Editing by Alexander Smith  Kirsten Donovan)",negative,0.02,0.2,0.78,negative,0.01,0.2,0.79,True,English,"['Steel giant Severstal', 'first major default', 'Russia-Ukraine crisis', ""overdue $12.6 million loan 'coupon' payment"", 'next international sovereign bond payment', 'Seaport Global credit analyst', 'foreign currency sovereign bonds', 'most international market bonds', 'March 16 coupon due date', 'first major corporate default', 'Russian steel giant Severstal', 'international clearing houses', 'National Settlement Depository', 'daily Kommersant newspaper', 'international payment lines', 'Russian finance ministry', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'major Russian company', 'state-owned Russian Railways', 'large brokerage firm', 'latest Western sanctions', 'international bond payments', 'corporate bonds', 'first default', 'international bondholders', 'international depositories', 'steel firm', 'global exchanges', 'large stake', 'Russian government', 'Russian securities', 'Russian companies', 'Russian bondholders', 'Russian holders', 'Russian residents', 'main shareholder', 'wealthy Russians', 'European Union', 'paying agent', 'Himanshu Porwal', 'coming days', 'constant discussions', 'special ""licences', 'legal terms', 'asset ownership', 'domestic bondholders', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'legal action', 'unpaid amounts', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Polyus Gold', 'top steelmaker', 'fertiliser producer', 'legal grounds', 'European regulators', 'European-based fund', ""manual' processing"", 'Alexander Smith', 'Kirsten Donovan', 'Severstal default', 'Alexey Mordashov', 'DELAYS POSSIBLE', 'Ukraine crisis', '2024 bond', 'Reuters', 'clock', 'Wednesday', 'country', 'number', 'end', 'creditors', 'source', 'money', 'Citibank', 'people', 'deadline', 'issues', 'application', 'Event', 'countersanctions', 'Moscow', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'NSD', 'group', 'banks', 'part', 'trades', 'result', 'requests', 'comment', 'Investors', 'right', 'laws', 'Gazprom', 'problems', 'NLMK', 'Eurochem', 'firms', 'Tuesday', 'foreigners', 'fact', 'transactions', 'clarifications', 'curbs', 'The', 'Monday', 'statement', 'orders', 'need', 'Editing']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,saltwire.com
1318,Clearstream,Google API,https://finovate.com/exploring-tokenized-assets-collaborative-innovation-in-action/,Exploring Tokenized Assets: Collaborative Innovation in Action,1 day ago,This is a sponsored blog post by Nick Kerigan  Head of Innovation  Swift.Working with Clearstream  Northern Trust  SETL and others  SWIFT plans experiments in 2022 to explore how it can support interoperability in the development of the tokenized asset market.Relative to cryptocurrencies and stablecoins  the current market capitalization of tokenized assets is small  but momentum for these digital assets is expected to accelerate rapidly in the coming years. By some estimates  volumes could reach some 24 trillion USD by 2027.Tokenization can be applied to stocks and bonds  but also to illiquid assets  including commodities  property or even art. For example  a share or bond with a high value per unit (say over $500) can be divided into digital pieces that each have ownership and value. This increases the liquidity of the overall asset  and accessibility  by enabling a wider demographic of people to invest in assets that may historically have been unavailable to them.Banks and securities firms are responding to tokenization by developing services − including fractionalization  a process whereby assets are broken into smaller value digital tokens − amongst other digital asset servicing capabilities  such as private key safekeeping. Financial market infrastructures also are embracing tokenization by supporting the full lifecycle of digital securities.As interest increases  SWIFT is exploring how it can enable and improve interoperability between participants and systems during the transactional lifecycle of tokenized assets. To this end  SWIFT plans a series of experiments throughout 2022 leveraging its trusted role as a central platform to explore the issuance  delivery versus payment (DVP)  and redemption processes  to support a frictionless and seamless tokenized asset market. These experiments will use both established forms of payment and central bank digital currencies (CBDCs).Asset tokenization − a trend and challenge for securities marketsOver the coming decade  tokenized and traditional assets will likely co-exist  and this poses potential challenges. One major risk is that a variety of technologies  platforms and regulatory environments will create a thicket of connections for securities market participants. This could result in inefficiencies and fragmentation  as well as rising costs and risks across the industry.SWIFT is uniquely placed to help solve this challenge. As a neutral  global cooperative with a strong focus on ensuring interoperability and setting standards for the industry  we are able to interconnect market participants and simplify operations by completing activities centrally that otherwise would be performed bilaterally between institutions. This role relies on SWIFT’s strong identity and security frameworks  alongside our unparalleled reach and record of reliability.With this in mind  we are looking at how we can support both traditional and tokenized assets flows  with a focus on regulated assets only. We would not become a crypto-custodian nor perform direct settlement of tokenized assets as a financial market infrastructure would. Rather  we see our role as helping to connect all entities as efficiently as possible and enabling our customers to provide better services to their end-users.Collaborative innovation in actionSWIFT  Clearstream  Northern Trust  SETL and other industry participants are exploring the feasibility and benefits of SWIFT as an interconnector  linking up multiple tokenization platforms and various cash-leg payment types. This will build on SWIFT’s successes in achieving interoperability for CBDCs outlined in our whitepaper published last year.In the experiments  Clearstream and Northern Trust  alongside other industry players  will represent key parts of the tokenized − and traditional − asset ecosystem  including securities market infrastructures  as well a local and global custodians. SETL and Northern Trust will support SWIFT and the participants in the integration between the various DLT environments and with transaction orchestrations using their respective capabilities. Results of the experiments will be shared with the financial community afterwards.“As a neutral cooperative with a reach across 11 500 institutions in more than 200 countries  and oversight by central banks globally  SWIFT is uniquely placed to engage closely in the future of securities ” says Thomas Zschach  Chief Innovation Officer  SWIFT. “We look forward to this set of new experiments and innovating collaboratively with market participants on the emerging trend of tokenized assets.”“Our vision for instant and frictionless transactions not only applies to traditional securities instruments but also to new asset classes as well ” adds Vikesh Patel  Head of Securities Strategy  SWIFT. “The insights from this exercise with leading capital markets participants will help us define and prioritize the concrete steps required to enable seamless processes for tokenized assets.”Anthony Culligan  Chief Engineer at SETL  stated: “We are very pleased to be contributing to this important initiative. We see significant innovation in securities tokenization at the moment and these experiments have the potential to create broader accessibility and interoperability between the emerging networks.”Keep an eye out for the results of our experiments – we’ll be publishing them later in 2022. In the meantime  to find out how your firm could collaborate with us  get in touch at innovate@swift.com. We can’t wait to hear from you.Photo by Alina Grubnyak on Unsplash,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.25,0.39,True,English,"['Tokenized Assets', 'Collaborative Innovation', 'Action', 'other digital asset servicing capabilities', 'central bank digital currencies', 'smaller value digital tokens', 'various cash-leg payment types', 'leading capital markets participants', 'seamless tokenized asset market', 'One major risk', 'various DLT environments', 'current market capitalization', 'other industry players', 'new asset classes', 'Financial market infrastructures', 'private key safekeeping', 'traditional − asset ecosystem', 'securities market infrastructures', 'other industry participants', 'neutral, global cooperative', 'Chief Innovation Officer', 'traditional securities instruments', 'securities market participants', 'tokenized assets flows', 'multiple tokenization platforms', 'respective capabilities', 'digital securities', 'securities markets', 'digital pieces', 'overall asset', 'digital assets', 'neutral cooperative', 'seamless processes', 'Asset tokenization', 'central platform', 'financial community', 'regulatory environments', 'key parts', 'global custodians', 'Chief Engineer', 'high value', 'securities firms', 'Securities Strategy', 'traditional assets', 'central banks', 'blog post', 'Nick Kerigan', 'Northern Trust', 'coming years', 'wider demographic', 'full lifecycle', 'interest increases', 'transactional lifecycle', 'redemption processes', 'coming decade', 'potential challenges', 'rising costs', 'strong identity', 'security frameworks', 'direct settlement', 'Collaborative innovation', 'transaction orchestrations', 'Thomas Zschach', 'Vikesh Patel', 'concrete steps', 'Anthony Culligan', 'illiquid assets', 'regulated assets', 'new experiments', 'strong focus', 'unparalleled reach', 'emerging trend', 'frictionless transactions', 'trusted role', 'tokenized −', 'Head', 'Swift', 'Clearstream', 'SETL', 'others', 'interoperability', 'development', 'cryptocurrencies', 'stablecoins', 'momentum', 'estimates', 'volumes', 'trillion', 'stocks', 'bonds', 'commodities', 'property', 'example', 'share', 'ownership', 'liquidity', 'accessibility', 'people', 'services', 'fractionalization', 'systems', 'series', 'issuance', 'delivery', 'DVP', 'CBDCs', 'variety', 'technologies', 'thicket', 'connections', 'inefficiencies', 'fragmentation', 'risks', 'standards', 'operations', 'activities', 'institutions', 'record', 'reliability', 'mind', 'crypto-custodian', 'entities', 'customers', 'end-users', 'feasibility', 'benefits', 'interconnector', 'successes', 'whitepaper', 'local', 'integration', 'Results', '200 countries', 'oversight', 'future', 'vision', 'instant', 'insights', 'exercise', 'import', '2022']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,finovate.com
1319,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.lexology.com/library/detail.aspx?g=8982f6ed-2d91-4308-bfa2-95089fe7688d,War Bonds: Invest to Support Ukraine,15 hours ago,On 24 February 2022  the Russian Federation initiated an illegal  unprovoked and unprecedented full-scale military assault on Ukraine which is actively ongoing. This act of aggression has required the Ukrainian government to take immediate and decisive measures to resist the attack and to stabilise and support the functioning of the state  especially its military. Therefore  one of the key priorities is the financing of the Ukrainian army.To raise the required financing and support the army  the Ministry of Finance has decided to issue series of war bonds that can be purchased both by Ukrainian legal entities and individuals  and foreign investors who want to support Ukraine. These bonds can be nominated and purchased either in UAH or USD with a payback period of one year.The most recent auction on 15 March 2022 generated huge interest. During the auction  the Ministry of Finance issued and placed bonds worth a total of UAH 5.1 billion and USD 12 million. The interest rate for the military bonds in UAH was set at 11%  and the rate for USD was at 3.7%.Military bonds are traded through primary dealers that participate in auctions held by the Ministry of Finance in the interests of their clients. Among the primary dealers are two international and two local banks. In particular  the local banks include Оschadbank and PrivatBank. International banks acting as primary dealers are Citibank and Raiffeisen Bank. More detailed information on the list of the primary dealers can be found at this link: https://mof.gov.ua/en/perelik-pervinnih-dileriv.For direct purchases  a foreign investor has to follow these steps:choose and conclude an agreement with a Ukrainian broker with primary dealer status (the Broker);open a securities account in one of the Ukrainian depository institutions;place an order with the Broker.If they do not have direct access to Ukrainian depositary system or brokers  foreign investors can also consider using their foreign custodians as intermediaries in the process. Several foreign custodians have access to the Ukrainian depositary system through nominee accounts foreign custodians hold with Ukrainian custodians. These foreign custodians are able to purchase and hold Ukrainian securities on behalf of their clients without the need for their clients to open Ukrainian accounts. Ukrainian war bonds can also be purchased via Clearstream.Ukrainian war bonds are attractive financial instruments that significantly support Ukraine and its army  while at the same time providing good yields to investors.,neutral,0.06,0.65,0.28,mixed,0.4,0.07,0.52,True,English,"['War Bonds', 'Ukraine', 'unprecedented full-scale military assault', 'nominee accounts foreign custodians', 'More detailed information', 'attractive financial instruments', 'Ukrainian legal entities', 'Ukrainian depository institutions', 'Ukrainian depositary system', 'primary dealer status', 'Several foreign custodians', 'two local banks', 'Ukrainian war bonds', 'Ukrainian accounts', 'Ukrainian custodians', 'Ukrainian government', 'two international', 'Ukrainian securities', 'foreign investor', 'International banks', 'military bonds', 'primary dealers', 'Russian Federation', 'illegal, unprovoked', 'decisive measures', 'key priorities', 'payback period', 'one year', 'huge interest', 'Raiffeisen Bank', 'mof.gov', 'direct purchases', 'securities account', 'same time', 'good yields', 'Ukrainian army', 'Ukrainian broker', 'recent auction', 'interest rate', 'direct access', 'investors', '24 February', 'Ukraine', 'aggression', 'immediate', 'attack', 'functioning', 'state', 'financing', 'Ministry', 'Finance', 'series', 'individuals', 'UAH', 'USD', '15 March', 'total', 'auctions', 'interests', 'clients', 'Оschadbank', 'PrivatBank', 'Citibank', 'list', 'link', 'perelik', 'pervinnih', 'dileriv', 'steps', 'agreement', 'order', 'brokers', 'intermediaries', 'process', 'behalf', 'need', 'Clearstream']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,lexology.com
1320,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220323005232/en/WaterWipes%C2%AE-Baby-Wipes-are-Now-100-Biodegradable-and-Plastic-Free-a-First-for-Major-U.S.-Baby-Brands,WaterWipes® Baby Wipes are Now 100% Biodegradable and Plastic-Free  a First for Major U.S. Baby Brands,10 hours ago,PORTSMOUTH  N.H.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Today WaterWipes®  the world's purest baby wipes  announces the launch of its new 100% biodegradable and plastic-free wipes  making WaterWipes® the first major U.S. baby brand to change all their wipes to be 100% biodegradable  plant-based  plastic-free and compostable. WaterWipes® baby wipes are even made using 100% green energy (wind). This change  which has also been rolled out globally  will mean WaterWipes® will save the equivalent of 228 million plastic bottles and 3.28 Olympic-sized swimming pools of water a year and most importantly  be part of the movement to help reduce the amount of waste filling our landfills.1“As the world has grown more environmentally conscious  so has WaterWipes ” said Lindsay Martin  Vice President  WaterWipes North America. “With the U.S. launch of biodegradable and plastic-free wipes we’re excited to offer a product that is better for the planet  without compromising the quality of our wipes. This launch marks another step forward in WaterWipes’ commitment to sustainability.”WaterWipes® baby wipes will continue to be made with just two ingredients  99.9% purified water and a drop of fruit extract. The new launch means parents and healthcare professionals no longer need to compromise between cleansing and helping protect their baby’s skin and choosing the better option for the environment.Billions of baby wipes are used in the U.S. each year -- imagine the impact WaterWipes® could make if every American switched to biodegradable wipes  helping to reduce overall impact on the environment one small step at a time. Additionally  baby wipes are often made with or from plastic materials such as PET  polypropylene  or cotton woven together with plastic resin2  and 8 million metric tons of plastic waste enter the ocean each year.3 WaterWipes® biodegradable and plastic-free wipes are USDA Certified Biobased made with viscose  are 100% compostable and take only four weeks to biodegrade.4 Like cotton and linen  viscose is highly absorbent  soft and strong for effective cleaning  but gentle enough for even the most delicate skin. When switching to biodegradable and plastic-free wipes  consumers are taking a step towards a more sustainable life.Like all WaterWipes® formulations  the new biodegradable and plastic-free wipes have undergone rigorous testing which included product quality  safety  biodegradability and compostability testing to ensure only the highest standard of product.WaterWipes® are available in the United States across all major retailers  including Target  Walmart and Amazon.For more information  visit www.waterwipes.com.About WaterWipes®WaterWipes®  the world's purest baby wipes  are made using unique water technology  and contain just two ingredients  99.9% purified water and a drop of fruit extract. They have been specially developed to be purer than cloth and water while offering the convenience of a wipe. They provide gentle cleansing for the most delicate newborn skin and even premature babies' skin.Related Linkshttps://www.waterwipes.com1 Source: Independent research conducted by Clearstream Solutions  USA (2021)2 Source: MADE SAFE: https://www.madesafe.org/whats-in-that/wipes/3 Source: Ocean Conservancy: https://oceanconservancy.org/trash-free-seas/plastics-in-the-ocean/4 Tested according to ISO 14851 (2019)*Versus previous wipe material,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.6,0.36,0.03,True,English,"['Major U.S. Baby Brands', 'WaterWipes® Baby Wipes', 'first major U.S. baby brand', 'U.S. launch', '3.28 Olympic-sized swimming pools', '8 million metric tons', '228 million plastic bottles', ""premature babies' skin"", 'previous wipe material', 'purest baby wipes', 'delicate newborn skin', 'WaterWipes North America', 'unique water technology', 'WaterWipes® baby wipes', 'major retailers', 'delicate skin', 'plastic materials', 'plastic resin', 'plastic-free wipes', 'BUSINESS WIRE', '100% green energy', 'Lindsay Martin', 'Vice President', 'two ingredients', 'fruit extract', 'healthcare professionals', 'four weeks', 'effective cleaning', 'sustainable life', 'rigorous testing', 'compostability testing', 'highest standard', 'United States', 'Related Links', 'Independent research', 'Clearstream Solutions', 'MADE SAFE', 'new launch', 'plastic waste', 'biodegradable wipes', 'new 100% biodegradable', 'new biodegradable', 'Today WaterWipes®', 'WaterWipes’ commitment', 'WaterWipes® formulations', '99.9% purified water', 'overall impact', 'gentle cleansing', 'Ocean Conservancy', 'WaterWipes® biodegradable', 'product quality', 'PORTSMOUTH', 'world', 'wind', 'change', 'equivalent', 'part', 'movement', 'amount', 'landfills', 'planet', 'step', 'sustainability', 'drop', 'parents', 'option', 'environment', 'Billions', 'American', 'time', 'PET', 'polypropylene', 'cotton', 'USDA', 'viscose', 'linen', 'consumers', 'safety', 'biodegradability', 'Target', 'Walmart', 'Amazon', 'information', 'cloth', 'convenience', '1 Source', 'USA', '2 Source', 'madesafe', '3 Source', 'oceanconservancy', 'ISO']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,businesswire.com
1321,Clearstream,Google API,https://m.theepochtimes.com/severstal-could-become-first-russian-company-to-default-on-foreign-currency-debt_4357312.html,Severstal Could Become First Russian Company to Default on Foreign-Currency Debt,1 hour ago,Russian ruble coins and banknotes pictured next to Russian ruble sign in Moscow  on Aug. 13  2021. (Kirill Kudryavtsev /AFP via Getty Images)Severstal Could Become First Russian Company to Default on Foreign-Currency DebtSeverstal  a steel and mining company  could become the first Russian company to fail to make a critical interest payment on foreign-currency debt.The domestic firm had a $12.6 million coupon payment due on March 16  but it was granted a five-business-day grace period. The industrial giant possesses $800 million in loan participation notes that mature in 2024. The company has urged bondholders to contact Citigroup since it is the financial institution that blocked the payment and requested an ironclad permit from the U.S. Treasury to cover these obligations.Should it default on its debt  Severstal’s global operations and claims would only cover less than one-fifth of its foreign unsecured debt  JPMorgan Chase analysts estimated earlier this month.If interest payments are not processed  Severstal officials announced that the company would search for alternative options to pay its creditors.Payments for bonds issued by Russian companies have turned into a complicated process. Because of Western sanctions and the Kremlin’s retaliatory sanctions  many bond payments could be delayed or become frozen in transit.A photo taken on March 14  2022  shows the logos of Visa  Mastercard  and Russian Mir payment systems on bank cards in Moscow. (AFP via Getty Images)Russian investors holding domestic corporate eurobonds could experience delays in receiving payments complete through international agents amid Western sanctions  Russia’s National Settlement Depository (NSD) said in a statement to Reuters.Russian firms would need to manually process orders and receive clarifications from European regulators in this restrictive environment.Clearstream and Euroclear  two international clearing and settlement organizations  had previously processed Russian sovereign and corporate eurobond payments. However  the two entities confirmed that they would stop settling transactions in Russian securities due to sanctions from the European Union.It is estimated that Russian corporations are scheduled to pay approximately $18.5 billion in external debt  including interest payments  by the end of 2022. The Ministry of Finance is also poised to pay about $3.4 billion in sovereign Eurobonds after recently executing $117 million and $66 million Eurobond coupon payments  with foreign investors receiving their funds.Other companies are bracing for challenges to execute coupon payments on foreign-currency debt.NLMK  Russia’s top steelmaker  confirmed that it had paid a coupon on its eurobond due in 2024. The business stated that foreign noteholders began receiving interest payments  while domestic investors did not.It is widely anticipated that state-owned Russian Railways  Polyus Gold  and fertilizer producer Eurochem will struggle to send payments to corporate bondholders in this current marketplace.Russian Railways and Polyus Gold are scheduled to make coupon payments on March 25 and March 28  respectively. The Russian government is also expected to make an international bond payment on March 28.“Perhaps the bigger risk is that it may be a prelude to defaults by Russian corporates  whose external debts are more than four times larger than those of the sovereign ” said William Jackson  the Chief Emerging Markets Economist at Capital Economics  in a note last week.Last week  rating agency S&P Global downgraded the creditworthiness of the government and a plethora of companies into junk territory because of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. This makes it harder for the government and companies to raise capital on international markets.S&P Global cut the country’s credit rating to “CC.” This is defined as “default imminent with little prospect for recovery.”Thirty “fallen angels” have already occurred due to the Ukraine-Russia military conflict. This refers to a firm with a credit rating that has been cut from investment grade to speculative grade (junk).Many of these corporations have stopped trading in London or New York  or they have witnessed their shares collapse to nearly $0.But S&P Global analysts warn that there is still plenty of uncertainty regarding how damaging Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine will be for the future of domestic companies.“In terms of creditworthiness  the Russian-Ukraine conflict has had the largest impact on banks  with 28% of total related rating actions ” the agency noted.“Irrespective of the duration of military hostilities  sanctions and related political risks are likely to remain in place for some time. Potential effects could include dislocated commodities markets–notably for oil and gas–supply chain disruptions  inflationary pressures  weaker growth  and capital market volatility.”Will It Be 1998 All Over Again?Many U.S. financial institutions have some exposure to Russian corporate debt.Citigroup confirmed that its investment in Russian sovereign and corporate debt could result in losses totaling as much as $9.8 billion.“We have been managing that [exposure] very proactively to bring that number down ” Citi CFO Mark Mason told attendees at an investor event.Pimco  a California-based asset manager  amassed around $1.5 billion of Russian debt. With this immense exposure  it could face tremendous losses in the coming years.Flags are seen outside the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City  where markets roiled after Russia continues to attack Ukraine  in New York  on Feb. 24  2022. (Caitlin Ochs/Reuters)Goldman Sachs has approximately $650 million in exposure  a small percentage of its overall $2.8 trillion credit balance.Could it be 1998 all over again? This was the last time that Russia defaulted on its debt  causing Wall Street to suffer tremendous losses. However  despite market analysts’ glowing forecasts for the country’s economy  banks have been more cautious about investing too much into the nation.Morgan Stanley warned that the Russian economy is in such a terrible state that it could default on its foreign debts soon.Earlier this month  Simon Waever  Morgan Stanley’s global head of emerging-market sovereign credit strategy  said in a note that the Eastern European economy is edging closer to default amid talks of additional Western sanctions and expectations of a deep recession.“We see a default as the most likely scenario ” Waever explained. “In case of default  it is unlikely to be like a normal one  with Venezuela instead perhaps the most relevant comparison.”JPMorgan analysts echoed these sentiments in a note  writing that “sanctions have significantly increased the likelihood of a Russia government hard currency bond default.”So far  Russia has averted technical defaults by making coupon payments on dollar bonds that are set to mature in 2023 and 2043.,negative,0.02,0.28,0.7,negative,0.01,0.12,0.87,True,English,"['First Russian Company', 'Foreign-Currency Debt', 'Severstal', 'Many U.S. financial institutions', 'Chief Emerging Markets Economist', 'total related rating actions', 'S&P Global analysts', 'Russian Mir payment systems', '$66 million Eurobond coupon payments', 'U.S. Treasury', 'JPMorgan Chase analysts', 'related political risks', 'many bond payments', 'five-business-day grace period', 'loan participation notes', 'Thirty “fallen angels', 'supply chain disruptions', '$12.6 million coupon payment', 'National Settlement Depository', 'Russian ruble coins', 'Russian ruble sign', 'international bond payment', 'critical interest payment', 'two international clearing', 'Ukraine-Russia military conflict', 'capital market volatility', 'state-owned Russian Railways', 'corporate eurobond payments', 'First Russian Company', 'foreign unsecured debt', 'domestic corporate eurobonds', 'Russian corporate debt', 'international markets', 'global operations', 'eurobond due', 'commodities markets', 'international agents', 'settlement organizations', 'two entities', 'credit rating', 'Russian-Ukraine conflict', 'military hostilities', 'Russian investors', 'Russian firms', 'Russian securities', 'Russian corporates', 'interest payments', 'foreign investors', 'foreign noteholders', 'sovereign Eurobonds', 'domestic investors', 'Russian sovereign', 'Foreign-Currency Debt', 'external debt', 'corporate bondholders', 'Russian companies', 'Kirill Kudryavtsev', 'Getty Images', 'mining company', 'industrial giant', 'ironclad permit', 'alternative options', 'complicated process', 'bank cards', 'European regulators', 'restrictive environment', 'European Union', 'top steelmaker', 'Polyus Gold', 'fertilizer producer', 'current marketplace', 'bigger risk', 'William Jackson', 'Capital Economics', 'rating agency', 'little prospect', 'speculative grade', 'New York', 'largest impact', 'Potential effects', 'inflationary pressures', 'weaker growth', 'Russian corporations', 'domestic companies', 'Russian government', 'domestic firm', 'Western sanctions', 'retaliatory sanctions', 'Other companies', 'junk territory', 'investment grade', 'Severstal officials', 'banknotes', 'Moscow', 'Aug.', 'AFP', 'March', 'Citigroup', 'obligations', 'claims', 'less', 'one-fifth', 'creditors', 'Kremlin', 'transit', 'photo', 'logos', 'Visa', 'Mastercard', 'delays', 'NSD', 'statement', 'Reuters', 'orders', 'clarifications', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'transactions', 'end', 'Ministry', 'Finance', 'funds', 'challenges', 'NLMK', 'Eurochem', 'prelude', 'defaults', 'creditworthiness', 'plethora', 'invasion', 'country', 'CC', 'recovery', 'London', 'shares', 'plenty', 'uncertainty', 'future', 'terms', 'banks', 'duration', 'time', 'oil', 'gas', 'exposure', '2022']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,m.theepochtimes.com
1322,Clearstream,Google API,https://chatttennsports.com/170242/news/peripheral-vascular-devices-market-analysis-growth-trends-and-forecast-to-2030-merck-millipore-sartorius-parker/,Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Analysis  Growth  Trends and Forecast to 2030,8 hours ago,Acor Insights presented fresh report on Global peripheral vascular devices Market 2022  Forecast to 2030 . This report is a product of a comprehensive analysis of the peripheral vascular devices market Trends and Forecast upto 2030. This report covers an exhaustive study of the data that affects the market with respect to the manufactures  suppliers  market players  and customers. The report also includes an overview of the technological applications and strategies employed by Industry leaders. The market report also talks about the past  present  and future market scenarios of the peripheral vascular devices market. The market reports consist of the value and volume of the market at various levels. In addition to that  the report consists of information such as company profiles  product specification  and production capacity of the peripheral vascular devices industries. The growth rate of the market that is represented in terms of CAGR percentage is also defined for the Forecast period 2022-2030.Major Companies covered in this report:Medtronic  Inc.  Angiomed GmbH  Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited  Terumo Corporation  ENDOLOGIX  Inc.  William?Cook?Europe?ApS  Bolton Medical  Inc.  Jotec GmbH  ClearStream Technologies Ltd.  Aesculap AG  Boston Scientific Corporation  Curative Medical Devices Gmbh  Lepu  Microport  BioteqFor complete companies list  please ask for sample pages.Download FREE Latest Sample Copy of peripheral vascular devices Market Report : https://www.acorinsights.com/free-sample/170256The information for each competitor includes:* Company Profile* Main Business Information* SWOT Analysis* Sales  Revenue  Price and Gross Margin* Market ShareResearch MethodologyThe report includes a comprehensive study of the various peripheral vascular devices market aspects. The overall research and analysis is derived from primary and secondary researches. The primary sources include interviews  surveys  and observations of seasoned analysts  and secondary sources cover reputed paid sources  trade journals  and industry body databases. Other research methodologies include the SWOT analysis and use of Porter’s Five Force Model to derive market growth potential.SegmentationThe report includes the various segments the peripheral vascular devices market is divided into. This includes product categories  revenue generation opportunities from these products  and consumer trends that drive the product demand. Geographical segmentation of the market covers North America  Latin America  Europe  and the Asia Pacific region  primarily. The key focus of the study that forms a basis for the segmentation is to attain thorough and effective insights into the peripheral vascular devices market.Market split by Type  can be divided into:Peripheral Vascular StentsPTA Balloon CatheterEmbolic Protection DeviceAortic Stent GraftSurgical Artificial TransplantMarket split by Application  can be divided into:The Treatment of Peripheral Blood Vessels DamagedThe Treatment of Peripheral Blood Vessels BlockageMarket segment by Region/Country including:North America (United States  Canada and Mexico)Europe (Germany  UK  France  Italy  Russia and Spain etc.)Asia-Pacific (China  Japan  Korea  India  Australia and Southeast Asia etc.)South America (Brazil  Argentina and Colombia etc.)Middle East & Africa (South Africa  UAE and Saudi Arabia etc.)If you have any special requirements  please let us know and we can provide you the customized report as you want.Request for customization in Report: https://www.acorinsights.com/request-customization/170256Points Covered in the Report:-The points discussed in the report are the major market players who are involved in the market such as market players  raw material suppliers  equipment suppliers  end users  traders  distributors and so on. The full profile of the companies is quoted. And the capacity  production  price  revenue  cost  gross and gross margin  sales volume  sales revenue  consumption  growth rate  import  export  offer  future strategies and technological developments they are carrying out are also included in the report. This report analyzed 8-year data history and forecasts. The growth factors of the market are discussed in detail where the different end users of the market are explained in detail. Data and information by market player  by region  by type  by application  and so on  and customized searches can be added based on specific requirements. The report contains the SWOT analysis of the market. Finally  the report contains the concluding part which includes the opinions of the industrial experts.Major Questions addressed through this Global Research Report:What are the demanding sectors for driving this global peripheral vascular devices market? Which are the major key players and competitors ? What will be the market size of the market? Which are the recent advancements in the peripheral vascular devices market? What are the Restraints  threats  and challenges in front of the market? What are the global opportunities in front of the market? How digital footprint helps to expand the business structure and economic outcomes ?If you want to buy this Report  please click here @ https://www.acorinsights.com/checkout/170256Table Of ContentChapter 1 Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Overview1.1 Peripheral Vascular Devices Definition1.2 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Size Status and Outlook (2016-2030)1.3 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Size Comparison by Region (2016-2030)1.4 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Size Comparison by Type (2016-2030)1.5 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Size Comparison by Application (2016-2030)1.6 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Size Comparison by Sales Channel (2016-2030)1.7 Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Dynamics (COVID-19 Impacts)1.7.1 Market Drivers/Opportunities1.7.2 Market Challenges/Risks1.7.3 Market News (Mergers/Acquisitions/Expansion)1.7.4 COVID-19 Impacts1.7.5 Post-Strategies of COVID-19Chapter 2 Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Segment Analysis by Player2.1 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Sales and Market Share by Player (2019-2021)2.2 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Revenue and Market Share by Player (2019-2021)2.3 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Average Price by Player (2019-2021)2.4 Players Competition Situation & Trends2.5 Conclusion of Segment by PlayerChapter 3 Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Segment Analysis by Type3.1 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market by Type3.1.1 Peripheral Vascular Stents3.1.2 PTA Balloon Catheter3.1.3 Embolic Protection Device3.1.4 Aortic Stent Graft3.1.5 Surgical Artificial Transplant3.2 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Sales and Market Share by Type (2016-2021)3.3 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Revenue and Market Share by Type (2016-2021)3.4 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Average Price by Type (2016-2021)3.5 Leading Players of Peripheral Vascular Devices by Type in 20213.6 Conclusion of Segment by TypeChapter 4 Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Segment Analysis by Application4.1 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market by Application4.1.1 The Treatment of Peripheral Blood Vessels Damaged4.1.2 The Treatment of Peripheral Blood Vessels Blockage4.2 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Revenue and Market Share by Application (2016-2021)4.3 Leading Consumers of Peripheral Vascular Devices by Application in 20214.4 Conclusion of Segment by ApplicationChapter 5 Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Segment Analysis by Sales Channel5.1 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market by Sales Channel5.1.1 Direct Channel5.1.2 Distribution Channel5.2 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Revenue and Market Share by Sales Channel (2016-2021)5.3 Leading Distributors/Dealers of Peripheral Vascular Devices by Sales Channel in 20215.4 Conclusion of Segment by Sales ChannelChapter 6 Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Segment Analysis by Region6.1 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Size and CAGR by Region (2016-2030)6.2 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Sales and Market Share by Region (2016-2021)6.3 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Revenue and Market Share by Region (2016-2021)6.4 North America6.4.1 North America Market by Country6.4.2 North America Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Share by Type6.4.3 North America Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Share by Application6.4.4 United States6.4.5 Canada6.4.6 Mexico6.5 Europe6.5.1 Europe Market by Country6.5.2 Europe Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Share by Type6.5.3 Europe Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Share by Application6.5.4 Germany6.5.5 UK6.5.6 France6.5.7 Italy6.5.8 Russia6.5.9 Spain6.6 Asia-Pacific6.6.1 Asia-Pacific Market by Country6.6.2 Asia-Pacific Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Share by Type6.6.3 Asia-Pacific Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Share by Application6.6.4 China6.6.5 Japan6.6.6 Korea6.6.7 India6.6.8 Southeast Asia6.6.9 Australia6.7 South America6.7.1 South America Market by Country6.7.2 South America Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Share by Type6.7.3 South America Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Share by Application6.7.4 Brazil6.7.5 Argentina6.7.6 Colombia6.8 Middle East & Africa6.8.1 Middle East & Africa Market by Country6.8.2 Middle East & Africa Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Share by Type6.8.3 Middle East & Africa Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Share by Application6.8.4 UAE6.8.5 Saudi Arabia6.8.6 South Africa6.9 Conclusion of Segment by RegionChapter 7 Profile of Leading Peripheral Vascular Devices Players7.1 Medtronic  Inc.7.1.1 Company Snapshot7.1.2 Product/Service Offered7.1.3 Business Performance (Sales  Price  Revenue  Gross Margin and Market Share)7.2 Angiomed GmbH7.3 Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited7.4 Terumo Corporation7.5 ENDOLOGIX  Inc.7.6 William?Cook?Europe?ApS7.7 Bolton Medical  Inc.7.8 Jotec GmbH7.9 ClearStream Technologies Ltd.7.10 Aesculap AG7.11 Boston Scientific Corporation7.12 Curative Medical Devices Gmbh7.13 Lepu7.14 Microport7.15 BioteqChapter 8 Upstream and Downstream Analysis of Peripheral Vascular Devices8.1 Industrial Chain of Peripheral Vascular Devices8.2 Upstream of Peripheral Vascular Devices8.3 Downstream of Peripheral Vascular DevicesChapter 9 Development Trend of Peripheral Vascular Devices (2022-2030)9.1 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Size (Sales and Revenue) Forecast (2022-2030)9.2 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Size and CAGR Forecast by Region (2022-2030)9.3 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Size and CAGR Forecast by Type (2022-2030)9.4 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Size and CAGR Forecast by Application (2022-2030)9.5 Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Size and CAGR Forecast by Sales Channel (2022-2030)Chapter 10 Appendix10.1 Research Methodology10.2 Data Sources10.3 Disclaimer10.4 Analysts Certification*Thanks for Reading this Article.We also can offer customized report to fulfill special requirements of our clients. Regional and Countries report can be provided as well.*About Us:Acor Insights is an Analytics  Consulting and Research service provider and the company offers details around the qualitative and quantitative aspects of most of the businesses. We provide off-the-shelf as well as custom made studies along with consulting services to our clients. Our database includes various reports from publishers around the globe with the latest versions of the required studies available. We  at Acor Insights  aim at providing hand-picked solution to all your business-related questions. Our offerings include in-depth analysis for different industries such as communication & technology  healthcare  consumer goods  food & beverages  chemicals  and materials.Contact Us:Michael SmithContact: +1 347 708 0418Email: [email protected],neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.02,0.31,0.67,True,English,"['Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Analysis', 'Growth', 'Trends', 'Forecast', 'Aortic Stent Graft Surgical Artificial Transplant', 'various peripheral vascular devices market aspects', 'Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'Global peripheral vascular devices Market', 'peripheral vascular devices market Trends', 'peripheral vascular devices Market Report', 'peripheral vascular devices industries', 'Peripheral Blood Vessels Blockage', 'FREE Latest Sample Copy', 'Curative Medical Devices Gmbh', 'Market Share Research Methodology', 'Peripheral Vascular Stents', 'ClearStream Technologies Ltd.', 'Other research methodologies', 'Five Force Model', 'PTA Balloon Catheter', 'Embolic Protection Device', 'Boston Scientific Corporation', 'industry body databases', 'Global Research Report', 'future market scenarios', 'complete companies list', 'different end users', 'market growth potential', 'revenue generation opportunities', 'raw material suppliers', '8-year data history', 'major market players', 'Main Business Information', 'Asia Pacific region', 'major key players', 'global op', 'consumer trends', 'various levels', 'various segments', 'Bolton Medical', 'overall research', 'Angiomed GmbH', 'Jotec GmbH', 'market reports', 'Market segment', 'market size', 'Industry leaders', 'Major Companies', 'Terumo Corporation', 'key focus', 'Southeast Asia', 'Major Questions', 'sample pages', 'growth rate', 'growth factors', 'Acor Insights', 'technological applications', 'past, present', 'company profiles', 'CAGR percentage', 'Aesculap AG', 'secondary researches', 'seasoned analysts', 'trade journals', 'North America', 'Latin America', 'effective insights', 'United States', 'South America', 'Middle East', 'Saudi Arabia', 'special requirements', 'full profile', 'future strategies', 'technological developments', 'customized searches', 'specific requirements', 'concluding part', 'industrial experts', 'demanding sectors', 'recent advancements', 'comprehensive analysis', 'SWOT Analysis', 'product specification', 'product categories', 'product demand', 'exhaustive study', 'Gross Margin', 'comprehensive study', 'secondary sources', 'South Africa', 'fresh report', 'customized report', 'sales revenue', 'Forecast period', 'Geographical segmentation', 'primary sources', 'sales volume', 'production capacity', 'respect', 'manufactures', 'customers', 'overview', 'value', 'addition', 'terms', 'Medtronic', 'ENDOLOGIX', 'Inc.', 'William', 'Cook', 'Europe', 'ApS', 'Lepu', 'Microport', 'Bioteq', 'acorinsights', 'competitor', 'Price', 'interviews', 'surveys', 'observations', 'reputed', 'Porter', 'products', 'basis', 'thorough', 'Type', 'Treatment', 'Region/Country', 'Canada', 'Mexico', 'Germany', 'UK', 'France', 'Italy', 'Russia', 'Spain', 'Asia-Pacific', 'China', 'Japan', 'Korea', 'India', 'Australia', 'Brazil', 'Argentina', 'Colombia', 'UAE', 'Request', 'customization', 'points', 'equipment', 'traders', 'distributors', 'cost', 'consumption', 'import', 'export', 'offer', 'forecasts', 'detail', 'opinions', 'Restraints', 'threats', 'challenges', 'front']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,chatttennsports.com
1323,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.metro.us/steel-giant-severstal-scrambles/,Steel giant Severstal scrambles to avoid first major default of Russia-Ukraine crisis – Metro US,"""at-above-post addthis_tool"" data-url="" -Russian steel giant Severstal was racing against the clock on Wednesday to avoid becoming the country’s first major corporate default since the Ukraine crisis began ",(Reuters) -Russian steel giant Severstal was racing against the clock on Wednesday to avoid becoming the country’s first major corporate default since the Ukraine crisis began  with international payment lines snarled by sanctions.Severstal  whose main shareholder Alexey Mordashov is one of a number of wealthy Russians now sanctioned by the European Union  has until the end of the day to get an already overdue $12.6 million loan ‘coupon’ payment to its creditors.A source close to the steel firm said the money had been transferred last week but was yet to be processed and passed on by its paying agent Citibank.“This will technically be the first default since the crisis began to unfold ” Seaport Global credit analyst Himanshu Porwal said.“But people will know it is driven by the way the sanctions have been formulated  rather than the company’s fault ” adding Severstal might find a way to make the payment in the coming days  especially if Mordashov were to cut or relinquish his large stake in the firm  which itself is not sanctioned.With Wednesday’s deadline fast approaching Severstal said it had been in constant discussions about the issues  and that it was looking at an application for special “licences” that may be required to make the payment.The legal terms of the bonds state an “Event of Default” can be formally declared five working days after the March 16 coupon due date.The latest Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that transferring payments on Russian government and corporate bonds has become complex.Previously payments like Severstal’s would have been processed by international clearing houses such as Clearstream or Euroclear  which confirm asset ownership  and also funnel payments for domestic bondholders to Russia’s National Settlement Depository (NSD).However both Euroclear  owned by a group of global exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  have said they will stop settling trades in Russian securities as a result of the EU’s sanctions.Neither Clearstream  Euroclear nor Citigroup responded to requests for comment.DELAYS POSSIBLEA Severstal default would be the first by a major Russian company since Moscow was blanketed by sanctions for what it calls its “special military operation” in Ukraine  but it may not be alone.Russian companies need to make $18.5 billion of international bond payments by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  while Moscow needs to pay another $3.4 billion on its foreign currency sovereign bonds.Investors would have the right to take legal action to reclaim unpaid amounts  most likely in the United Kingdom or the United States – under whose laws most international market bonds are issued.Payments due in coming days include from Gazprom  which made a payment without problems earlier this month  Russian Railways on March 25 and Polyus Gold on March 28  the same day as Russia’s next international sovereign bond payment falls due.It’s not just international bondholders who are affected. Severstal  Russia’s top steelmaker NLMK  state-owned Russian Railways and fertiliser producer Eurochem are all struggling to get payments to Russian bondholders  the firms themselves and ITI Capital say.NLMK said on Tuesday it had paid a coupon on a 2024 bond but while foreigners had started to receive their money  Russian holders hadn’t.“This is due to the fact that… Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia’s NSD ” NLMK said. “We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents.”NSD confirmed it was receiving payments from Euroclear  but said it will not process these until Euroclear gets clarifications from European regulators.“After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed…as usual ” it said.The daily Kommersant newspaper  citing a source at a large brokerage firm  said some Russian holders of Moscow’s sovereign bonds also hadn’t received payments. A source at a European-based fund told Reuters it too had not received a sovereign bond payment due on Monday.The Russian finance ministry  Russian Railways and Eurochem did not reply to requests for comment.“Delays are possible for payments cleared via international depositories ” NSD added in a statement to Reuters.“This could be linked to ‘manual’ processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators”.(Reporting by Reuters; Editing by Alexander Smith  Kirsten Donovan),negative,0.02,0.34,0.64,negative,0.01,0.2,0.78,True,English,"['Steel giant Severstal', 'first major default', 'Russia-Ukraine crisis', 'Metro US', 'overdue $12.6 million loan ‘coupon’ payment', 'next international sovereign bond payment', 'Seaport Global credit analyst', 'foreign currency sovereign bonds', 'most international market bonds', 'March 16 coupon due date', 'first major corporate default', 'Russian steel giant Severstal', 'international clearing houses', 'National Settlement Depository', 'daily Kommersant newspaper', 'international payment lines', 'Russian finance ministry', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'major Russian company', 'state-owned Russian Railways', 'large brokerage firm', 'latest Western sanctions', 'international bond payments', 'corporate bonds', 'first default', 'international bondholders', 'international depositories', 'steel firm', 'global exchanges', 'large stake', 'Russian government', 'Russian securities', 'Russian companies', 'Russian bondholders', 'Russian holders', 'Russian residents', 'main shareholder', 'wealthy Russians', 'European Union', 'paying agent', 'Himanshu Porwal', 'coming days', 'constant discussions', 'special “licences', 'legal terms', 'asset ownership', 'domestic bondholders', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'legal action', 'unpaid amounts', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Polyus Gold', 'top steelmaker', 'fertiliser producer', 'legal grounds', 'European regulators', 'European-based fund', 'manual’ processing', 'Alexander Smith', 'Kirsten Donovan', 'Severstal default', 'Alexey Mordashov', 'DELAYS POSSIBLE', 'Ukraine crisis', '2024 bond', 'Reuters', 'clock', 'Wednesday', 'country', 'number', 'end', 'creditors', 'source', 'money', 'Citibank', 'people', 'deadline', 'issues', 'application', 'Event', 'countersanctions', 'Moscow', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'NSD', 'group', 'banks', 'part', 'trades', 'result', 'requests', 'comment', 'Investors', 'right', 'laws', 'Gazprom', 'problems', 'NLMK', 'Eurochem', 'firms', 'Tuesday', 'foreigners', 'fact', 'transactions', 'clarifications', 'curbs', 'The', 'Monday', 'statement', 'orders', 'need', 'Editing']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,metro.us
1324,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/sanctions-delay-payments-russian-corporate-eurobond-holders-2022-03-23/,Steel giant Severstal scrambles to avoid first major default of Russia-Ukraine crisis,Russian holders of domestic corporate Eurobonds face delays in receiving payments settled through international agents  as transactions get snarled up by sanctions  Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) ,"A general view shows the Moscow International Business Center also known as ""Moskva-City""  in Moscow  Russia  October 6  2016. REUTERS/Maxim ZmeyevMarch 23 (Reuters) - Russian steel giant Severstal (CHMF.MM) was racing against the clock on Wednesday to avoid becoming the country's first major corporate default since the Ukraine crisis began  with international payment lines snarled by sanctions.Severstal  whose main shareholder Alexey Mordashov is one of a number of wealthy Russians now sanctioned by the European Union  has until the end of the day to get an already overdue $12.6 million loan 'coupon' payment to its creditors.A source close to the steel firm said the money had been transferred last week but was yet to be processed and passed on by its paying agent Citibank.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register""This will technically be the first default since the crisis began to unfold "" Seaport Global credit analyst Himanshu Porwal said.""But people will know it is driven by the way the sanctions have been formulated  rather than the company's fault "" adding Severstal might find a way to make the payment in the coming days  especially if Mordashov were to cut or relinquish his large stake in the firm  which itself is not sanctioned.With Wednesday's deadline fast approaching Severstal said it had been in constant discussions about the issues  and that it was looking at an application for special ""licences"" that may be required to make the payment. read moreThe legal terms of the bonds state an ""Event of Default"" can be formally declared five working days after the March 16 coupon due date.The latest Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that transferring payments on Russian government and corporate bonds has become complex.Previously payments like Severstal's would have been processed by international clearing houses such as Clearstream or Euroclear  which confirm asset ownership  and also funnel payments for domestic bondholders to Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD).However both Euroclear  owned by a group of global exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  have said they will stop settling trades in Russian securities as a result of the EU's sanctions. read moreNeither Clearstream  Euroclear nor Citigroup responded to requests for comment.DELAYS POSSIBLEA Severstal default would be the first by a major Russian company since Moscow was blanketed by sanctions for what it calls its ""special military operation"" in Ukraine  but it may not be alone.Russian companies need to make $18.5 billion of international bond payments by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  while Moscow needs to pay another $3.4 billion on its foreign currency sovereign bonds.Investors would have the right to take legal action to reclaim unpaid amounts  most likely in the United Kingdom or the United States - under whose laws most international market bonds are issued.Payments due in coming days include from Gazprom (GAZP.MM)  which made a payment without problems earlier this month  Russian Railways on March 25 and Polyus Gold (PLZL.MM) on March 28  the same day as Russia's next international sovereign bond payment falls due.It's not just international bondholders who are affected. Severstal (CHMF.MM)  Russia's top steelmaker NLMK (NLMK.MM)  state-owned Russian Railways and fertiliser producer Eurochem are all struggling to get payments to Russian bondholders  the firms themselves and ITI Capital say.NLMK said on Tuesday it had paid a coupon on a 2024 bond but while foreigners had started to receive their money  Russian holders hadn't.""This is due to the fact that... Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia's NSD "" NLMK said. ""We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents.""NSD confirmed it was receiving payments from Euroclear  but said it will not process these until Euroclear gets clarifications from European regulators.""After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed...as usual "" it said.The daily Kommersant newspaper  citing a source at a large brokerage firm  said some Russian holders of Moscow's sovereign bonds also hadn't received payments. A source at a European-based fund told Reuters it too had not received a sovereign bond payment due on Monday.The Russian finance ministry  Russian Railways and Eurochem did not reply to requests for comment.""Delays are possible for payments cleared via international depositories "" NSD added in a statement to Reuters.""This could be linked to 'manual' processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators"".Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterReporting by Reuters; Editing by Alexander Smith  Kirsten DonovanOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",negative,0.02,0.2,0.78,negative,0.02,0.2,0.79,True,English,"['Steel giant Severstal', 'first major default', 'Russia-Ukraine crisis', ""overdue $12.6 million loan 'coupon' payment"", 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'next international sovereign bond payment', 'Seaport Global credit analyst', 'foreign currency sovereign bonds', 'most international market bonds', 'March 16 coupon due date', 'Moscow International Business Center', 'first major corporate default', 'international clearing houses', 'FREE unlimited access', 'National Settlement Depository', 'daily Kommersant newspaper', 'international payment lines', 'Russian finance ministry', 'Reuters.com Register', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'Russian steel giant', 'major Russian company', 'state-owned Russian Railways', 'large brokerage firm', 'international bond payments', 'latest Western sanctions', 'corporate bonds', 'first default', 'international bondholders', 'international depositories', 'global exchanges', 'steel firm', 'large stake', 'Russian government', 'Russian securities', 'Russian companies', 'Russian bondholders', 'Russian holders', 'Russian residents', 'general view', 'Maxim Zmeyev', 'main shareholder', 'wealthy Russians', 'European Union', 'paying agent', 'Himanshu Porwal', 'coming days', 'constant discussions', 'special ""licences', 'legal terms', 'asset ownership', 'domestic bondholders', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'legal action', 'unpaid amounts', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Polyus Gold', 'top steelmaker', 'fertiliser producer', 'legal grounds', 'European regulators', 'European-based fund', ""manual' processing"", 'Alexander Smith', 'Kirsten Donovan', 'Alexey Mordashov', 'DELAYS POSSIBLE', 'same day', 'GAZP.MM', 'PLZL.MM', 'Severstal default', 'Ukraine crisis', '2024 bond', 'Moskva-City', 'CHMF', 'clock', 'Wednesday', 'country', 'number', 'end', 'creditors', 'source', 'money', 'Citibank', 'people', 'deadline', 'issues', 'application', 'Event', 'countersanctions', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'NSD', 'group', 'banks', 'part', 'trades', 'result', 'requests', 'comment', 'Investors', 'right', 'laws', 'Gazprom', 'problems', 'NLMK', 'Eurochem', 'firms', 'Tuesday', 'foreigners', 'fact', 'transactions', 'clarifications', 'curbs', 'Monday', 'statement', 'orders', 'need', 'Reporting', 'Editing', 'Standards']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,reuters.com
1325,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.reuters.com/article/ukraine-crisis-russia-settlement/update-1-russia-warns-of-possible-payment-delays-for-domestic-corporate-eurobond-holders-idUSL5N2VQ1BQ,UPDATE 1-Russia warns of possible payment delays for domestic corporate Eurobond holders,Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) said on Wednesday that Russian holders of domestic corporate Eurobonds may see delays in receiving payments settled through international agents  as transactions get snarled up by sanctions.,"(Reuters) -Russian steel giant Severstal was racing against the clock on Wednesday to avoid becoming the country’s first major corporate default since the Ukraine crisis began  with international payment lines snarled by sanctions.A general view shows the Moscow International Business Center also known as ""Moskva-City""  in Moscow  Russia  October 6  2016. REUTERS/Maxim ZmeyevSeverstal  whose main shareholder Alexey Mordashov is one of a number of wealthy Russians now sanctioned by the European Union  has until the end of the day to get an already overdue $12.6 million loan ‘coupon’ payment to its creditors.A source close to the steel firm said the money had been transferred last week but was yet to be processed and passed on by its paying agent Citibank.“This will technically be the first default since the crisis began to unfold ” Seaport Global credit analyst Himanshu Porwal said.“But people will know it is driven by the way the sanctions have been formulated  rather than the company’s fault ” adding Severstal might find a way to make the payment in the coming days  especially if Mordashov were to cut or relinquish his large stake in the firm  which itself is not sanctioned.With Wednesday’s deadline fast approaching Severstal said it had been in constant discussions about the issues  and that it was looking at an application for special “licences” that may be required to make the payment.The legal terms of the bonds state an “Event of Default” can be formally declared five working days after the March 16 coupon due date.The latest Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that transferring payments on Russian government and corporate bonds has become complex.Previously payments like Severstal’s would have been processed by international clearing houses such as Clearstream or Euroclear  which confirm asset ownership  and also funnel payments for domestic bondholders to Russia’s National Settlement Depository (NSD).However both Euroclear  owned by a group of global exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  have said they will stop settling trades in Russian securities as a result of the EU’s sanctions.Neither Clearstream  Euroclear nor Citigroup responded to requests for comment.DELAYS POSSIBLEA Severstal default would be the first by a major Russian company since Moscow was blanketed by sanctions for what it calls its “special military operation” in Ukraine  but it may not be alone.Russian companies need to make $18.5 billion of international bond payments by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  while Moscow needs to pay another $3.4 billion on its foreign currency sovereign bonds.Investors would have the right to take legal action to reclaim unpaid amounts  most likely in the United Kingdom or the United States - under whose laws most international market bonds are issued.Payments due in coming days include from Gazprom  which made a payment without problems earlier this month  Russian Railways on March 25 and Polyus Gold on March 28  the same day as Russia’s next international sovereign bond payment falls due.It’s not just international bondholders who are affected. Severstal  Russia’s top steelmaker NLMK  state-owned Russian Railways and fertiliser producer Eurochem are all struggling to get payments to Russian bondholders  the firms themselves and ITI Capital say.NLMK said on Tuesday it had paid a coupon on a 2024 bond but while foreigners had started to receive their money  Russian holders hadn’t.“This is due to the fact that... Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia’s NSD ” NLMK said. “We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents.”NSD confirmed it was receiving payments from Euroclear  but said it will not process these until Euroclear gets clarifications from European regulators.“After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed...as usual ” it said.The daily Kommersant newspaper  citing a source at a large brokerage firm  said some Russian holders of Moscow’s sovereign bonds also hadn’t received payments. A source at a European-based fund told Reuters it too had not received a sovereign bond payment due on Monday.The Russian finance ministry  Russian Railways and Eurochem did not reply to requests for comment.“Delays are possible for payments cleared via international depositories ” NSD added in a statement to Reuters.“This could be linked to ‘manual’ processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators”.",neutral,0.03,0.6,0.37,negative,0.01,0.2,0.79,True,English,"['domestic corporate Eurobond holders', 'possible payment delays', 'UPDATE', 'Russia', 'overdue $12.6 million loan ‘coupon’ payment', 'next international sovereign bond payment', 'Seaport Global credit analyst', 'foreign currency sovereign bonds', 'most international market bonds', 'March 16 coupon due date', 'Moscow International Business Center', 'first major corporate default', 'Russian steel giant Severstal', 'international clearing houses', 'National Settlement Depository', 'daily Kommersant newspaper', 'international payment lines', 'Russian finance ministry', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'major Russian company', 'state-owned Russian Railways', 'large brokerage firm', 'international bond payments', 'latest Western sanctions', 'corporate bonds', 'first default', 'international bondholders', 'international depositories', 'steel firm', 'global exchanges', 'large stake', 'Russian government', 'Russian securities', 'Russian companies', 'Russian bondholders', 'Russian holders', 'Russian residents', 'general view', 'Maxim Zmeyev', 'main shareholder', 'wealthy Russians', 'European Union', 'paying agent', 'Himanshu Porwal', 'coming days', 'constant discussions', 'special “licences', 'legal terms', 'asset ownership', 'domestic bondholders', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'legal action', 'unpaid amounts', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Polyus Gold', 'top steelmaker', 'fertiliser producer', 'legal grounds', 'European regulators', 'European-based fund', 'manual’ processing', 'Severstal default', 'Alexey Mordashov', 'DELAYS POSSIBLE', 'Ukraine crisis', '2024 bond', 'Reuters', 'clock', 'Wednesday', 'country', 'Moskva-City', 'number', 'end', 'creditors', 'source', 'money', 'Citibank', 'people', 'deadline', 'issues', 'application', 'Event', 'countersanctions', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'NSD', 'group', 'banks', 'part', 'trades', 'result', 'requests', 'comment', 'Investors', 'right', 'laws', 'Gazprom', 'problems', 'NLMK', 'Eurochem', 'firms', 'Tuesday', 'foreigners', 'fact', 'transactions', 'clarifications', 'curbs', 'The', 'Monday', 'statement', 'orders', 'need']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,reuters.com
1326,Clearstream,Bing API,https://interfax.com/newsroom/top-stories/77233/,NLMK looking for way to get Eurobond coupon payments to Russian investors,Novolipetsk Steel (NLMK) said that it has successfully paid a coupon on its Eurobonds  but noted that bondholders from Russia are not receiving the payments because international depositories are no longer settling transactions with Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD).,"NLMK looking for way to get Eurobond coupon payments to Russian investorsMOSCOW. March 23 (Interfax) - Novolipetsk Steel (NLMK) said that it has successfully paid a coupon on its Eurobonds  but noted that bondholders from Russia are not receiving the payments because international depositories are no longer settling transactions with Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD).The scheduled coupon payment for Eurobonds that mature in 2024 was successfully processed on March 21  2022  so the company has duly performed its obligations in accordance with their terms  the Russian steelmaker said.NLMK also said it has received confirmation that foreign bondholders have started to receive their coupon payments.However  the coupon payments did not reach bondholders based in Russia because international central securities depositories Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia's National Settlement Depository  NLMK said.""We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents "" the company added.NLMK said it is currently considering alternative ways to deliver the coupon payments to bondholders based in Russia.The problem mentioned by NLMK was recently raised by Russian Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs (RSPP) head Alexander Shokhin in a letter to the Central Bank. It is due to the fact that most Russian holders of Eurobonds use the NSD  to which Euroclear is supposed to transfer money from issuers as to a lower-level depository. When money is transferred through Euroclear for coupon payments on Eurobonds or their redemption  funds are reaching foreign bondholders but not Russian ones  Shokhin said.",neutral,0.07,0.83,0.09,negative,0.01,0.16,0.83,True,English,"['Eurobond coupon payments', 'Russian investors', 'NLMK', 'way', 'international central securities depositories', 'National Settlement Depository', 'most Russian holders', 'Eurobond coupon payments', 'international depositories', 'Central Bank', 'lower-level depository', 'Russian investors', 'Novolipetsk Steel', 'Russian steelmaker', 'legal grounds', 'Russian residents', 'alternative ways', 'Russian Union', 'Alexander Shokhin', 'foreign bondholders', 'NLMK', 'MOSCOW', 'Interfax', 'Eurobonds', 'transactions', 'NSD', 'March', 'company', 'obligations', 'accordance', 'terms', 'confirmation', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'problem', 'Industrialists', 'Entrepreneurs', 'RSPP', 'head', 'letter', 'fact', 'money', 'issuers', 'redemption', 'funds']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,interfax.com
1327,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/sanctions-delay-payments-russian-corporate-eurobond-holders-2022-03-23/,Steel giant Severstal scrambles to avoid first major default of Russia-Ukraine crisis,Russian holders of domestic corporate Eurobonds face delays in receiving payments settled through international agents  as transactions get snarled up by sanctions  Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD)  companies and analysts said.,"A general view shows the Moscow International Business Center also known as ""Moskva-City""  in Moscow  Russia  October 6  2016. REUTERS/Maxim ZmeyevMarch 23 (Reuters) - Russian steel giant Severstal (CHMF.MM) was racing against the clock on Wednesday to avoid becoming the country's first major corporate default since the Ukraine crisis began  with international payment lines snarled by sanctions.Severstal  whose main shareholder Alexey Mordashov is one of a number of wealthy Russians now sanctioned by the European Union  has until the end of the day to get an already overdue $12.6 million loan 'coupon' payment to its creditors.A source close to the steel firm said the money had been transferred last week but was yet to be processed and passed on by its paying agent Citibank.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register""This will technically be the first default since the crisis began to unfold "" Seaport Global credit analyst Himanshu Porwal said.""But people will know it is driven by the way the sanctions have been formulated  rather than the company's fault "" adding Severstal might find a way to make the payment in the coming days  especially if Mordashov were to cut or relinquish his large stake in the firm  which itself is not sanctioned.With Wednesday's deadline fast approaching Severstal said it had been in constant discussions about the issues  and that it was looking at an application for special ""licences"" that may be required to make the payment. read moreThe legal terms of the bonds state an ""Event of Default"" can be formally declared five working days after the March 16 coupon due date.The latest Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that transferring payments on Russian government and corporate bonds has become complex.Previously payments like Severstal's would have been processed by international clearing houses such as Clearstream or Euroclear  which confirm asset ownership  and also funnel payments for domestic bondholders to Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD).However both Euroclear  owned by a group of global exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  have said they will stop settling trades in Russian securities as a result of the EU's sanctions. read moreNeither Clearstream  Euroclear nor Citigroup responded to requests for comment.DELAYS POSSIBLEA Severstal default would be the first by a major Russian company since Moscow was blanketed by sanctions for what it calls its ""special military operation"" in Ukraine  but it may not be alone.Russian companies need to make $18.5 billion of international bond payments by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  while Moscow needs to pay another $3.4 billion on its foreign currency sovereign bonds.Investors would have the right to take legal action to reclaim unpaid amounts  most likely in the United Kingdom or the United States - under whose laws most international market bonds are issued.Payments due in coming days include from Gazprom (GAZP.MM)  which made a payment without problems earlier this month  Russian Railways on March 25 and Polyus Gold (PLZL.MM) on March 28  the same day as Russia's next international sovereign bond payment falls due.It's not just international bondholders who are affected. Severstal (CHMF.MM)  Russia's top steelmaker NLMK (NLMK.MM)  state-owned Russian Railways and fertiliser producer Eurochem are all struggling to get payments to Russian bondholders  the firms themselves and ITI Capital say.NLMK said on Tuesday it had paid a coupon on a 2024 bond but while foreigners had started to receive their money  Russian holders hadn't.""This is due to the fact that... Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia's NSD "" NLMK said. ""We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents.""NSD confirmed it was receiving payments from Euroclear  but said it will not process these until Euroclear gets clarifications from European regulators.""After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed...as usual "" it said.The daily Kommersant newspaper  citing a source at a large brokerage firm  said some Russian holders of Moscow's sovereign bonds also hadn't received payments. A source at a European-based fund told Reuters it too had not received a sovereign bond payment due on Monday.The Russian finance ministry  Russian Railways and Eurochem did not reply to requests for comment.""Delays are possible for payments cleared via international depositories "" NSD added in a statement to Reuters.""This could be linked to 'manual' processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators"".Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterReporting by Reuters; Editing by Alexander Smith  Kirsten DonovanOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",negative,0.02,0.2,0.78,negative,0.02,0.2,0.79,True,English,"['Steel giant Severstal', 'first major default', 'Russia-Ukraine crisis', ""overdue $12.6 million loan 'coupon' payment"", 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'next international sovereign bond payment', 'Seaport Global credit analyst', 'foreign currency sovereign bonds', 'most international market bonds', 'March 16 coupon due date', 'Moscow International Business Center', 'first major corporate default', 'international clearing houses', 'FREE unlimited access', 'National Settlement Depository', 'daily Kommersant newspaper', 'international payment lines', 'Russian finance ministry', 'Reuters.com Register', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'Russian steel giant', 'major Russian company', 'state-owned Russian Railways', 'large brokerage firm', 'international bond payments', 'latest Western sanctions', 'corporate bonds', 'first default', 'international bondholders', 'international depositories', 'global exchanges', 'steel firm', 'large stake', 'Russian government', 'Russian securities', 'Russian companies', 'Russian bondholders', 'Russian holders', 'Russian residents', 'general view', 'Maxim Zmeyev', 'main shareholder', 'wealthy Russians', 'European Union', 'paying agent', 'Himanshu Porwal', 'coming days', 'constant discussions', 'special ""licences', 'legal terms', 'asset ownership', 'domestic bondholders', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'legal action', 'unpaid amounts', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Polyus Gold', 'top steelmaker', 'fertiliser producer', 'legal grounds', 'European regulators', 'European-based fund', ""manual' processing"", 'Alexander Smith', 'Kirsten Donovan', 'Alexey Mordashov', 'DELAYS POSSIBLE', 'same day', 'GAZP.MM', 'PLZL.MM', 'Severstal default', 'Ukraine crisis', '2024 bond', 'Moskva-City', 'CHMF', 'clock', 'Wednesday', 'country', 'number', 'end', 'creditors', 'source', 'money', 'Citibank', 'people', 'deadline', 'issues', 'application', 'Event', 'countersanctions', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'NSD', 'group', 'banks', 'part', 'trades', 'result', 'requests', 'comment', 'Investors', 'right', 'laws', 'Gazprom', 'problems', 'NLMK', 'Eurochem', 'firms', 'Tuesday', 'foreigners', 'fact', 'transactions', 'clarifications', 'curbs', 'Monday', 'statement', 'orders', 'need', 'Reporting', 'Editing', 'Standards']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,reuters.com
1328,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sanctions-delay-payments-russian-corporate-100838815.html,Steel giant Severstal scrambles to avoid first major default of Russia-Ukraine crisis,Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that the payment process on hard currency bonds issued by Russia or Russian companies has become much...,"Steel giant Severstal scrambles to avoid first major default of Russia-Ukraine crisis General view shows Moscow International Business Center in Moscow(Reuters) -Russian steel giant Severstal was racing against the clock on Wednesday to avoid becoming the country's first major corporate default since the Ukraine crisis began  with international payment lines snarled by sanctions.Severstal  whose main shareholder Alexey Mordashov is one of a number of wealthy Russians now sanctioned by the European Union  has until the end of the day to get an already overdue $12.6 million loan 'coupon' payment to its creditors.A source close to the steel firm said the money had been transferred last week but was yet to be processed and passed on by its paying agent Citibank.""This will technically be the first default since the crisis began to unfold "" Seaport Global credit analyst Himanshu Porwal said.""But people will know it is driven by the way the sanctions have been formulated  rather than the company's fault "" adding Severstal might find a way to make the payment in the coming days  especially if Mordashov were to cut or relinquish his large stake in the firm  which itself is not sanctioned.With Wednesday's deadline fast approaching Severstal said it had been in constant discussions about the issues  and that it was looking at an application for special ""licences"" that may be required to make the payment.The legal terms of the bonds state an ""Event of Default"" can be formally declared five working days after the March 16 coupon due date.The latest Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that transferring payments on Russian government and corporate bonds has become complex.Previously payments like Severstal's would have been processed by international clearing houses such as Clearstream or Euroclear  which confirm asset ownership  and also funnel payments for domestic bondholders to Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD).However both Euroclear  owned by a group of global exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  have said they will stop settling trades in Russian securities as a result of the EU's sanctions.Story continuesNeither Clearstream  Euroclear nor Citigroup responded to requests for comment.DELAYS POSSIBLEA Severstal default would be the first by a major Russian company since Moscow was blanketed by sanctions for what it calls its ""special military operation"" in Ukraine  but it may not be alone.Russian companies need to make $18.5 billion of international bond payments by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  while Moscow needs to pay another $3.4 billion on its foreign currency sovereign bonds.Investors would have the right to take legal action to reclaim unpaid amounts  most likely in the United Kingdom or the United States - under whose laws most international market bonds are issued.Payments due in coming days include from Gazprom  which made a payment without problems earlier this month  Russian Railways on March 25 and Polyus Gold on March 28  the same day as Russia's next international sovereign bond payment falls due.It's not just international bondholders who are affected. Severstal  Russia's top steelmaker NLMK  state-owned Russian Railways and fertiliser producer Eurochem are all struggling to get payments to Russian bondholders  the firms themselves and ITI Capital say.NLMK said on Tuesday it had paid a coupon on a 2024 bond but while foreigners had started to receive their money  Russian holders hadn't.""This is due to the fact that... Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia's NSD "" NLMK said. ""We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents.""NSD confirmed it was receiving payments from Euroclear  but said it will not process these until Euroclear gets clarifications from European regulators.""After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed...as usual "" it said.The daily Kommersant newspaper  citing a source at a large brokerage firm  said some Russian holders of Moscow's sovereign bonds also hadn't received payments. A source at a European-based fund told Reuters it too had not received a sovereign bond payment due on Monday.The Russian finance ministry  Russian Railways and Eurochem did not reply to requests for comment.""Delays are possible for payments cleared via international depositories "" NSD added in a statement to Reuters.""This could be linked to 'manual' processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators"".(Reporting by Reuters; Editing by Alexander Smith  Kirsten Donovan)",negative,0.02,0.2,0.78,mixed,0.04,0.2,0.76,True,English,"['Steel giant Severstal', 'first major default', 'Russia-Ukraine crisis', ""overdue $12.6 million loan 'coupon' payment"", 'next international sovereign bond payment', 'Seaport Global credit analyst', 'foreign currency sovereign bonds', 'most international market bonds', 'March 16 coupon due date', 'Moscow International Business Center', 'first major corporate default', 'Russian steel giant Severstal', 'international clearing houses', 'National Settlement Depository', 'daily Kommersant newspaper', 'international payment lines', 'first major default', 'Russian finance ministry', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'state-owned Russian Railways', 'major Russian company', 'large brokerage firm', 'international bond payments', 'latest Western sanctions', 'corporate bonds', 'first default', 'international bondholders', 'international depositories', 'steel firm', 'global exchanges', 'large stake', 'Russian government', 'Russian securities', 'Russian companies', 'Russian bondholders', 'Russian holders', 'Russian residents', 'Severstal default', 'General view', 'main shareholder', 'wealthy Russians', 'European Union', 'paying agent', 'Himanshu Porwal', 'coming days', 'constant discussions', 'special ""licences', 'legal terms', 'asset ownership', 'domestic bondholders', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'legal action', 'unpaid amounts', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Polyus Gold', 'top steelmaker', 'fertiliser producer', 'legal grounds', 'European regulators', 'European-based fund', ""manual' processing"", 'Alexander Smith', 'Kirsten Donovan', 'Russia-Ukraine crisis', 'Alexey Mordashov', 'DELAYS POSSIBLE', '2024 bond', 'Reuters', 'clock', 'Wednesday', 'country', 'number', 'end', 'creditors', 'source', 'money', 'Citibank', 'people', 'deadline', 'issues', 'application', 'Event', 'countersanctions', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'NSD', 'group', 'banks', 'part', 'trades', 'result', 'Story', 'requests', 'comment', 'Investors', 'right', 'laws', 'Gazprom', 'problems', 'NLMK', 'Eurochem', 'firms', 'Tuesday', 'foreigners', 'fact', 'transactions', 'clarifications', 'curbs', 'The', 'Monday', 'statement', 'orders', 'need', 'Editing']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1329,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/sanctions-delay-payments-to-russian-corporate-eurobond-holders-944658,Steel giant Severstal scrambles to avoid first major default of Russia-Ukraine crisis,(Reuters) -   Russian holders of domestic corporate Eurobonds face delays in receiving payments settled through international agents  as transactions get snarled up by sanctions  Russia&#039;s National Settlement Depository (NSD)  companies and analysts said.,A source close to the steel firm said the money had been transferred last week but was yet to be processed and passed on by its paying agent Citibank.“This will technically be the first default since the crisis began to unfold ” Seaport Global credit analyst Himanshu Porwal said.“But people will know it is driven by the way the sanctions have been formulated  rather than the company’s fault ” adding Severstal might find a way to make the payment in the coming days  especially if Mordashov were to cut or relinquish his large stake in the firm  which itself is not sanctioned.With Wednesday’s deadline fast approaching Severstal said it had been in constant discussions about the issues  and that it was looking at an application for special “licences” that may be required to make the payment.The legal terms of the bonds state an “Event of Default” can be formally declared five working days after the March 16 coupon due date.The latest Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that transferring payments on Russian government and corporate bonds has become complex.Previously payments like Severstal’s would have been processed by international clearing houses such as Clearstream or Euroclear  which confirm asset ownership  and also funnel payments for domestic bondholders to Russia’s National Settlement Depository (NSD).However both Euroclear  owned by a group of global exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  have said they will stop settling trades in Russian securities as a result of the EU’s sanctions.Neither Clearstream  Euroclear nor Citigroup responded to requests for comment.DELAYS POSSIBLEA Severstal default would be the first by a major Russian company since Moscow was blanketed by sanctions for what it calls its “special military operation” in Ukraine  but it may not be alone.Russian companies need to make $18.5 billion of international bond payments by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  while Moscow needs to pay another $3.4 billion on its foreign currency sovereign bonds.Investors would have the right to take legal action to reclaim unpaid amounts  most likely in the United Kingdom or the United States – under whose laws most international market bonds are issued.Payments due in coming days include from Gazprom  which made a payment without problems earlier this month  Russian Railways on March 25 and Polyus Gold on March 28  the same day as Russia’s next international sovereign bond payment falls due.It’s not just international bondholders who are affected. Severstal  Russia’s top steelmaker NLMK  state-owned Russian Railways and fertiliser producer Eurochem are all struggling to get payments to Russian bondholders  the firms themselves and ITI Capital say.NLMK said on Tuesday it had paid a coupon on a 2024 bond but while foreigners had started to receive their money  Russian holders hadn’t.“This is due to the fact that… Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia’s NSD ” NLMK said. “We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents.”NSD confirmed it was receiving payments from Euroclear  but said it will not process these until Euroclear gets clarifications from European regulators.“After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed…as usual ” it said.The daily Kommersant newspaper  citing a source at a large brokerage firm  said some Russian holders of Moscow’s sovereign bonds also hadn’t received payments. A source at a European-based fund told Reuters it too had not received a sovereign bond payment due on Monday.The Russian finance ministry  Russian Railways and Eurochem did not reply to requests for comment.“Delays are possible for payments cleared via international depositories ” NSD added in a statement to Reuters.“This could be linked to ‘manual’ processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators”.(Reporting by Reuters; Editing by Alexander Smith  Kirsten Donovan),negative,0.02,0.2,0.78,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['Steel giant Severstal', 'first major default', 'Russia-Ukraine crisis', 'next international sovereign bond payment', 'Seaport Global credit analyst', 'foreign currency sovereign bonds', 'most international market bonds', 'March 16 coupon due date', 'international clearing houses', 'National Settlement Depository', 'daily Kommersant newspaper', 'Russian finance ministry', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'state-owned Russian Railways', 'latest Western sanctions', 'large brokerage firm', 'international bond payments', 'major Russian company', 'international bondholders', 'international depositories', 'global exchanges', 'corporate bonds', 'large stake', 'Russian government', 'Russian securities', 'Russian companies', 'Russian bondholders', 'Russian holders', 'Russian residents', 'steel firm', 'paying agent', 'Himanshu Porwal', 'coming days', 'constant discussions', 'special “licences', 'legal terms', 'asset ownership', 'domestic bondholders', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'legal action', 'unpaid amounts', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Polyus Gold', 'top steelmaker', 'fertiliser producer', 'legal grounds', 'European regulators', 'European-based fund', 'manual’ processing', 'Alexander Smith', 'Kirsten Donovan', 'first default', 'DELAYS POSSIBLE', '2024 bond', 'Severstal default', 'source', 'money', 'Citibank', 'crisis', 'people', 'Mordashov', 'Wednesday', 'deadline', 'issues', 'application', 'Event', 'countersanctions', 'Moscow', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'NSD', 'group', 'banks', 'part', 'trades', 'result', 'requests', 'comment', 'Ukraine', 'year-end', 'Investors', 'right', 'laws', 'Gazprom', 'problems', 'NLMK', 'Eurochem', 'firms', 'Tuesday', 'foreigners', 'fact', 'transactions', 'clarifications', 'curbs', 'The', 'Reuters', 'Monday', 'statement', 'orders', 'need', 'Editing']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,fxempire.com
1330,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.business-standard.com/article/international/russia-warns-of-possible-payment-delays-for-domestic-eurobond-holders-122032300698_1.html,Russia warns of possible payment delays for domestic Eurobond holders,Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) said that Russian holders of domestic corporate Eurobonds may see delays in receiving payments,"Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) said on Wednesday that Russian holders of domestic corporate Eurobonds may see delays in receiving payments settled through agents  as transactions get snarled up by sanctions.""Delays are possible for payments cleared via depositories. This could be linked to 'manual' processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators "" NSD said in a statement to Reuters.Russian sovereign and corporate Eurobond payments were previously processed by clearing and settlement firms such as Clearstream and Euroclear  which process payments and confirm ownership of assets before sending cash to Western bondholders and then to NSD for domestic holders.However  Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that the payment process on hard currency bonds issued by or Russian companies has become much more complicated  with some payments delayed or getting stuck in transit.Euroclear  owned by exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  both said they would stop settling trades in Russian securities in response to European Union financial sanctions after Russia's invasion of Ukraine last month.Clearstream and Euroclear did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Russian companies are due to pay $18.5 billion in external debt  including coupon payments  by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  and the Russian ministry is due to pay another $3.4 billion in sovereign Eurobonds.In a separate statement  NSD said that it is receiving Eurobond payments from Euroclear but will not process these until Euroclear gets clarifications from European regulators.NSD said it is not getting payments from Clearstream.""After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed... as usual "" NSD said.Dmitry Lesnov  head of the customer service department at Finam  said that his company is not receiving payments made via Euroclear or Clearstream.""We do not receive payments on foreign securities made via Euroclear  NSD receives them but does not yet process (them)  (we are) awaiting further clarifications "" he said.(Reporting by Reuters; Editing by Alexander Smith)(This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)",negative,0.03,0.39,0.59,negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['possible payment delays', 'domestic Eurobond holders', 'Russia', 'European Union financial sanctions', 'hard currency bonds', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'customer service department', 'Business Standard staff', 'National Settlement Depository', 'domestic corporate Eurobonds', 'corporate Eurobond payments', 'European regulators', 'settlement firms', 'domestic holders', 'sovereign Eurobonds', 'Western sanctions', 'Russian holders', ""manual' processing"", 'Russian companies', 'Russian sovereign', 'Western bondholders', 'payment process', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Russian securities', 'external debt', 'Russian ministry', 'Dmitry Lesnov', 'foreign securities', 'Alexander Smith', 'syndicated feed', 'separate statement', 'coupon payments', 'NSD', 'Wednesday', 'delays', 'agents', 'transactions', 'depositories', 'orders', 'need', 'clarifications', 'Reuters', 'clearing', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ownership', 'assets', 'cash', 'countersanctions', 'Moscow', 'transit', 'exchanges', 'banks', 'trades', 'response', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'request', 'comment', 'year-end', 'curbs', 'head', 'Finam', 'company', 'Editing', 'story']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,business-standard.com
1331,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.rappler.com/business/sanctions-delay-payments-russian-corporate-eurobond-holders-march-23-2022/,Sanctions delay payments to Russian corporate Eurobond holders,Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that the payment process on hard currency bonds issued by Russia or Russian companies has become much more complicated,MOSCOW. Cars drive along Tverskaya street with the towers of the State Historical Museum and the Kremlin in the background  in central Moscow  Russia  March 23  2022.Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that the payment process on hard currency bonds issued by Russia or Russian companies has become much more complicatedRussian holders of domestic corporate Eurobonds face delays in receiving payments settled through international agents  as transactions get snarled up by sanctions  Russia’s National Settlement Depository (NSD)  companies  and analysts said.Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that the payment process on hard currency bonds issued by Russia or Russian companies has become much more complicated  with some payments delayed or getting stuck in transit.Russian sovereign and corporate Eurobond payments were previously processed by international clearing and settlement firms such as Clearstream and Euroclear  which process payments and confirm ownership of assets before sending cash to Western bondholders and then to NSD for domestic holders.Euroclear  owned by exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  said they would stop settling trades in Russian securities in response to European Union sanctions after last month’s Russian invasion of Ukraine  which Moscow describes as a “strategic military operation.”“Delays are possible for payments cleared via international depositories ” NSD said in a statement to Reuters.“This could be linked to ‘manual’ processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators ” NSD added.Clearstream and Euroclear did not respond to requests for comment.Payments affectedRussian companies are due to pay $18.5 billion in external debt  including interest payments known as coupons  by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  and the Russian finance ministry is due to pay another $3.4 billion in sovereign Eurobonds.Russian holders of at least four corporate Eurobonds are struggling to get payments  the firms themselves and ITI Capital say  namely steelmakers NLMK and Severstal  state-owned Russian Railways  and fertilizer producer Eurochem.NLMK  Russia’s top steelmaker  said in a statement on Tuesday  March 22  that had it paid a coupon on its Eurobond due in 2024 and foreign noteholders started to receive their coupon payments  while Russian holders did not.“This is due to the fact that…Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia’s NSD. We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents ” it said.Severstal  whose main shareholder  Alexei Mordashov  was sanctioned by the EU on February 28  is also having trouble with the processing of its Eurobond coupon payment.The payment sent last week by Severstal for the coupon on its 2024 loan participation notes (LPN) has yet to be processed by Citibank  with the grace period set to expire on Wednesday  March 23  a source close to Severstal told Reuters on Tuesday.Russian Railways and Eurochem did not reply to Reuters requests for a comment.In a separate statement  NSD said that it is receiving Eurobond payments from Euroclear  but will not process these until Euroclear gets clarification from European regulators.NSD said it is not getting payments from Clearstream.“After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed…as usual ” NSD said.Dmitry Lesnov  head of the customer service department at Finam  said that his company is not receiving payments made via Euroclear or Clearstream and is awaiting further clarification.Coupon payments due over the next few days include from Gazprom and SIBUR on Wednesday  Russian Railways on Friday  March 25  and Polyus Gold on Monday  March 28  the same day Russia is due to make its next international bond payment.The Russian finance ministry made a $117-million and a $66-million Eurobond coupon payment recently  with foreign bondholders receiving their funds.Kommersant daily newspaper  citing a source at a large brokerage firm  said on Wednesday that some Russian holders of sovereign Eurobonds had not received coupon payments.The finance ministry did not reply to a request for a comment. – Rappler.com,negative,0.02,0.28,0.7,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['Russian corporate Eurobond holders', 'Sanctions', 'payments', 'next international bond payment', '$66-million Eurobond coupon payment', 'State Historical Museum', 'hard currency bonds', 'strategic military operation', '2024 loan participation notes', 'customer service department', 'Kommersant daily newspaper', 'large brokerage firm', 'National Settlement Depository', 'four corporate Eurobonds', 'domestic corporate Eurobonds', 'Russian finance ministry', 'state-owned Russian Railways', 'European Union sanctions', 'corporate Eurobond payments', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'payment process', 'international agents', 'international clearing', 'domestic holders', 'international depositories', 'sovereign Eurobonds', 'European regulators', 'Russian holders', 'Russian sovereign', 'Russian securities', 'Russian invasion', 'Russian residents', 'Tverskaya street', 'Western sanctions', 'settlement firms', 'Western bondholders', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'last month', 'external debt', 'fertilizer producer', 'top steelmaker', 'foreign noteholders', 'legal grounds', 'main shareholder', 'Alexei Mordashov', 'grace period', 'Dmitry Lesnov', 'Polyus Gold', 'foreign bondholders', 'Russian companies', 'coupon payments', 'manual’ processing', 'interest payments', 'separate statement', 'central Moscow', 'Reuters requests', 'Cars', 'towers', 'Kremlin', 'background', 'countersanctions', 'delays', 'transactions', 'NSD', 'transit', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ownership', 'assets', 'cash', 'exchanges', 'banks', 'trades', 'response', 'Ukraine', 'orders', 'need', 'clarifications', 'comment', 'coupons', 'year-end', 'steelmakers', 'NLMK', 'Severstal', 'Eurochem', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'fact', 'February', 'trouble', 'LPN', 'Citibank', 'Wednesday', 'source', 'curbs', 'head', 'Finam', 'company', 'days', 'Gazprom', 'SIBUR', 'Friday', 'Monday', 'funds', 'Rappler']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,rappler.com
1332,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.ledgerinsights.com/deutsche-borse-invests-in-blockchain-based-aircarbon-exchange/,Deutsche Börse invests in blockchain-based AirCarbon Exchange,7 hours ago,Today AirCarbon Exchange (ACX)  a blockchain-based Voluntary Carbon market  announced it had received significant funding from the Deutsche Börse group.At the same time  it announced a partnership with the Deutsche Boerse subsidiary  the European Energy Exchange (EEX). The EEX operates the common auction platform for the EU Emissions Trading System (EU ETS).ACX trades carbon credits in a similar way to a commodity market  with a conventional trade matching engine. However  the carbon credit certificates are tokenized on the public Binance Smart Chain blockchain  making their ownership easier to trace and allowing for real-time settlement.The majority of the transactions on the ACX platform so far are for CORSIA tokens which support carbon offsets in the aviation sector. During the first half of 2021  the transaction volumes across all its markets represented 3 603 284 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent. The company says it has more than 130 corporate clients.“I am confident that our 15 years of experience in operating spot and derivatives markets within the European Emissions Trading Scheme  coupled with ACX’s unique carbon solutions  will lead to a greater level of standardization required to successfully scale up Voluntary Carbon Markets ” said Tobias Paulun  Chief Strategy Officer of EEX.The Binance cryptocurrency exchange initiated Binance Smart Chain. It’s based on Ethereum code but with some modifications which enable faster consensus. The trade-off is that it’s far less decentralized compared to Ethereum  with just 21 validator nodes.Numerous initiatives are targeting voluntary carbon markets  some of them using cryptocurrencies and others on private blockchains. Several major banks  including the National Bank of Australia  Natwest  BNP Paribas and Standard Chartered  are collaborating on Carbonplace. And in Singapore  where ACX first launched  Standard Chartered alongside DBS Bank  the Singapore Exchange (SGX) and Temasek are involved in the Climate Impact X (CIX).,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'blockchain-based AirCarbon Exchange', 'public Binance Smart Chain blockchain', 'conventional trade matching engine', 'Deutsche Börse group', 'European Emissions Trading Scheme', 'EU Emissions Trading System', 'The Binance cryptocurrency exchange', 'blockchain-based Voluntary Carbon market', 'Deutsche Boerse subsidiary', 'European Energy Exchange', 'Chief Strategy Officer', 'Several major banks', 'Climate Impact X', 'carbon credit certificates', 'carbon dioxide equivalent', 'unique carbon solutions', 'common auction platform', 'Voluntary Carbon Markets', 'EU ETS', 'commodity market', 'carbon credits', 'carbon offsets', 'AirCarbon Exchange', 'The EEX', 'derivatives markets', 'Singapore Exchange', 'significant funding', 'same time', 'similar way', 'real-time settlement', 'CORSIA tokens', 'aviation sector', 'first half', 'transaction volumes', '3,603,284 metric tons', '130 corporate clients', 'operating spot', 'greater level', 'Tobias Paulun', 'faster consensus', '21 validator nodes', 'Numerous initiatives', 'private blockchains', 'National Bank', 'BNP Paribas', 'Standard Chartered', 'DBS Bank', 'ACX platform', 'Ethereum code', 'partnership', 'ownership', 'majority', 'transactions', 'company', '15 years', 'experience', 'standardization', 'modifications', 'trade-off', 'cryptocurrencies', 'others', 'Australia', 'Natwest', 'Carbonplace', 'SGX', 'Temasek', 'CIX']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,ledgerinsights.com
1333,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.reuters.com/article/ukraine-crisis-russia-settlement-idUSL5N2VQ1BQ,UPDATE 1-Russia warns of possible payment delays for domestic corporate Eurobond holders,13 hours ago,"(Reuters) -Russian steel giant Severstal was racing against the clock on Wednesday to avoid becoming the country’s first major corporate default since the Ukraine crisis began  with international payment lines snarled by sanctions.A general view shows the Moscow International Business Center also known as ""Moskva-City""  in Moscow  Russia  October 6  2016. REUTERS/Maxim ZmeyevSeverstal  whose main shareholder Alexey Mordashov is one of a number of wealthy Russians now sanctioned by the European Union  has until the end of the day to get an already overdue $12.6 million loan ‘coupon’ payment to its creditors.A source close to the steel firm said the money had been transferred last week but was yet to be processed and passed on by its paying agent Citibank.“This will technically be the first default since the crisis began to unfold ” Seaport Global credit analyst Himanshu Porwal said.“But people will know it is driven by the way the sanctions have been formulated  rather than the company’s fault ” adding Severstal might find a way to make the payment in the coming days  especially if Mordashov were to cut or relinquish his large stake in the firm  which itself is not sanctioned.With Wednesday’s deadline fast approaching Severstal said it had been in constant discussions about the issues  and that it was looking at an application for special “licences” that may be required to make the payment.The legal terms of the bonds state an “Event of Default” can be formally declared five working days after the March 16 coupon due date.The latest Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that transferring payments on Russian government and corporate bonds has become complex.Previously payments like Severstal’s would have been processed by international clearing houses such as Clearstream or Euroclear  which confirm asset ownership  and also funnel payments for domestic bondholders to Russia’s National Settlement Depository (NSD).However both Euroclear  owned by a group of global exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  have said they will stop settling trades in Russian securities as a result of the EU’s sanctions.Neither Clearstream  Euroclear nor Citigroup responded to requests for comment.DELAYS POSSIBLEA Severstal default would be the first by a major Russian company since Moscow was blanketed by sanctions for what it calls its “special military operation” in Ukraine  but it may not be alone.Russian companies need to make $18.5 billion of international bond payments by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  while Moscow needs to pay another $3.4 billion on its foreign currency sovereign bonds.Investors would have the right to take legal action to reclaim unpaid amounts  most likely in the United Kingdom or the United States - under whose laws most international market bonds are issued.Payments due in coming days include from Gazprom  which made a payment without problems earlier this month  Russian Railways on March 25 and Polyus Gold on March 28  the same day as Russia’s next international sovereign bond payment falls due.It’s not just international bondholders who are affected. Severstal  Russia’s top steelmaker NLMK  state-owned Russian Railways and fertiliser producer Eurochem are all struggling to get payments to Russian bondholders  the firms themselves and ITI Capital say.NLMK said on Tuesday it had paid a coupon on a 2024 bond but while foreigners had started to receive their money  Russian holders hadn’t.“This is due to the fact that... Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia’s NSD ” NLMK said. “We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents.”NSD confirmed it was receiving payments from Euroclear  but said it will not process these until Euroclear gets clarifications from European regulators.“After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed...as usual ” it said.The daily Kommersant newspaper  citing a source at a large brokerage firm  said some Russian holders of Moscow’s sovereign bonds also hadn’t received payments. A source at a European-based fund told Reuters it too had not received a sovereign bond payment due on Monday.The Russian finance ministry  Russian Railways and Eurochem did not reply to requests for comment.“Delays are possible for payments cleared via international depositories ” NSD added in a statement to Reuters.“This could be linked to ‘manual’ processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators”.",neutral,0.03,0.6,0.37,negative,0.01,0.2,0.79,True,English,"['domestic corporate Eurobond holders', 'possible payment delays', 'UPDATE', 'Russia', 'overdue $12.6 million loan ‘coupon’ payment', 'next international sovereign bond payment', 'Seaport Global credit analyst', 'foreign currency sovereign bonds', 'most international market bonds', 'March 16 coupon due date', 'Moscow International Business Center', 'first major corporate default', 'Russian steel giant Severstal', 'international clearing houses', 'National Settlement Depository', 'daily Kommersant newspaper', 'international payment lines', 'Russian finance ministry', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'major Russian company', 'state-owned Russian Railways', 'large brokerage firm', 'international bond payments', 'latest Western sanctions', 'corporate bonds', 'first default', 'international bondholders', 'international depositories', 'steel firm', 'global exchanges', 'large stake', 'Russian government', 'Russian securities', 'Russian companies', 'Russian bondholders', 'Russian holders', 'Russian residents', 'general view', 'Maxim Zmeyev', 'main shareholder', 'wealthy Russians', 'European Union', 'paying agent', 'Himanshu Porwal', 'coming days', 'constant discussions', 'special “licences', 'legal terms', 'asset ownership', 'domestic bondholders', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'legal action', 'unpaid amounts', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Polyus Gold', 'top steelmaker', 'fertiliser producer', 'legal grounds', 'European regulators', 'European-based fund', 'manual’ processing', 'Severstal default', 'Alexey Mordashov', 'DELAYS POSSIBLE', 'Ukraine crisis', '2024 bond', 'Reuters', 'clock', 'Wednesday', 'country', 'Moskva-City', 'number', 'end', 'creditors', 'source', 'money', 'Citibank', 'people', 'deadline', 'issues', 'application', 'Event', 'countersanctions', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'NSD', 'group', 'banks', 'part', 'trades', 'result', 'requests', 'comment', 'Investors', 'right', 'laws', 'Gazprom', 'problems', 'NLMK', 'Eurochem', 'firms', 'Tuesday', 'foreigners', 'fact', 'transactions', 'clarifications', 'curbs', 'The', 'Monday', 'statement', 'orders', 'need']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,reuters.com
1334,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.etfstream.com/news/global-x-hires-eu-legal-head-from-arthur-cox/,Global X hires EU legal head from Arthur Cox,17 hours ago,Global X hires EU legal head from Arthur CoxGlobal X has hired Laura Kearney as EU head of legal from Arthur Cox.Based in Dublin  Kearney spent four years as a senior associate in the asset management and investment funds division at Arthur Cox.Prior to this  she started her career at William Fry where she was an investment funds senior lawyer for seven years between 2011 and 2018.Kearney has also been a legal counsel at Morgan Stanley  Vanguard and Lazard Asset Management.Commenting on her appointment  Rob Oliver  head of business development  Europe  at Global X  said: “We are thrilled to have Laura Kearney join us as head of legal in Ireland.“The addition of Laura will be key to the growth of Global X’s European business. Laura joins at an exciting time as we continue to build the infrastructure to be a leading ETF issuer in markets across Europe and around the world.”The appointment comes at a time of expansion for Global X which has launched over 20 ETFs in the last five months alone.This includes a range of China thematic ETFs which were listed on Deutsche Boerse earlier this year and the launch of the firm’s first crypto ETPs on 9 March offering exposure to bitcoin and ethereum.Related articles,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,positive,0.58,0.4,0.02,True,English,"['EU legal head', 'Global X', 'Arthur Cox', 'investment funds senior lawyer', 'investment funds division', 'leading ETF issuer', 'last five months', 'first crypto ETPs', 'Lazard Asset Management', 'China thematic ETFs', 'EU legal head', 'senior associate', 'EU head', 'Global X', 'Arthur Cox', 'four years', 'William Fry', 'seven years', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Rob Oliver', 'business development', 'European business', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Related articles', 'legal counsel', 'exciting time', 'Laura Kearney', '20 ETFs', 'Dublin', 'career', 'Vanguard', 'appointment', 'Ireland', 'addition', 'growth', 'infrastructure', 'markets', 'world', 'expansion', 'range', 'launch', 'firm', 'March', 'exposure', 'bitcoin', 'ethereum', '9']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,etfstream.com
1335,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.etfstream.com/news/coinshares-expands-staked-etp-range-with-solana-launch/,CoinShares expands staked ETP range with solana launch,12 hours ago,CoinShares expands staked ETP range with solana launchThe second staked solana product to hit the marketCoinShares has launched a solana exchange-traded product (ETP) which will share staking rewards with investors.The CoinShares FTX Physical Staked Solana ETP (SLNC) is listed on the Deutsche Boerse with a total expanse ratio (TER) of 1.50% which has the potential to be offset by staking rewards.It added investors could earn an additional yield of 3% through staking rewards to be distributed at its discretion.Staking enables issuers to boost the returns of some ETPs by contributing their coins to large pools of assets in exchange for rewards. This can then be passed on to the investor via additional returns or a reduction in the management fee.What is staking? How issuers boost returns in crypto ETPsIt is the fourth staked product launched by CoinShares after it unveiled the CoinShares Physical Staked Cardano ETP (CSDA) earlier this month and is the first launched in partnership with the FTX cryptocurrency exchange.This followed the CoinShares Physical Staked Tezos ETP (XTZS) and the CoinShares Physical Staked Polkadot ETP (CDOT) launched in January.Frank Spiteri  chief revenue officer at CoinShares  said: “The feedback on our growing suite of innovative staked ETPs has been overwhelmingly positive  and collaborating with FTX to create the first Solana ETP with transparent staking rewards for investors allows us to double down on our commitment to providing investors with best-in-class regulated crypto products.“Solana is one of the most requested exposures amongst our clients and SLNC is launching with €1m SOL in assets under management  a level that meets institutions and corporates baseline for investment consideration.”It brings the total number of ETPs launched on the CoinShares platform to eight.SLNC is the second staked solana product to hit the market after 21Shares launched the Solana (SOL) ETP (ASOL) last June with a TER of 2.5%.Related articles,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.72,0.25,0.03,True,English,"['ETP range', 'solana launch', 'CoinShares', 'The CoinShares FTX Physical Staked Solana ETP', 'CoinShares Physical Staked Cardano ETP', 'CoinShares Physical Staked Tezos ETP', 'CoinShares Physical Staked Polkadot ETP', 'class regulated crypto products', 'fourth staked product', 'innovative staked ETPs', 'first Solana ETP', 'chief revenue officer', 'FTX cryptocurrency exchange', 'total expanse ratio', 'solana exchange-traded product', 'transparent staking rewards', 'ETP range', 'SOL) ETP', 'solana product', 'CoinShares platform', 'crypto ETPs', 'solana launch', 'total number', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'additional yield', 'large pools', 'Frank Spiteri', 'growing suite', '€1m SOL', 'corporates baseline', 'investment consideration', 'Related articles', 'management fee', 'additional returns', 'market', 'investors', 'SLNC', 'potential', 'discretion', 'issuers', 'assets', 'reduction', 'CSDA', 'partnership', 'XTZS', 'CDOT', 'January', 'feedback', 'commitment', 'exposures', 'clients', 'level', 'institutions', '21Shares', 'ASOL']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,etfstream.com
1336,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/nasdaq-inc-stock-underperforms-tuesday-when-compared-to-competitors-01647983349-7e2048477c28,Nasdaq Inc. stock underperforms Tuesday when compared to competitors,23 hours ago,Shares of Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ  -1.90% slid 0.07% to $177.51 Tuesday  on what proved to be an all-around great trading session for the stock market  with the S&P 500 Index SPX  -1.23% rising 1.13% to 4 511.61 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA  -1.29% rising 0.74% to 34 807.46. This was the stock's second consecutive day of losses. Nasdaq Inc. closed $37.45 short of its 52-week high ($214.96)  which the company achieved on November 5th.The stock demonstrated a mixed performance when compared to some of its competitors Tuesday  as Hong Kong Exchanges & Clearing Ltd. ADR HKXCY  -0.61% rose 0.85% to $48.65  CME Group Inc. Cl A CME  -0.48% fell 1.10% to $247.99  and Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY  -3.38% rose 2.32% to $18.07. Trading volume (687 969) remained 337 416 below its 50-day average volume of 1.0 M.Editor's Note: This story was auto-generated by Automated Insights  an automation technology provider  using data from Dow Jones and FactSet. See our market data terms of use.,negative,0.03,0.17,0.8,negative,0.04,0.1,0.87,True,English,"['Nasdaq Inc. stock', 'competitors', 'CME Group Inc. Cl A CME', 'Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA', 'Clearing Ltd. ADR HKXCY', 'S&P 500 Index SPX', '50-day average volume', 'Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ', 'second consecutive day', 'Hong Kong Exchanges', 'automation technology provider', 'great trading session', 'market data terms', 'Trading volume', '52-week high', 'November 5th', 'mixed performance', 'Automated Insights', 'stock market', 'Shares', 'losses', 'company', 'competitors', '1.0 M', 'Editor', 'Note', 'story', 'FactSet', 'use']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,marketwatch.com
1337,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/nasdaq-inc-stock-falls-wednesday-underperforms-market-01648069760-5fd3e3f4f874,Nasdaq Inc. stock falls Wednesday  underperforms market,58 mins ago,Shares of Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ  -1.90% shed 1.90% to $174.14 Wednesday  on what proved to be an all-around rough trading session for the stock market  with the S&P 500 Index SPX  -1.23% falling 1.23% to 4 456.24 and Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA  -1.29% falling 1.29% to 34 358.50. This was the stock's third consecutive day of losses. Nasdaq Inc. closed $40.82 below its 52-week high ($214.96)  which the company achieved on November 5th.The stock demonstrated a mixed performance when compared to some of its competitors Wednesday  as Hong Kong Exchanges & Clearing Ltd. ADR HKXCY  -0.61% fell 0.61% to $48.36  CME Group Inc. Cl A CME  -0.48% fell 0.48% to $246.79  and Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY  -3.38% fell 3.38% to $17.46. Trading volume (496 108) remained 527 766 below its 50-day average volume of 1.0 M.Editor's Note: This story was auto-generated by Automated Insights  an automation technology provider  using data from Dow Jones and FactSet. See our market data terms of use.,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,negative,0.01,0.13,0.86,True,English,"['Nasdaq Inc. stock', 'market', 'CME Group Inc. Cl A CME', 'Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA', 'S&P 500 Index SPX', 'around rough trading session', '50-day average volume', 'Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ', 'third consecutive day', 'Hong Kong Exchanges', 'automation technology provider', 'market data terms', 'ADR HKXCY', 'Trading volume', '52-week high', 'November 5th', 'mixed performance', 'Clearing Ltd.', 'Automated Insights', 'stock market', 'Shares', 'losses', 'company', 'competitors', '1.0 M', 'Editor', 'Note', 'story', 'FactSet', 'use']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,marketwatch.com
1338,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://us.acrofan.com/detail.php?number=635594,Deutsche Börse invests in and partners with the AirCarbon Exchange,LEIPZIG  Germany and LONDON and SINGAPORE  March 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- AirCarbon Exchange (ACX) is thrilled to announce a substantial investment by Deutsche Börse AG (DB1)  the parent company of European Energy Exchange AG (EEX).,"LEIPZIG  Germany and LONDON and SINGAPORE  March 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- AirCarbon Exchange (ACX) is thrilled to announce a substantial investment by Deutsche Börse AG (DB1)  the parent company of European Energy Exchange AG (EEX). This investment is a key milestone in ACX's journey  representing a firm recognition of ACX's achievements and potential  and brings together two leading groups in the global carbon markets.EEX's position at the forefront of the European Union Allowance market  coupled with ACX's pioneering application of distributed ledger technology to exchange infrastructure  promises to further accelerate the development and scaling of the voluntary carbon markets. Further  ACX's exchange platforms in Singapore  Brazil and other markets to be announced in the coming months  will act as a connecting point between the fragmented carbon origination market and EEX's well developed emissions trading platform. Both companies are committed to working together to provide a streamlined solution across the spot and futures carbon markets and the fruit of this cooperation will become apparent as product announcements are made in the coming months.William Pazos  Managing Director & Co-Founder of ACX: ""We are delighted to be working with DB1 and EEX. Our goal has always been to bring traditional commodities architecture to the carbon markets and this partnership is an integral part of delivering on this strategy. DB1's investment is a validation of our work thus far and  more importantly  sets the stage for a truly exciting future.""Thomas McMahon  CEO & Co-Founder of ACX: ""Markets do not scale in isolation. Growth through adoption and strong partnerships are key. Adapting to new market and product constructs for Carbon and Emission Instruments is a fundamental driver for ACX and having DB1 and EEX investing in the core belief is an honour. We look forward to pushing the envelope of opportunity with DB1 onboard.""Tobias Paulun  Chief Strategy Officer of EEX: ""I am pleased about the collaboration between DB1 and ACX as at EEX  we believe in building secure  successful  and sustainable markets together with our partners. I am confident that our 15 years of experience in operating spot and derivatives markets within the European Emissions Trading Scheme  coupled with ACX's unique carbon solutions  will lead to a greater level of standardization required to successfully scale up Voluntary Carbon Markets.""About Deutsche BörseAs an international exchange organisation and innovative market infrastructure provider  Deutsche Börse Group ensures markets characterised by integrity  transparency and stability. With its wide range of products  services and technologies  the Group organises safe and efficient markets for sustainable economies.Its business areas extend along the entire value chain in exchange trading  including the admission  trading and clearing  and custody of securities and other financial instruments  the dissemination of market data  as well as the management of collateral and liquidity. As a technology company  the Group develops state-of-the-art IT solutions and offers IT systems all over the world.With more than 9 000 employees  the Group has its headquarters in the financial centre of Frankfurt/Rhine-Main  as well as a strong global presence in locations such as Luxembourg  Prague  London  New York  Chicago  Hong Kong  Singapore  Beijing  Tokyo and Sydney.About EEX GroupEEX Group builds secure  successful and sustainable commodity markets worldwide – together with its customers. The group offers trading in power  natural gas  environmental products  freight and agriculturals as well as subsequent clearing and registry services  connecting a network of more than 800 trading participants. EEX Group consists of European Energy Exchange (EEX)  EPEX SPOT  EEX Asia  Power Exchange Central Europe (PXE) and Nodal Exchange as well as the registry provider Grexel Systems and software companies KB Tech and Lacima. Clearing is provided by EEX Group's clearing houses European Commodity Clearing (ECC) and Nodal Clear. EEX Group is based in 19 worldwide locations and is part of Deutsche Börse Group. EEX Group is a leading exchange group for Environmental Markets operating emissions trading based on the European Emissions Trading System (EU ETS) since 2005 and providing primary auctions in the EU ETS  on behalf of 25 EU Member States. In North America  Nodal Exchange  part of EEX Group  provides the largest portfolio of Environmental products  inter alia  based on the cap-and-trade schemes of California and the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI). Moreover  EEX together with New Zealand Exchange (NZX) operates emissions auctions for the New Zealand Emissions Trading System.More information on: https://www.eex-group.com/en/About AirCarbon ExchangeAirCarbon Exchange (""ACX"") is a global exchange revolutionizing the voluntary carbon market. The Exchange's client base comprises corporate entities  financial traders  carbon project developers and other industry stakeholders. ACX provides its clients with an efficient and transparent trading platform which is easy to use  frictionless and with the lowest commission fees available on the market. Its underlying technology will allow the carbon market to scale efficiently to meet global ambitions of Net Zero.Launched in 2019  the Exchange is a hybrid platform with a traditional central order book architecture that will be familiar to all experienced traders. The Exchange also utilizes the speed and efficiency of the blockchain to achieve atomic T-0 trade execution  clearing and settlement. The Exchange's core matching engine can currently match trades in the order ~10k per second.As of May 2021  ACX is the world's first carbon negative exchange  having offset its carbon emissions 12 months into the future (to May 2022) through the Onil Stoves Guatemala Uspantan project. ACX is committed to continuing to offset all of its emissions 12 months forward.For more information or to trade carbon  please reach out to info@AirCarbon.co or visit https://www.aircarbon.co.Copyright © acrofan All Right Reserved",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,positive,0.81,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'AirCarbon Exchange', 'partners', 'New Zealand Emissions Trading System', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative', 'European Union Allowance market', 'European Emissions Trading System', 'fragmented carbon origination market', 'European Energy Exchange AG', 'European Emissions Trading Scheme', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Power Exchange Central Europe', 'innovative market infrastructure provider', 'New Zealand Exchange', 'two leading groups', 'emissions trading platform', 'traditional commodities architecture', 'entire value chain', 'voluntary carbon market', 'carbon project developers', 'other industry stakeholders', 'international exchange organisation', 'distributed ledger technology', 'European Commodity Clearing', '25 EU Member States', 'unique carbon solutions', 'strong global presence', 'futures carbon markets', 'Chief Strategy Officer', 'global carbon markets', 'sustainable commodity markets', 'leading exchange group', 'other financial instruments', 'new market', 'emissions auctions', 'exchange trading', 'global exchange', 'market data', 'New York', 'natural gas', 'registry provider', 'other markets', '800 trading participants', 'sustainable markets', 'AirCarbon Exchange', 'exchange platforms', 'Nodal Exchange', 'The Exchange', 'strong partnerships', 'Emission Instruments', 'technology company', 'IT solutions', 'sustainable economies', 'financial centre', 'EU ETS', 'financial traders', 'derivatives markets', 'efficient markets', 'Environmental Markets', 'parent company', 'key milestone', 'firm recognition', 'pioneering application', 'coming months', 'connecting point', 'product announcements', 'William Pazos', 'Managing Director', 'exciting future', 'Thomas McMahon', 'product constructs', 'fundamental driver', 'core belief', 'Tobias Paulun', 'greater level', 'wide range', 'business areas', 'IT systems', 'Hong Kong', 'secure, successful', 'Grexel Systems', 'KB Tech', 'Nodal Clear', 'primary auctions', 'North America', 'largest portfolio', 'trade schemes', 'More information', 'client base', 'corporate entities', 'subsequent clearing', 'clearing houses', 'environmental products', 'registry services', 'software companies', '19 worldwide locations', 'EEX Group', 'EEX Asia', 'substantial investment', 'integral part', 'EPEX SPOT', 'EEX.', 'LEIPZIG', 'Germany', 'LONDON', 'SINGAPORE', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'ACX', 'journey', 'achievements', 'potential', 'position', 'forefront', 'development', 'scaling', 'Brazil', 'streamlined', 'fruit', 'cooperation', 'Founder', 'DB1', 'goal', 'validation', 'work', 'stage', 'CEO', 'isolation', 'Growth', 'adoption', 'honour', 'envelope', 'opportunity', 'collaboration', '15 years', 'experience', 'operating', 'standardization', 'integrity', 'transparency', 'stability', 'technologies', 'safe', 'admission', 'custody', 'securities', 'dissemination', 'management', 'collateral', 'liquidity', '9,000 employees', 'headquarters', 'Frankfurt/Rhine-Main', 'Luxembourg', 'Prague', 'Chicago', 'Beijing', 'Tokyo', 'Sydney', 'customers', 'freight', 'agriculturals', 'PXE', 'Lacima', 'ECC', 'behalf', 'alia', 'California', 'RGGI', 'NZX', 'clients', 'wit']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,us.acrofan.com
1339,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.metro.us/steel-giant-severstal-scrambles/,Steel giant Severstal scrambles to avoid first major default of Russia-Ukraine crisis – Metro US,"""at-above-post addthis_tool"" data-url="" -Russian steel giant Severstal was racing against the clock on Wednesday to avoid becoming the country’s first major corporate default since the Ukraine crisis began ",(Reuters) -Russian steel giant Severstal was racing against the clock on Wednesday to avoid becoming the country’s first major corporate default since the Ukraine crisis began  with international payment lines snarled by sanctions.Severstal  whose main shareholder Alexey Mordashov is one of a number of wealthy Russians now sanctioned by the European Union  has until the end of the day to get an already overdue $12.6 million loan ‘coupon’ payment to its creditors.A source close to the steel firm said the money had been transferred last week but was yet to be processed and passed on by its paying agent Citibank.“This will technically be the first default since the crisis began to unfold ” Seaport Global credit analyst Himanshu Porwal said.“But people will know it is driven by the way the sanctions have been formulated  rather than the company’s fault ” adding Severstal might find a way to make the payment in the coming days  especially if Mordashov were to cut or relinquish his large stake in the firm  which itself is not sanctioned.With Wednesday’s deadline fast approaching Severstal said it had been in constant discussions about the issues  and that it was looking at an application for special “licences” that may be required to make the payment.The legal terms of the bonds state an “Event of Default” can be formally declared five working days after the March 16 coupon due date.The latest Western sanctions and countersanctions by Moscow mean that transferring payments on Russian government and corporate bonds has become complex.Previously payments like Severstal’s would have been processed by international clearing houses such as Clearstream or Euroclear  which confirm asset ownership  and also funnel payments for domestic bondholders to Russia’s National Settlement Depository (NSD).However both Euroclear  owned by a group of global exchanges and banks  and Clearstream  part of Deutsche Boerse  have said they will stop settling trades in Russian securities as a result of the EU’s sanctions.Neither Clearstream  Euroclear nor Citigroup responded to requests for comment.DELAYS POSSIBLEA Severstal default would be the first by a major Russian company since Moscow was blanketed by sanctions for what it calls its “special military operation” in Ukraine  but it may not be alone.Russian companies need to make $18.5 billion of international bond payments by year-end  ITI Capital analysts estimate  while Moscow needs to pay another $3.4 billion on its foreign currency sovereign bonds.Investors would have the right to take legal action to reclaim unpaid amounts  most likely in the United Kingdom or the United States – under whose laws most international market bonds are issued.Payments due in coming days include from Gazprom  which made a payment without problems earlier this month  Russian Railways on March 25 and Polyus Gold on March 28  the same day as Russia’s next international sovereign bond payment falls due.It’s not just international bondholders who are affected. Severstal  Russia’s top steelmaker NLMK  state-owned Russian Railways and fertiliser producer Eurochem are all struggling to get payments to Russian bondholders  the firms themselves and ITI Capital say.NLMK said on Tuesday it had paid a coupon on a 2024 bond but while foreigners had started to receive their money  Russian holders hadn’t.“This is due to the fact that… Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia’s NSD ” NLMK said. “We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents.”NSD confirmed it was receiving payments from Euroclear  but said it will not process these until Euroclear gets clarifications from European regulators.“After curbs are lifted  payments will be processed…as usual ” it said.The daily Kommersant newspaper  citing a source at a large brokerage firm  said some Russian holders of Moscow’s sovereign bonds also hadn’t received payments. A source at a European-based fund told Reuters it too had not received a sovereign bond payment due on Monday.The Russian finance ministry  Russian Railways and Eurochem did not reply to requests for comment.“Delays are possible for payments cleared via international depositories ” NSD added in a statement to Reuters.“This could be linked to ‘manual’ processing of the orders linked to Russian companies as well as with a need to get clarifications from European regulators”.(Reporting by Reuters; Editing by Alexander Smith  Kirsten Donovan),negative,0.02,0.34,0.64,negative,0.01,0.2,0.78,True,English,"['Steel giant Severstal', 'first major default', 'Russia-Ukraine crisis', 'Metro US', 'overdue $12.6 million loan ‘coupon’ payment', 'next international sovereign bond payment', 'Seaport Global credit analyst', 'foreign currency sovereign bonds', 'most international market bonds', 'March 16 coupon due date', 'first major corporate default', 'Russian steel giant Severstal', 'international clearing houses', 'National Settlement Depository', 'daily Kommersant newspaper', 'international payment lines', 'Russian finance ministry', 'ITI Capital analysts', 'major Russian company', 'state-owned Russian Railways', 'large brokerage firm', 'latest Western sanctions', 'international bond payments', 'corporate bonds', 'first default', 'international bondholders', 'international depositories', 'steel firm', 'global exchanges', 'large stake', 'Russian government', 'Russian securities', 'Russian companies', 'Russian bondholders', 'Russian holders', 'Russian residents', 'main shareholder', 'wealthy Russians', 'European Union', 'paying agent', 'Himanshu Porwal', 'coming days', 'constant discussions', 'special “licences', 'legal terms', 'asset ownership', 'domestic bondholders', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'legal action', 'unpaid amounts', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Polyus Gold', 'top steelmaker', 'fertiliser producer', 'legal grounds', 'European regulators', 'European-based fund', 'manual’ processing', 'Alexander Smith', 'Kirsten Donovan', 'Severstal default', 'Alexey Mordashov', 'DELAYS POSSIBLE', 'Ukraine crisis', '2024 bond', 'Reuters', 'clock', 'Wednesday', 'country', 'number', 'end', 'creditors', 'source', 'money', 'Citibank', 'people', 'deadline', 'issues', 'application', 'Event', 'countersanctions', 'Moscow', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'NSD', 'group', 'banks', 'part', 'trades', 'result', 'requests', 'comment', 'Investors', 'right', 'laws', 'Gazprom', 'problems', 'NLMK', 'Eurochem', 'firms', 'Tuesday', 'foreigners', 'fact', 'transactions', 'clarifications', 'curbs', 'The', 'Monday', 'statement', 'orders', 'need', 'Editing']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,metro.us
1340,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/moonpay-startup-known-celeb-nft-181249653.html,MoonPay  Startup Known for Celeb NFT Buys  Adds Obama-Era Money Laundering Watchdog,Bush and Barack Obama  will advise MoonPay’s executives and compliance officials as the startup further establishes its systems for allowing people to buy and sell cryptocurrencies using a range of payment methods such as credit cards ,"James Freis  a former top money-laundering prevention official at the U.S. Treasury Department  has joined MoonPay as a special adviser for regulatory matters  the payments infrastructure company said Wednesday.Freis  who ran the Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) under former Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama  will advise MoonPay’s executives and compliance officials as the startup further establishes its systems for allowing people to buy and sell cryptocurrencies using a range of payment methods  such as credit cards  bank transfers and Apple Pay  the company said in a statement.“As MoonPay works to bring the next billion people into the crypto economy  Jim brings an unparalleled wealth of experience to the business and will be instrumental in helping us continue our growth ” Ivan Soto-Wright  chief executive officer and founder of MoonPay  said in a statement.MoonPay  which said it is valued at $3.4 billion after closing a Series A funding round last November  is registered with FinCEN as a money-services business  in addition to having money transmitter licenses held in 36 states  according to the company.The company acts as a ""concierge"" service for celebrities interested in purchasing non-fungible tokens (NFTs)  purchasing NFTs for high-profile individuals and advertising the sales on TV and in other locations.Freis  a lawyer and former official at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York  has also served as the chief compliance officer at Deutsche Börse Group. Atop FinCEN  he was responsible for government efforts to head off money laundering and financial fraud.“Part of the reason I was drawn to MoonPay is because it's innovating at speed while also taking very seriously obligations within an evolving regulatory framework ” Freis said.MoonPay has said it's focusing attention on non-fungible tokens  working to streamline the checkout process for NFT markets. The Treasury has warned that NFTs could become a favorite tool of money launderers  according to a study published last month.",negative,0.02,0.41,0.58,negative,0.01,0.2,0.79,True,English,"['Obama-Era Money Laundering Watchdog', 'Celeb NFT Buys', 'MoonPay', 'Startup', 'former Presidents George W. Bush', 'former top money-laundering prevention official', 'Series A funding round', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Financial Crimes Enforcement Network', 'U.S. Treasury Department', 'chief executive officer', 'Federal Reserve Bank', 'chief compliance officer', 'evolving regulatory framework', 'money transmitter licenses', 'next billion people', 'payments infrastructure company', 'former official', 'financial fraud', 'regulatory matters', 'compliance officials', 'bank transfers', 'money laundering', 'The Treasury', 'money launderers', 'special adviser', 'Barack Obama', 'payment methods', 'credit cards', 'Apple Pay', 'crypto economy', 'unparalleled wealth', 'Ivan Soto-Wright', 'concierge"" service', 'non-fungible tokens', 'high-profile individuals', 'other locations', 'New York', 'government efforts', 'checkout process', 'NFT markets', 'favorite tool', 'money-services business', 'James Freis', 'MoonPay', 'FinCEN', 'executives', 'startup', 'systems', 'cryptocurrencies', 'range', 'statement', 'Jim', 'experience', 'growth', 'founder', 'addition', '36 states', 'celebrities', 'NFTs', 'sales', 'TV', 'lawyer', 'reason', 'speed', 'obligations', 'attention', 'study']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1341,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse  HQLAx have been actively working on their blockchain-based securities platform  announcing that six… https://t.co/j1mBXsh4up,nan,Deutsche Börse  HQLAx have been actively working on their blockchain-based securities platform  announcing that six… https://t.co/j1mBXsh4up,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'blockchain-based securities platform', 'HQLAx', 'j1mBXsh4up', 'Deutsche Börse', 'blockchain-based securities platform', 'HQLAx', 'j1mBXsh4up']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1342,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@irinaborogan @apolyakova T-Mobile's parent company  @deutschetelekom  wants to continue operating its (also securi… https://t.co/JZtjiHIpID,nan,@irinaborogan @apolyakova T-Mobile's parent company  @deutschetelekom  wants to continue operating its (also securi… https://t.co/JZtjiHIpID,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['apolyakova T-Mobile', 'parent company', 'irinaborogan', 'operating', 'JZtjiHIpID', 'apolyakova T-Mobile', 'parent company', 'irinaborogan', 'operating', 'JZtjiHIpID']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,Unknown
1343,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://deadline.com/2022/03/cannes-chooses-former-warnermedia-exec-iris-knobloch-to-succeed-pierre-lescure-as-president-1234984743/,Cannes Chooses Former WarnerMedia Exec Iris Knobloch To Succeed Pierre Lescure As President,Iris Knobloch  the former boss of WarnerMedia France and Germany  has been selected by the Cannes Film Festival board as the event’s next president. She will succeed Pierre Lescure who is stepping down after this year’s edition  the festival has confirmed. Sh…,Iris Knobloch  the former boss of WarnerMedia France and Germany  has been selected by the Cannes Film Festival board as the event’s next president.She will succeed Pierre Lescure who is stepping down after this year’s edition  the festival has confirmed. She will also become the festival’s first female President.Knobloch departed WarnerMedia in 2021 after a 25-year run in different leadership roles. She led strategy and marketing activities in France  Benelux  Germany  Austria and Switzerland. Oversight included theatrical distribution  local theatrical productions  content licensing  home entertainment and consumer products  and WarnerMedia channel ad sales and distribution.Last year she also launched a €250 million ($300M) European SPAC with Artemis  a holding company backed by François-Henri Pinault  the billionaire French businessman married to Salma Hayek. Named I2PO  the special-purpose acquisition company claims to be the first outfit of its kind in Europe dedicated to investing in entertainment and leisure companies. I2PO is registered in France and is listing on Euronext Paris.Pinault owns the luxury brand Kering  which is one of Cannes’ big sponsors.Lescure is a former journalist and media executive who co-founded pay TV giant Canal Plus in 1984. Variety was first up with the news of Knobloch’s appointment.,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.08,negative,0.03,0.46,0.52,True,English,"['Former WarnerMedia Exec Iris Knobloch', 'Pierre Lescure', 'Cannes', 'President', 'pay TV giant Canal Plus', 'WarnerMedia channel ad sales', 'Cannes Film Festival board', 'Cannes’ big sponsors', 'different leadership roles', 'billionaire French businessman', 'local theatrical productions', 'special-purpose acquisition company', 'first female President', 'François-Henri Pinault', 'next president', 'holding company', 'first outfit', 'former boss', '25-year run', 'marketing activities', 'theatrical distribution', 'content licensing', 'consumer products', 'Salma Hayek', 'leisure companies', 'Euronext Paris', 'luxury brand', 'former journalist', 'media executive', 'WarnerMedia France', 'Pierre Lescure', 'home entertainment', 'Iris Knobloch', 'Germany', 'event', 'edition', 'strategy', 'Benelux', 'Austria', 'Switzerland', 'Oversight', '€250 million', 'Artemis', 'kind', 'Europe', 'I2PO', 'Kering', 'Variety', 'news', 'appointment']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,deadline.com
1344,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ensurge-micropower-asa-updated-financial-070000622.html,Ensurge Micropower ASA – Updated Financial Calendar: New date for Annual General Meeting,"Oslo  23 March 2022 Reference is made to the announcement by Ensurge Micropower ASA (the ""Company"") on 4 October 2021  wherein the Company announced the...","Ensurge Micropower ASAOslo  23 March 2022Reference is made to the announcement by Ensurge Micropower ASA (the ""Company"") on 4 October 2021  wherein the Company announced the Financial Calendar for the financial Year 2022.The 2022 Annual General Meeting will be held on 25 May 2022 (earlier communicated date: 26 May 2022).ContactStåle Bjørnstad - Investor RelationsE-mail: stale.bjornstad@ensurge.comPhone: +47 99 16 76 72Kevin Barber - Chief Executive OfficerE-mail: kevin.barber@ensurge.comThis information is published in accordance with the requirements of the Continuing Obligations in Euronext Oslo Børs Rule Book II.",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Ensurge Micropower ASA', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Financial Calendar', 'New date', 'Euronext Oslo Børs Rule Book II', 'The 2022 Annual General Meeting', 'Ståle Bjørnstad', 'earlier communicated date', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Ensurge Micropower ASA', 'Financial Calendar', 'financial Year', 'Investor Relations', 'Continuing Obligations', 'Kevin Barber', '23 March', 'Reference', 'announcement', 'Company', '4 October', '25 May', '26 May', 'Contact', 'mail', 'stale', 'bjornstad', 'Phone', 'information', 'accordance', 'requirements', '47']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1345,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/acacia-pharma-announces-chief-financial-061000755.html,Acacia Pharma Announces Chief Financial Officer Gary Gemignani is to Leave the Company,This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 596/2014. Cambridge  UK and Indianapolis  ...,Acacia Pharma Group plcThis announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 596/2014.Cambridge  UK and Indianapolis  US – 23 March 2022: Acacia Pharma Group plc (“Acacia Pharma” or the “Company”) (EURONEXT: ACPH)  a commercial stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing novel products to improve the care of patients undergoing serious medical treatments such as surgery  invasive procedures  or cancer chemotherapy  announces that its Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Gary Gemignani is to leave the Company to pursue another opportunity and will work with the Company to transition his responsibilities in advance of a successor being named.ContactsAcacia Pharma Group plcMike Bolinder  CEO+44 1223 919760 / +1 317 505 1280IR@acaciapharma.comInternational MediaFrazer Hall  Mark Swallow  David DibleMEDiSTRAVA Consulting+44 20 3928 6900acaciapharma@medistrava.comUS InvestorsLifeSci AdvisorsIrina Koffler+1 917-734-7387ikoffler@lifesciadvisors.com Media in Belgium and the NetherlandsChris Van Raemdonck+32 499 58 55 31chrisvanraemdonck@telenet.beAbout Acacia PharmaAcacia Pharma is a hospital pharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of new products aimed at improving the care of patients undergoing significant treatments such as surgery  other invasive procedures  or cancer chemotherapy. The Company has identified important and commercially attractive unmet needs in these areas that its product portfolio aims to address.Barhemsys® (amisulpride) injection is a selective dopamine (D 2 and D 3 ) receptor antagonist approved and available in the US for the treatment and prevention of postoperative nausea & vomiting (PONV) in adult patients.Please see full prescribing information  including Important Safety Information  at www.BARHEMSYS.com .Byfavo® (remimazolam) for injection  is an IV benzodiazepine sedative approved and available in the US for the induction and maintenance of procedural sedation in adults undergoing procedures lasting 30 minutes or less. Byfavo is in-licensed from Paion UK Limited for the US market.Story continuesPlease see full prescribing information  including Important Safety Information and Boxed Warning  at www.BYFAVO.com .APD403 (intravenous and oral amisulpride)  a selective dopamine antagonist for chemotherapy induced nausea & vomiting (CINV) has successfully completed one proof-of-concept and one Phase 2 dose-ranging study in patients receiving highly emetogenic chemotherapy.Acacia Pharma has its US headquarters in Indianapolis  IN and its R&D operations are centred in Cambridge  UK. The Company is listed on the Euronext Brussels exchange under the ISIN code GB00BYWF9Y76 and ticker symbol ACPH.This release is intended for investors and media only.www.acaciapharma.comForward looking statementThis announcement includes forward-looking statements  which are based on current expectations and projections about future events. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “believe”  “expect”  “intend”  “may”  “plan”  “will”  “should”  “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and assumptions about the Company and its subsidiaries and investments  including  among other things  the development of its business  trends in its operating industry  and future capital expenditures and acquisitions. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company's current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Group's business  results of operations  financial position  prospectus  growth or strategies and the industry in which it operates. Save as required by law or applicable regulation  the Company and its affiliates expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statement contained in this announcement whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made.,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,mixed,0.11,0.36,0.53,True,English,"['Chief Financial Officer Gary Gemignani', 'Acacia Pharma', 'Company', 'one Phase 2 dose-ranging study', 'commercial stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Acacia Pharma Group plc', 'Chris Van Raemdonck', 'attractive unmet needs', 'IV benzodiazepine sedative', 'ISIN code GB00BYWF9Y76', 'serious medical treatments', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'full prescribing information', 'Forward looking statement', 'future capital expenditures', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Euronext Brussels exchange', 'Important Safety Information', 'Paion UK Limited', 'hospital pharmaceutical company', 'selective dopamine antagonist', 'other invasive procedures', 'R&D operations', 'one proof', 'significant treatments', 'receptor antagonist', 'financial position', 'applicable regulation', 'forward-looking statement', 'new information', 'other things', 'future events', 'future developments', 'US market', 'novel products', 'Gary Gemignani', 'Mike Bolinder', 'Frazer Hall', 'Mark Swallow', 'David Dible', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Irina Koffler', 'new products', 'product portfolio', 'procedural sedation', 'Boxed Warning', 'ticker symbol', 'current expectations', 'similar meaning', 'current view', 'cancer chemotherapy', 'emetogenic chemotherapy', 'other words', 'US headquarters', 'other risks', 'MEDiSTRAVA Consulting', 'postoperative nausea', 'oral amisulpride', 'actual results', 'operating industry', 'International Media', 'adult patients', 'US Investors', 'The Company', 'statements', 'D 2', 'D 3', 'announcement', 'inside', 'purposes', 'Article', 'Cambridge', 'Indianapolis', 'ACPH', 'care', 'surgery', 'CFO', 'opportunity', 'responsibilities', 'advance', 'successor', 'Contacts', 'CEO', 'acaciapharma', 'ikoffler', 'lifesciadvisors', 'Belgium', 'Netherlands', 'chrisvanraemdonck', 'telenet', 'commercialization', 'areas', 'Barhemsys®', 'injection', 'prevention', 'vomiting', 'PONV', 'Byfavo®', 'remimazolam', 'induction', 'maintenance', 'adults', '30 minutes', 'Story', 'APD403', 'intravenous', 'CINV', 'concept', 'release', 'projections', 'limitation', 'believe', 'plan', 'could', 'terms', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'subsidiaries', 'investments', 'business', 'trends', 'acquisitions', 'nature', 'uncertainty', 'circumstances', 'respect', 'prospectus', 'growth', 'strategies', 'law', 'affiliates', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'date']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1346,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lack-quorum-combined-general-meeting-170000112.html,Lack of quorum at the Combined General Meeting as of March 23  2022 - 2nd invitation on 11 April  2022,Press Release Ecully  March 23  2022 – 6 pm 2nd invitation to the Combined General Meeting on 11 April 2022Availability of preparatory documents The Annual...,"SPINEWAYPress Release Ecully  March 23  2022 – 6 pm2nd invitation to the Combined General Meeting on 11 April 2022Availability of preparatory documentsThe Annual and Extraordinary General Meeting of Spineway held on Friday  23 March 2022 at 4:00 p.m. at the Group's headquarters was unable to be held due to a lack of quorum for both the resolutions falling within the competence of the ordinary and extraordinary general meeting.As a result  and in accordance with legal provisions  Spineway's shareholders are informed that an ordinary and extraordinary general meeting will be held on second convocation on Monday  11 April 2022 at 2:00 p.m. at the Group's headquarters  7 allée Moulin Berger in Ecully (69)  in order to deliberate on the same agenda as that appearing in the notice of meeting in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on 16 February 2022.In accordance with the provisions of Articles R. 225-77 and R. 225-79 of the French Commercial Code  postal voting forms sent to the Company and proxies given for the Combined General Meeting of 23 March 2022 on the first notice of meeting shall remain valid for the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting convened on the second notice of meeting on the same agenda  provided that the accounting registration of the shares is maintained.The text of the resolutions remains unchanged. The notice of the second convocation will be published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on 30 March 2022.The notice of the second convocation   as well as all the documents and information provided for in Article R.225-73-1 of the French Commercial Code  may be consulted on the company's website  under the heading ""Investors/Regulated Information"": https://spineway.com/investors/regulated-information/.SPINEWAY IS ELIGIBLE FOR THE PEA-PME (EQUITY SAVINGS PLANS FOR SMES)Find out all about Spineway at www.spineway.comThis press release has been prepared in both English and French. In case of discrepancies  the French version shall prevail.Story continuesSpineway designs  manufactures and markets innovative implants and surgical instruments for treating severe disorders of the spinal column.Spineway has an international network of over 50 independent distributors and 90% of its revenue comes from exports.Spineway  which is eligible for investment through FCPIs (French unit trusts specializing in innovation)  has received the OSEO Excellence award since 2011 and has won the Deloitte Fast 50 award (2011). Rhône Alpes INPI Patent Innovation award (2013) – INPI Talent award (2015).ISIN: FR0011398874 - ALSPWContacts:SPINEWAYShareholder-services lineAvailable Tuesday through Thursday+33 (0)806 706 060Eligible PEA / PMEALSPWEuronext GrowthAELIUMFinance & CommunicationInvestor relationsSolène Kennisspineway@aelium.frAttachment",negative,0.01,0.02,0.97,mixed,0.41,0.21,0.38,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', '2nd invitation', 'Lack', 'quorum', 'March', '11 April', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', '7 allée Moulin Berger', 'INPI Patent Innovation award', 'INPI Talent award', 'OSEO Excellence award', 'Deloitte Fast 50 award', 'postal voting forms', 'EQUITY SAVINGS PLANS', 'Rhône Alpes', 'Solène Kennis', 'French Commercial Code', 'French unit trusts', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'French version', 'Press Release', '2nd invitation', 'second convocation', 'same agenda', 'accounting registration', 'innovative implants', 'surgical instruments', 'severe disorders', 'spinal column', 'international network', '50 independent distributors', 'Shareholder-services line', 'Eligible PEA', 'Euronext Growth', 'Investor relations', 'preparatory documents', 'legal provisions', 'Investors/Regulated Information', 'ALSPW Contacts', 'first notice', 'second notice', 'Spineway designs', 'Ecully', 'March', '11 April', 'Availability', 'Annual', 'Friday', 'Group', 'headquarters', 'lack', 'quorum', 'resolutions', 'competence', 'result', 'accordance', 'shareholders', 'Monday', 'BALO', '16 February', 'Articles', 'R.', 'Company', 'proxies', 'shares', 'text', 'website', 'heading', 'regulated-information', 'THE', 'PEA-PME', 'SMES', 'English', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'Story', 'revenue', 'exports', 'investment', 'FCPIs', 'ISIN', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', 'AELIUM', 'Finance', 'Communication', 'Attachment', '4:00', '2:00']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1347,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220323005135/en/Wolters-Kluwer-adds-the-2022-Artificial-Intelligence-Excellence-Award-to-its-tally-of-accolades-for-the-CCH%C2%AE-Tagetik-Predictive-Intelligence-expert-solution,Wolters Kluwer adds the 2022 Artificial Intelligence Excellence Award to its tally of accolades for the CCH® Tagetik Predictive Intelligence expert solution,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Wolters Kluwer CCH® Tagetik Predictive Intelligence expert solution recognized for empowering CFOs with explainable predictions & actionable insights.,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Today  Wolters Kluwer announced that its cloud-based CCH® Tagetik Predictive Intelligence global expert solution was named a winner in the Artificial Intelligence Excellence Awards program presented by the Business Intelligence Group. This innovative global expert solution uses artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning to empower the office of the CFO with explainable predictions and actionable insights that help finance professionals go beyond basic planning and make data-driven decisions faster.CCH® Tagetik Predictive Intelligence provides finance professionals in the office of the CFO with more agility  greater accuracy  and the tools they need to deliver trusted plans that boost financial performance for their business. This out-of-the-box predictive planning solution empowers teams with explainable predictions and actionable insights they need to make better decisions faster. Its embedded machine learning technology interconnects data across the organization to help illuminate key business drivers and to shine light on the best path forward.“We are honored that the Business Intelligence Group has recognized the innovative CCH® Tagetik Predictive Intelligence solution with another prestigious award ” said Ralf Gärtner  Senior Vice President and General Manager of Corporate Performance Solutions  Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting. “Disruptive and actionable innovation that applies advanced technologies like AI for predictive planning opens a new world of opportunity for finance departments by enabling real-time insights that help uncover performance drivers to allow more informed decision-making.”“We are so proud to name Wolters Kluwer as a winner in our Artificial Intelligence Excellence Awards program ” said Maria Jimenez  chief nominations officer for Business Intelligence Group. “It was clear to our judges that CCH® Tagetik Predictive Intelligence expert solution was using AI to improve the lives of customers and their employees. Congratulations to the entire team!”About Business Intelligence GroupThe Business Intelligence Group was founded with the mission of recognizing true talent and superior performance in the business world. Unlike other industry award programs  these programs are judged by business executives having experience and knowledge. The organization’s proprietary and unique scoring system selectively measures performance across multiple business domains and then rewards those companies whose achievements stand above those of their peers.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with advanced technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and YouTube.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.73,0.25,0.02,True,English,"['CCH® Tagetik Predictive Intelligence expert solution', '2022 Artificial Intelligence Excellence Award', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'tally', 'accolades', 'cloud-based CCH® Tagetik Predictive Intelligence global expert solution', 'innovative CCH® Tagetik Predictive Intelligence solution', 'CCH® Tagetik Predictive Intelligence expert solution', 'Artificial Intelligence Excellence Awards program', 'innovative global expert solution', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'other industry award programs', 'embedded machine learning technology', 'The Business Intelligence Group', 'predictive planning solution', 'Ralf Gärtner', 'Senior Vice President', 'chief nominations officer', 'unique scoring system', 'multiple business domains', 'key business drivers', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Corporate Performance Solutions', 'expert solutions', 'global leader', 'Wolters Kluwer Tax', 'ADR) program', 'prestigious award', 'advanced technology', 'The ADRs', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business world', 'business executives', 'performance drivers', 'basic planning', 'software solutions', 'NEW YORK', 'explainable predictions', 'actionable insights', 'finance professionals', 'greater accuracy', 'trusted plans', 'financial performance', 'best path', 'General Manager', 'actionable innovation', 'advanced technologies', 'new world', 'finance departments', 'real-time insights', 'informed decision-making', 'Maria Jimenez', 'entire team', 'true talent', 'superior performance', 'regulatory sectors', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'data-driven decisions', 'critical decisions', 'professional information', 'winner', 'CFO', 'agility', 'tools', 'box', 'teams', 'organization', 'light', 'Accounting', 'Disruptive', 'opportunity', 'judges', 'lives', 'customers', 'employees', 'Congratulations', 'mission', 'experience', 'proprietary', 'companies', 'achievements', 'peers', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'governance', 'risk', 'compliance', 'legal', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,businesswire.com
1348,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000930.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 22 Mar 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.4250 £ 24.6601 Estimated MTD return -0.09 % -0.12 % Estimated YTD return -2.66 % -2.55 % Estimated ITD return 184.25 % 146.60 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.50 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.33 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.90 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury 64 833 N/A Shares Issued 12 381 421 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.5135 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.2998The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', '833 N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1349,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stellantis-affirms-commitment-italy-automotive-071600407.html,Stellantis Affirms Commitment to Italy with Automotive Cells Company’s (ACC) Planned Battery Plant Investment,Stellantis Affirms Commitment to Italy with Automotive Cells Company’s (ACC) Planned Battery Plant Investment ACC intends to build a third production site at...,STELLANTIS N.VStellantis Affirms Commitment to Italy with Automotive Cells Company’s (ACC) Planned Battery Plant InvestmentACC intends to build a third production s ite at the Stellantis facility in Termoli   ItalyPartners to accelerate ACC development with an objective of at least 120 gigawatt hours of cell capacity by 2030AMSTERDAM  March 23  2022 – Together with its partners  Stellantis supports Automotive Cells Company’s (ACC) growth plans as it intends to transform Stellantis’ existing Termoli plant in Italy to a new battery facility and finalizes the agreement to add Mercedes-Benz as a new  equal partner with TotalEnergies/Saft and Stellantis.The partners have also committed to increase ACC’s industrial capacity to at least 120 gigawatt hours (GWh) by 2030 and to scale up development and production of next-generation high-performance battery cells and modules.“We are grateful to everyone involved in this investment to secure the future of the great community in Termoli ” said Carlos Tavares  Stellantis CEO. “Transforming the existing plant to help support a more sustainable future positions ACC as the European leader in battery manufacturing and reaffirms  thanks to the collaboration with the Ministry of Economic Development  Italy’s role in supporting Stellantis’ transformation to a sustainable mobility tech company.”As part of the Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan  Stellantis announced plans to have global annual battery electric vehicle sales of five million vehicles by 2030  reaching 100% of passenger car BEV sales mix in Europe and 50% passenger cars and light-duty trucks in the United States. Stellantis also increased planned battery capacity by 140 GWh to approximately 400 GWh  to be supported by five gigafactories together with additional supply contracts.Automotive Cells Company was founded by Stellantis and TotalEnergies/Saft in August 2020.The closing is subject to customary closing conditions  including regulatory approvals.Story continues# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Nathalie ROUSSEL + 33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.28,0.43,True,English,"['Planned Battery Plant Investment', 'Automotive Cells Company', 'Stellantis', 'Commitment', 'Italy', 'global annual battery electric vehicle sales', 'passenger car BEV sales mix', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'next-generation high-performance battery cells', 'Planned Battery Plant Investment', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'Stellantis’ existing Termoli plant', 'Automotive Cells Company', 'additional supply contracts', 'sustainable future positions', 'global financial markets', 'new battery facility', 'new, equal partner', 'general economic environment', 'third production s', 'innovative, attractive products', 'five million vehicles', 'customary closing conditions', 'other anticipated aspects', 'STELLANTIS N.V', 'existing plant', 'mobility provider', 'battery manufacturing', '50% passenger cars', 'battery capacity', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'innovative products', 'Citroën', 'automotive industry', 'five gigafactories', 'political conditions', 'future financial', 'local economic', 'Stellantis facility', '120 gigawatt hours', 'cell capacity', 'industrial capacity', 'great community', 'Carlos Tavares', 'European leader', 'Economic Development', 'light-duty trucks', 'United States', 'regulatory approvals', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'anticipated results', 'business strategies', 'operating results', 'closing date', 'current state', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'trade policy', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'various types', 'governmental investigations', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'other changes', 'Stellantis CEO', 'Stellantis’ transformation', 'future events', 'iconic brands', 'similar terms', 'regional tariffs', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'Nathalie ROUSSEL', 'ACC development', 'Commitment', 'Italy', 'Partners', 'objective', 'AMSTERDAM', 'agreement', 'Mercedes-Benz', 'TotalEnergies/Saft', 'GWh', 'modules', 'everyone', 'reaffirms', 'collaboration', 'Ministry', 'role', 'plans', 'August', 'Story', 'NYSE', 'MTA', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'transaction', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'target', 'forecast', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'impact', 'ability', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'imposition', 'enactment', 'regulations', 'enhanced', 'electrification', 'connectivity', 'claims', 'lawsuits']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1350,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bic-disclosure-trading-own-shares-164500943.html,BIC: Disclosure Of Trading In Own Shares For February 2022,Disclosure Of Trading In Own SharesFor February 2022 CLICHY – March 11  2022 In compliance with general regulation on share buy-backs  SOCIÉTÉ BIC declares...,"Societe BICDisclosure Of Trading In Own SharesFor February 2022CLICHY – March 11  2022In compliance with general regulation on share buy-backs  SOCIÉTÉ BIC declares below the transactions made on its own shares for February 2022 :Date Number of shares Average weighted price in € Amount in € 01/02/22 3 300 50 1720 165 567 60 02/02/22 4 000 49 7124 198 849 60 03/02/22 4 300 49 1996 211 558 28 04/02/22 4 500 48 8843 219 979 35 07/02/22 4 500 48 9610 220 324 50 08/02/22 4 500 48 7020 219 159 00 09/02/22 4 500 49 1701 221 265 45 10/02/22 4 500 49 0916 220 912 20 11/02/22 4 500 48 8412 219 785 40 14/02/22 4 500 48 5580 218 511 00 15/02/22 4 600 47 9264 220 461 44 16/02/22 4 750 46 5672 221 194 20 17/02/22 4 700 47 1510 221 609 70 18/02/22 4 700 47 3022 222 320 34 21/02/22 4 700 47 1105 221 419 35 22/02/22 4 700 46 6231 219 128 57 23/02/22 4 700 47 1181 221 455 07 24/02/22 4 750 46 5728 221 220 80 24/02/22 23 438 46 4600 1 088 929 48 25/02/22 4 700 46 9042 220 449 74 28/02/22 4 730 47 0675 222 629 28 TOTAL 113 568 47 6959 5 416 730 35ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationery  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox and more. In 2021  BIC Net Sales were 1 831.9 million euros. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris"" "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSophie Palliez-CapianVP  Corporate Stakeholder Engagement+33 1 45 19 55 28+ 33 87 89 3351Sophie.palliez@bicworld.comMichèle VenturaSenior Manager  Investor Relations+ 33 1 45 19 52 98Michele.ventura@bicworld.com Albane de La Tour d’ArtaiseSenior Manager  Institutional Press Relations+ 33 1 45 19 51 51+ 33 7 85 88 19 48Albane.DeLaTourDArtaise@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2022 AGENDAStory continuesALL DATES TO BE CONFIRMED1st Quarter 2022 Results April 26  2022 2022 Annual General Meeting 18 May  2022 1st Half 2022 Results August 2  2022 3rd Quarter 2022 Results October 27  2022Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Own Shares', 'BIC', 'Disclosure', 'Trading', 'February', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Corporate Stakeholder Engagement', '1st Quarter 2022 Results', '1st Half 2022 Results', '3rd Quarter 2022 Results', 'Institutional Press Relations', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Michèle Ventura', 'SOCIÉTÉ BIC', 'BIC Net Sales', 'BIC products', 'general regulation', 'Investor Relations', 'share buy-backs', 'Date Number', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'Euronext Paris', 'sustainable development', 'Senior Manager', 'La Tour', 'Isabelle de', 'Societe BIC', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'bic.com', 'world leader', 'Sophie Palliez-Capian', 'Own Shares', 'Disclosure', 'Trading', 'February', 'CLICHY', 'March', 'compliance', 'transactions', 'Average', 'price', 'Amount', '01/02', 'TOTAL', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '75 years', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Lucky', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'euros', 'part', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACT', 'VP', 'bicworld', 'Michele', 'Albane', 'Artaise', 'Segonzac', 'Image', '2022 AGENDA', 'Story', 'DATES', 'April', 'August', 'Attachment', '€']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1351,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000201.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 22 Mar 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.4250 £ 24.6601 Estimated MTD return -0.09 % -0.12 % Estimated YTD return -2.66 % -2.55 % Estimated ITD return 184.25 % 146.60 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.50 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.33 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.90 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury 64 833 N/A Shares Issued 12 381 421 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.5135 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.2998The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '833 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1352,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stellantis-lg-energy-solution-invest-152400571.html,Stellantis and LG Energy Solution to Invest Over $5 Billion CAD in Joint Venture for First Large-scale Lithium-ion Battery Production Plant in Canada,Joint venture company to become first large-scale  domestic  electric-vehicle battery manufacturing facility in Canada,"WINDSOR  ON  March 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ --Stellantis and LG Energy Solution to invest over $5 billion CAD in joint venture for first large-scale lithium-ion battery production plant in Canada.Joint venture company to become first large-scale  domestic  electric-vehicle battery manufacturing facility in CanadaFacility to have an annual production capacity in excess of 45 gigawatt hoursPlant targeted to be operational in 2024 and create an estimated 2 500 new jobsStellantis N.V. and LG Energy Solution (LGES) today announced they have executed binding  definitive agreements to establish the first large-scale  domestic  electric-vehicle battery manufacturing facility in Canada. The joint venture company will produce leading edge lithium-ion battery cells and modules to meet a significant portion of Stellantis' vehicle production requirements in North America.The joint venture company will invest more than $5 billion CAD ($4.1 billion USD) to establish operations  which will include an all-new battery manufacturing plant located in Windsor  Ontario  Canada. Plant construction activities are scheduled to begin later this year  with production operations planned to launch in the first quarter of 2024.The plant aims to have an annual production capacity in excess of 45 gigawatt hours (GWh) and will create an estimated 2 500 new jobs in Windsor and the surrounding areas. Each of the municipal  provincial and federal levels of the Canadian government have agreed to fully support the successful operation of the joint venture company.With the battery manufacturing plant located in Windsor  Ontario  home to Canada's largest automotive cluster  Stellantis and LGES expect the plant to serve as a catalyst for the establishment of a strong battery supply chain in the region. Canada is committed to establishing a broad  local battery ecosystem by leveraging  among other things  its leadership in the generation of electricity from renewable sources.""Our joint venture with LG Energy Solution is yet another stepping stone to achieving our aggressive electrification road map in the region  aimed at hitting 50% of battery-electric vehicle sales in the U.S. and Canada by the end of the decade "" said Carlos Tavares  Stellantis CEO. ""We are grateful to the municipal  provincial and federal levels of government for their support and commitment to help position Canada as a North American leader in the production of electric-vehicle batteries.""Story continues""Through this joint venture  LG Energy Solution will be able to position itself as a critical player in building green energy value chains in the region "" said Youngsoo Kwon  CEO of LG Energy Solution. ""Creating a joint venture battery manufacturing company in Canada  recognized as one of the leading nations in renewable energy resources  is key for LG Energy Solution as we aim to power more electric vehicles around the world.""""Today's announcement of a world leading facility to build electric-vehicle batteries in Windsor is an investment in our workers  our communities and our future. Partnerships like these are critical to creating new jobs and putting Canada on the cutting edge of the clean economy. By working together  we are creating thousands of new jobs  making a difference in the lives of people now and making sure that future generations have a clean environment to live in "" said Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau.""Attracting this multi-billion-dollar investment will secure Ontario's place as a North American hub for building the cars and batteries of the future. As we secure game-changing investments  we're also connecting resources  industries and workers in northern Ontario with the manufacturing might of southern Ontario to build up home-grown supply chains. Every region of Ontario will benefit with thousands of jobs being created and a stronger economy that works for everyone "" said Ontario Premier Doug Ford.""Stellantis is Windsor's largest employer and has a rich history in this community. Chrysler began operations in this community in 1925 and has employed generations of Windsor–Essex workers at its facility. With this announcement  we are securing the future for thousands more local workers and securing Windsor's strategic location as the home of Canada's electric vehicle future. As the world pivots to EVs  Windsor will soon be home to the battery manufacturing facility that powers it all "" said Mayor of Windsor Drew Dilkens.As part of the Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan  Stellantis announced plans to have global annual battery-electric vehicle sales of 5 million vehicles by 2030  reaching 100% of passenger car BEV sales mix in Europe and 50% passenger car and light-duty truck BEV sales mix in North America. Stellantis also increased planned battery capacity by 140 GWh to approximately 400 GWh  to be supported by five battery manufacturing plants together with additional supply contracts. LG Energy Solution  with this latest announcement  has now solidly secured production capacity of over 200 GWh in North America annually  translating into production of 2.5 million high-performance electric vehicles. The battery manufacturer has previously announced plans to invest approximately $4.6 billion (USD) into battery facilities in North America. Globally  LGES is on course to expand its international production network in multiple continents  including countries such as Canada  U.S.  Poland  Indonesia  China and South Korea.The closing is subject to customary closing conditions  including regulatory approvals.LG Energy SolutionLG Energy Solution (KRX: 373220) is a global leader delivering advanced lithium-ion batteries for Electric Vehicles (EV)  Mobility & IT applications  and Energy Storage Systems (ESS). With 30 years of experience in advanced battery technology  it continues to grow rapidly towards the realization of sustainable life. With its robust global network that spans the U.S.  Europe  Asia  and Australia  LG Energy Solution is more committed than ever to developing innovative technologies that will bring the future energy a step closer. Under its ESG vision ""We CHARGE toward a better future "" LG Energy Solution is doing its utmost to prioritize environment  fulfil social responsibilities and shape sustainable future. For more information  please visit https://www.lgensol.com.StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today's customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2Move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/stellantis-and-lg-energy-solution-to-invest-over-5-billion-cad-in-joint-venture-for-first-large-scale-lithium-ion-battery-production-plant-in-canada-301509120.htmlSOURCE Stellantis",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.66,0.29,0.05,True,English,"['First Large-scale Lithium-ion Battery Production Plant', 'LG Energy Solution', '$5 Billion CAD', 'Joint Venture', 'Stellantis', 'Canada', 'first large-scale, domestic, electric-vehicle battery manufacturing facility', 'first large-scale lithium-ion battery production plant', 'light-duty truck BEV sales mix', 'leading edge lithium-ion battery cells', 'passenger car BEV sales mix', 'global annual battery-electric vehicle sales', 'joint venture battery manufacturing company', 'five battery manufacturing plants', 'aggressive electrification road map', 'strong battery supply chain', 'broad, local battery ecosystem', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan', 'green energy value chains', 'new battery manufacturing plant', 'Ontario Premier Doug Ford', ""Stellantis' vehicle production requirements"", 'home-grown supply chains', 'additional supply contracts', 'annual production capacity', 'Joint venture company', 'LG Energy Solution', 'binding, definitive agreements', 'Plant construction activities', 'world leading facility', 'largest automotive cluster', 'North American leader', 'North American hub', '45 gigawatt hours Plant', 'electric vehicle future', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'renewable energy resources', 'first quarter', 'Windsor Drew Dilkens', 'Canada Justin Trudeau', '50% passenger car', 'battery capacity', 'manufacturing might', 'electric-vehicle batteries', 'Windsor–Essex workers', 'cutting edge', 'leading nations', 'Canada Facility', 'strategic location', 'local workers', 'renewable sources', 'electric vehicles', 'largest employer', 'production operations', '2,500 new jobs', 'significant portion', 'surrounding areas', 'municipal, provincial', 'federal levels', 'successful operation', 'other things', 'stepping stone', 'U.S.', 'Carlos Tavares', 'critical player', 'Youngsoo Kwon', 'clean economy', 'clean environment', 'Prime Minister', 'game-changing investments', 'stronger economy', 'rich history', '5 million vehicles', 'northern Ontario', 'southern Ontario', 'Canadian government', 'multi-billion-dollar investment', 'latest announcement', 'Stellantis CEO', 'future generations', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'CAD', 'excess', 'LGES', 'modules', 'GWh', 'catalyst', 'establishment', 'region', 'leadership', 'electricity', 'end', 'support', 'commitment', 'position', 'Today', 'communities', 'Partnerships', 'thousands', 'difference', 'lives', 'people', 'place', 'cars', 'industries', 'everyone', 'community', 'Chrysler', 'EVs', 'Mayor', 'plans', 'Europe']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1353,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stellantis-lg-energy-solution-invest-150700942.html,Stellantis and LG Energy Solution to Invest Over $5 Billion CAD in Joint Venture for First Large Scale Lithium-Ion Battery Production Plant in Canada,Stellantis and LG Energy Solution to Invest Over $5 Billion CAD in Joint Venture for First Large Scale Lithium-Ion Battery Production Plant in Canada Joint...,"STELLANTIS N.VStellantis and LG Energy Solution to Invest Over $5 Billion CAD in Joint Venture for First Large Scale Lithium-Ion Battery Production Plant in CanadaJoint venture company to become first large scale  domestic  electric vehicle battery manufacturing facility in CanadaFacility to have an annual production capacity in excess of 45 gigawatt hoursPlant targeted to be operational in 2024 and create an estimated 2 500 new jobsOntario  Canada  March 23  2022 – Stellantis N.V. and LG Energy Solution (LGES) today announced they have executed binding  definitive agreements to establish the first large scale  domestic  electric vehicle battery manufacturing facility in Canada. The joint venture company will produce leading edge lithium-ion battery cells and modules to meet a significant portion of Stellantis’ vehicle production requirements in North America.The joint venture company will invest over $5 billion CAD ($4.1 billion USD) to establish operations  which will include an all-new battery manufacturing plant located in Windsor  Ontario  Canada. Plant construction activities are scheduled to begin later this year with production operations planned to launch in the first quarter of 2024.The plant aims to have an annual production capacity in excess of 45 gigawatt hours (GWh) and will create an estimated 2 500 new jobs in Windsor and the surrounding areas. Each of the Municipal  Provincial and Federal levels of the Canadian government have agreed to fully support the successful operation of the joint venture company.With the battery manufacturing plant located in Windsor  Ontario  home to Canada’s largest automotive cluster  Stellantis and LGES expect the plant to serve as a catalyst for the establishment of a strong battery supply chain in the region. Canada is committed to establishing a broad  local battery ecosystem by leveraging  among other things  its leadership in the generation of electricity from renewable sources.“Our joint venture with LG Energy Solution is yet another stepping stone to achieving our aggressive electrification roadmap in the region aimed at hitting 50% of battery electric vehicle sales in the US and Canada by the end of the decade ” said Carlos Tavares  Stellantis CEO. “We are grateful to the Municipal  Provincial and Federal levels of government for their support and commitment to help position Canada as a North American leader in the production of electric vehicle batteries.”Story continues“Through this joint venture  LG Energy Solution will be able to position itself as a critical player in building green energy value chains in the region ” said Youngsoo Kwon  CEO of LG Energy Solution. “Creating a joint venture battery manufacturing company in Canada  recognized as one of the leading nations in renewable energy resources  is key for LG Energy Solution as we aim to power more electric vehicles around the world.”“Today’s announcement of a world leading facility to build electric vehicle batteries in Windsor is an investment in our workers  our communities and our future. Partnerships like these are critical to creating new jobs and putting Canada on the cutting edge of the clean economy. By working together  we are creating thousands of new jobs  making a difference in the lives of people now and making sure that future generations have a clean environment to live in.” – The Rt Honourable Justin Trudeau  Prime Minister of Canada“Attracting this multi billion-dollar investment will secure Ontario’s place as a North American hub for building the cars and batteries of the future. As we secure game-changing investments  we’re also connecting resources  industries and workers in northern Ontario with the manufacturing might of southern Ontario to build up home-grown supply chains. Every region of Ontario will benefit with thousands of jobs being created and a stronger economy that works for everyone.” – Premier Doug Ford“Stellantis is Windsor’s largest employer and has a rich history in this community. Chrysler began operations in this community in 1925 and has employed generations of Windsor–Essex workers at its facility. With this announcement  we are securing the future for thousands more local workers and securing Windsor’s strategic location as the home of Canada’s electric vehicle future. As the world pivots to EVs  Windsor will soon be home to the battery manufacturing facility that powers it all.” – Mayor of Windsor  Drew DilkensAs part of the Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan  Stellantis announced plans to have global annual battery electric vehicle sales of five million vehicles by 2030  reaching 100% of passenger car BEV sales mix in Europe and 50% passenger car and light-duty truck BEV sales mix in North America. Stellantis also increased planned battery capacity by 140 GWh to approximately 400 GWh  to be supported by five battery manufacturing plants together with additional supply contracts.LG Energy Solution  with this latest announcement  has now solidly secured production capacity of over 200 GWh in North America annually  translating into production of 2.5 million high performance electric vehicles. The battery manufacturer has previously announced plans to invest approximately USD 4.6 billion dollars into battery facilities in North America. Globally  LGES is on course to expand its international production network in multiple continents  including countries such as Canada  U.S.  Poland  Indonesia  China and South Korea.The closing is subject to customary closing conditions  including regulatory approvals.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.About LG Energy SolutionLG Energy Solution (KRX: 373220) is a global leader delivering advanced lithium-ion batteries for Electric Vehicles (EV)  Mobility & IT applications  and Energy Storage Systems (ESS). With 30 years of experience in advanced battery technology  it continues to grow rapidly towards the realization of sustainable life. With its robust global network that spans the US  Europe  Asia  and Australia  LG Energy Solution is more committed than ever to developing innovative technologies that will bring the future energy a step closer. Under its ESG vision ""We CHARGE toward a better future "" LG Energy Solution is doing its utmost to prioritize environment  fulfil social responsibilities and shape sustainable future. For more information  please visit https://www.lgensol.com.Contacts:Sally Seung Yeon LeeGlobal Communications Team / LG Energy Solutionlsyciel@lgensol.com+82 2 3773 6571Ashlee Semin ShinGlobal Communications Team / LG Energy Solutionashin0@lgensol.com+ 82 2 3773 4381Fernão SilveiraGlobal Communications / Stellantisfernao.silveira@stellantis.com+31 6 43 25 43 41Shawn MorganNorth America Communications / Stellantisshawn.morgan@stellantis.com+1 (248) 760-2621FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,positive,0.69,0.28,0.04,True,English,"['First Large Scale Lithium-Ion Battery Production Plant', 'LG Energy Solution', '$5 Billion CAD', 'Joint Venture', 'Stellantis', 'Canada', 'first large scale, domestic, electric vehicle battery manufacturing facility', 'First Large Scale Lithium-Ion Battery Production Plant', 'global annual battery electric vehicle sales', 'The Rt Honourable Justin Trudeau', 'light-duty truck BEV sales mix', 'leading edge lithium-ion battery cells', 'passenger car BEV sales mix', 'joint venture battery manufacturing company', 'five battery manufacturing plants', 'strong battery supply chain', 'broad, local battery ecosystem', 'new battery manufacturing plant', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan', 'green energy value chains', 'electric vehicle batteries', 'electric vehicle future', 'vehicle production requirements', 'home-grown supply chains', 'annual production capacity', 'world leading facility', 'additional supply contracts', 'Joint venture company', 'Plant construction activities', 'LG Energy Solution', 'binding, definitive agreements', 'aggressive electrification roadmap', 'Premier Doug Ford', 'five million vehicles', 'first quarter', 'largest automotive cluster', 'North American leader', 'North American hub', '45 gigawatt hours Plant', 'multi billion-dollar investment', 'STELLANTIS N.V', 'renewable energy resources', 'battery capacity', 'electric vehicles', '50% passenger car', 'manufacturing might', 'Windsor–Essex workers', 'Canada Facility', 'cutting edge', 'leading nations', 'strategic location', 'local workers', 'renewable sources', 'largest employer', 'production operations', '2,500 new jobs', '$5 Billion CAD', 'significant portion', 'surrounding areas', 'Municipal, Provincial', 'Federal levels', 'successful operation', 'other things', 'stepping stone', 'Carlos Tavares', 'critical player', 'Youngsoo Kwon', 'clean economy', 'clean environment', 'Prime Minister', 'game-changing investments', 'stronger economy', 'rich history', 'Drew Dilkens', 'Canadian government', 'latest announcement', 'northern Ontario', 'southern Ontario', 'Stellantis CEO', 'future generations', 'excess', 'LGES', 'modules', 'GWh', 'catalyst', 'establishment', 'region', 'leadership', 'electricity', 'end', 'decade', 'support', 'commitment', 'position', 'communities', 'Partnerships', 'thousands', 'difference', 'lives', 'people', 'place', 'cars', 'industries', 'everyone', 'community', 'Chrysler', 'EVs', 'Mayor', 'plans', 'Europe']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1354,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220323005016/en/One-in-Five-Businesses-Have-Paid-or-Would-Pay-a-Ransom-for-Their-Data-Finds-Thales,One in Five Businesses Have Paid or Would Pay a Ransom for Their Data  Finds Thales,PARIS LA DÉFENSE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--New research from Thales has found that malware  ransomware and phishing continues to plague global organisations. In fact  one in five (21%) have experienced a ransomware attack in the last year; with 43% of those experienc…,PARIS LA DÉFENSE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--New research from Thales has found that malware  ransomware and phishing continues to plague global organisations. In fact  one in five (21%) have experienced a ransomware attack in the last year; with 43% of those experiencing a significant impact on operations.First seen in the late 1980’s  with the PC Cyborg Virus  the frequency and impact of ransomware attacks has now accelerated due to the rise of cryptocurrency as the preferred ransomware payment method. In fact  the 2022 Thales Data Threat Report  conducted by 451 Research  part of S&P Global Market Intelligence  including more than 2 700 IT decision-makers worldwide  found a fifth (22%) of organisations have admitted that they have paid or would pay a ransom for their data. Despite this  41% of respondents said they had no plans to change security spending  even with greater ransomware impacts.Additionally  less than half of respondents (48%) have implemented a formal ransomware plan. Healthcare was the most prepared at 57% with a formal ransomware plan; energy the least at 44%. Despite both sectors experiencing significant breaches over the past twelve months.Data Visibility is a ChallengeAs more companies adopt multicloud strategies and hybrid work remains the norm  IT leaders continue to be challenged by the sprawl of data across their organizations and find it more difficult to locate all of their data. Just over half (56%) of IT leaders were very confident or had complete knowledge of where their data was being stored  down from 64% the previous year1  and only a quarter (25%) stated they were able to classify all their data.Threats & Compliance ChallengesThroughout 2021  security incidents remained high  with almost a third (29%) of businesses experiencing a breach in the past 12 months. Additionally  almost half (43%) of IT Leaders admitted to having failed a compliance audit.Globally  IT leaders ranked malware (56%)  ransomware (53%) and phishing (40%) as the leading source of security attacks. Managing these risks is an ongoing challenge  with almost half (45%) of IT leaders reporting an increase in the volume  severity and/or scope of cyberattacks in the past 12 months.The Cloud is Increasing Complexity & RiskCloud adoption is increasing with more than a third (34%) of respondents saying they used more than 50 Software as a Service (SaaS) apps and 16% used more than 100 apps. However  51% of IT leaders agreed that it is more complex to manage privacy and data protection regulations in a cloud environment than in on-premises networks within their organization  up from 46% last year.The 2022 Data Threat Report also revealed significant momentum amongst businesses to store data in the cloud  with 32% of respondents stating that around halfi of their workloads and data resides in external clouds  and a quarter (23%) reporting more than 60%. However  44% reported that they had experienced a breach or failed an audit in their cloud environments.Additionally  the use of encryption to protect sensitive data is low  with only half of respondents (50%) disclosing that more than 40% of their sensitive data has been encrypted  and a fifth (22%) stating more than 60%. Representing a significant ongoing risk for businesses.Remote Work WorriesAnother full year of remote working demonstrated that navigating security risks is proving a significant challenge for businesses. Worryingly  the majority of businesses (79%) are still concerned about the security risks and threats that posed by remote working. Only half of IT leaders (55%) reported to have implemented multi factor authentication (MFA)  a figure unchanged from the previous year2.Threats on the HorizonHowever  the report also showed that IT leaders have significant diversity of spending technology priorities – suggesting they are serious about tackling complex threat environments. A quarter (26%) stated that broad cloud security toolsets are the greatest future spending priority. Additionally  a similar number of IT leaders (25%) stated they were prioritising key management  with Zero Trust3 an important strategy for 23%.IT leaders are also increasingly aware of the future challenges on the horizon. Looking ahead  when asked to identify security threats from quantum computing  52% said they were concerned with ‘tomorrow’s decryption of today’s data’  a concern that will likely be intensified by the increasing complexity of cloud environments.Sebastien Cano  Senior Vice President for Cloud Protection and Licensing activities at Thales  comments: “As the pandemic continues to affect both our business and personal lives  any expectation of a ‘return’ to pre-pandemic conditions have faded. Whilst teams around the world have continued to face challenges in securing their data  our findings indicate that urgent action is needed by businesses to develop more robust cybersecurity strategies. The attack surface  as well as the asset management challenges  are only set to increase in the coming year  and it is vital that businesses deploy a robust security strategy based on discovery  protection and control.”Thales and 451 Research will discuss the findings in more detail during a webinar on 31 March 2022. To join  please visit the registration page.About the 2022 Thales Global Data Threat ReportThe 2022 Thales Global Data Threat Report was based on a global 451 Research survey  fielded in January 2022  commissioned by Thales of more than 2 700 executives with responsibility for or influence over IT and data security. Respondents were from 17 countries: Australia  Brazil  Canada  France  Germany  Hong Kong  India  Japan  Mexico  Netherlands  New Zealand  Singapore  South Korea  Sweden  the United Arab Emirates  the United Kingdom  and the United States. Organisations represented a range of industries  with a primary emphasis on healthcare  financial services  retail  technology  and federal government. Job titles ranged from C-level executives including CEO  CFO  Chief Data Officer  CISO  Chief Data Scientist  and Chief Risk Officer  to SVP/VP  IT Administrator  Security Analyst  Security Engineer  and Systems Administrator. Respondents represented a broad range of organizational sizes  with the majority ranging from 500 to 10 000 employees.About ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies  investing in digital and “deep tech” innovations – connectivity  big data  artificial intelligence  cybersecurity and quantum technologies – to build a confident future crucial for the development of our societies. The Group provides its customers – businesses  organizations and governments – in the defense  aeronautics  space  transport  and digital identity and security domains with solutions  services and products that help them fulfil their critical role  consideration for the individual being the driving force behind all decisions.Thales has 81 000 employees in 68 countries. In 2021  the Group generated sales of €16.2 billion.PLEASE VISITThales GroupSecurity1 Compared with data from the Thales 2021 Data Threat Report  conducted in January - February 2021.2 Compared with data from the Thales 2021 Data Threat Report  conducted in January - February 2021.3 Zero Trust is a strategic approach to cybersecurity that secures an organization by eliminating implicit trust and continuously validating every stage of a digital interaction.i Respondents selected between 41-60% of their workloads and data resides in external clouds,negative,0.02,0.35,0.63,mixed,0.04,0.21,0.76,True,English,"['Five Businesses', 'Ransom', 'Data', 'Thales', 'S&P Global Market Intelligence', 'PARIS LA DÉFENSE', 'preferred ransomware payment method', 'greatest future spending priority', 'broad cloud security toolsets', '2022 Thales Data Threat Report', 'PC Cyborg Virus', 'multi factor authentication', 'spending technology priorities', 'Senior Vice President', 'complex threat environments', 'robust cybersecurity strategies', 'greater ransomware impacts', 'formal ransomware plan', 'robust security st', 'Remote Work Worries', 'past twelve months', '2022 Data Threat Report', 'asset management challenges', 'data protection regulations', 'significant ongoing risk', 'security spending', 'global organisations', 'future challenges', 'past 12 months', 'Cloud Protection', 'multicloud strategies', 'hybrid work', 'key management', 'cloud environments', 'ransomware attack', 'security incidents', 'security attacks', 'remote working', 'ongoing challenge', 'significant breaches', 'significant momentum', 'significant diversity', 'Cloud adoption', 'security risks', 'last year', '2,700 IT decision-makers', 'IT leaders', 'complete knowledge', 'previous year', 'Compliance Challenges', 'leading source', 'Increasing Complexity', 'premises networks', 'external clouds', 'full year', 'similar number', 'Zero Trust3', 'important strategy', 'quantum computing', 'Sebastien Cano', 'Licensing activities', 'personal lives', 'urgent action', 'attack surface', 'coming year', 'significant challenge', 'Data Visibility', 'a quarter', 'sensitive data', 'significant impact', 'The Cloud', 'security threats', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'New research', 'compliance audit', 'a third', 'SaaS) apps', 'pandemic conditions', '451 Research', '100 apps', 'malware', 'phishing', 'operations', 'late 1980', 'frequency', 'rise', 'cryptocurrency', 'part', 'fifth', 'respondents', 'plans', 'less', 'half', 'Healthcare', 'energy', 'sectors', 'companies', 'norm', 'sprawl', 'organizations', 'businesses', 'increase', 'volume', 'severity', 'scope', 'cyberattacks', '50 Software', 'Service', 'privacy', 'workloads', 'use', 'encryption', 'majority', 'MFA', 'figure', 'Horizon', 'tomorrow', 'decryption', 'today', 'concern', 'expectation', 'return', 'teams', 'world', 'findings', '44', '2021']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,businesswire.com
1355,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aegon-completes-sale-hungarian-businesses-103000121.html,Aegon completes sale of Hungarian businesses and announces debt tender offer and share buyback,The Hague  March 23  2022 - Aegon announces today that it has completed the divestment of its Hungarian businesses to Vienna Insurance Group AG Wiener...,Aegon N.V.The Hague  March 23  2022 - Aegon announces today that it has completed the divestment of its Hungarian businesses to Vienna Insurance Group AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe (VIG). The gross proceeds of the transaction amount to EUR 620 million. This completion is an important step towards the full closing of the sale of Aegon’s insurance  pension  and asset management businesses in Central and Eastern Europe to VIG for EUR 830 million  as announced in November 2020. The sales of Aegon’s businesses in Poland  Romania and Turkey are expected to be completed in the course of 2022  subject to required local regulatory approvals.“Today’s announcement marks an important step in the transformation of Aegon as we narrow our strategic focus to select core and growth markets  and further strengthen our balance sheet”  said Lard Friese  CEO Aegon. “I would like to sincerely thank our employees in Hungary for their significant contribution to Aegon over the years.”The closing of the sale of the Hungarian businesses will result in a significant increase of Aegon’s Cash Capital at the Holding – which amounted to EUR 1.3 billion at the end of 2021 – and brings it above the stated operating range of EUR 0.5 billion to EUR 1.5 billion. This provides Aegon with the financial flexibility to announce today a reduction of its debt through a EUR 375 million tender offer  as well as the intention to return surplus cash capital to its shareholders via a EUR 300 million share buyback  barring unforeseen circumstances. These actions are in line with the ambitions stated at the Capital Markets Day in December 2020.“I am very pleased that by further reducing our debt  we are able to deliver on our deleveraging goal well ahead of our 2023 target date”  Lard Friese added. “Today’s announced share buyback also underscores our intention to return surplus cash capital to shareholders.”Debt tender offer and share buybackThe debt repayment will be executed through a EUR 375 million tender offer for six subordinated bonds. Details of the debt tender offer will be disclosed via a separate press release today. After completion of the tender offer  Aegon will have reduced its gross financial leverage to the range of EUR 5.0 billion to EUR 5.5 billion  a target that was set to be accomplished by 2023.Story continuesAdditionally  Aegon intends to return EUR 300 million of surplus cash capital to shareholders via a share buyback in the course of 2022. The share buyback will be executed in three tranches of EUR 100 million each  with each tranche conditional on maintaining the capital positions of Aegon's main units in line with its stated ambitions  and the Cash Capital at the Holding being above the middle of the operating range.The EUR 300 million share buyback program will commence on April 1  2022 and is expected to be completed on or before December 15  2022. The first tranche of EUR 100 million is expected to be completed on or before June 30  2022. For each tranche Aegon will engage a third party to execute the buyback transactions on its behalf. The common shares will be repurchased at a maximum of the average of the daily volume-weighted average prices during the repurchase period  and will subsequently be proposed to be cancelled at Aegon’s 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders.Following the divestment of Aegon’s businesses in Hungary  Aegon’s IFRS equity will increase by approximately EUR 400 million in the first quarter of 2022  of which approximately EUR 375 million will be recognized as a book gain  based on the balance sheet position on December 31  2021. The combination of the completion of the sale of Aegon’s Hungarian businesses  the repayment of the debt and the share buyback will not have a material impact on the Group Solvency II ratio.About AegonAegon is an integrated  diversified  international financial services group. The company offers investment  protection  and retirement solutions  with a strategic focus on three core markets (the United States  the United Kingdom  and the Netherlands)  three growth markets (Spain & Portugal  Brazil  and China)  and one global asset manager. Aegon's purpose of Helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a leading global investor and employer  the company seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues  with a focus on climate change and inclusion & diversity. Aegon is headquartered in The Hague  the Netherlands  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com.Contacts Media relations Investor relations Dick Schiethart Jan Willem Weidema+31(0) 70 344 8821 +31(0) 70 344 8028 dick.schiethart@aegon.com janwillem.weidema@aegon.comForward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:Unexpected delays  difficulties  and expenses in executing against our environmental  climate  diversity and inclusion or other “ESG” targets  goals and commitments  and changes in laws or regulations affecting us  such as changes in data privacy  environmental  safety and health laws;Changes in general economic and/or governmental conditions  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Civil unrest  (geo-) political tensions  military action or other instability in a country or geographic region;Changes in the performance of financial markets  including emerging markets  such as with regard to: The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in Aegon’s fixed income investment portfolios; The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities Aegon holds; The effects of declining creditworthiness of certain public sector securities and the resulting decline in the value of government exposure that Aegon holds;Changes in the performance of Aegon’s investment portfolio and decline in ratings of Aegon’s counterparties;Lowering of one or more of Aegon’s debt ratings issued by recognized rating organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on Aegon’s ability to raise capital and on its liquidity and financial condition;Lowering of one or more of insurer financial strength ratings of Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the written premium  policy retention  profitability and liquidity of its insurance subsidiaries;The effect of the European Union’s Solvency II requirements and other regulations in other jurisdictions affecting the capital Aegon is required to maintain;Changes affecting interest rate levels and continuing low or rapidly changing interest rate levels;Changes affecting currency exchange rates  in particular the EUR/USD and EUR/GBP exchange rates;Changes in the availability of  and costs associated with  liquidity sources such as bank and capital markets funding  as well as conditions in the credit markets in general such as changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness;Increasing levels of competition in the United States  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and emerging markets;Catastrophic events  either manmade or by nature  including by way of example acts of God  acts of terrorism  acts of war and pandemics  could result in material losses and significantly interrupt Aegon’s business;The frequency and severity of insured loss events;Changes affecting longevity  mortality  morbidity  persistence and other factors that may impact the profitability of Aegon’s insurance products;Aegon’s projected results are highly sensitive to complex mathematical models of financial markets  mortality  longevity  and other dynamic systems subject to shocks and unpredictable volatility. Should assumptions to these models later prove incorrect  or should errors in those models escape the controls in place to detect them  future performance will vary from projected results;Reinsurers to whom Aegon has ceded significant underwriting risks may fail to meet their obligations;Changes in customer behavior and public opinion in general related to  among other things  the type of products Aegon sells  including legal  regulatory or commercial necessity to meet changing customer expectations;Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution channels;As Aegon’s operations support complex transactions and are highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology  operational risks such as system disruptions or failures  security or data privacy breaches  cyberattacks  human error  failure to safeguard personally identifiable information  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including with respect to third parties with which we do business may disrupt Aegon’s business  damage its reputation and adversely affect its results of operations  financial condition and cash flows;The impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  product withdrawals and other unusual items  including Aegon’s ability to integrate acquisitions and to obtain the anticipated results and synergies from acquisitions;Aegon’s failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational efficiencies  as well as other management initiatives related to cost savings  Cash Capital at Holding  gross financial leverage and free cash flow;Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments;Litigation or regulatory action that could require Aegon to pay significant damages or change the way Aegon does business;Competitive  legal  regulatory  or tax changes that affect profitability  the distribution cost of or demand for Aegon’s products;Consequences of an actual or potential break-up of the European monetary union in whole or in part  or the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union and potential consequences if other European Union countries leave the European Union;Changes in laws and regulations  particularly those affecting Aegon’s operations’ ability to hire and retain key personnel  taxation of Aegon companies  the products Aegon sells  and the attractiveness of certain products to its consumers;Regulatory changes relating to the pensions  investment  and insurance industries in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates;Standard setting initiatives of supranational standard setting bodies such as the Financial Stability Board and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors or changes to such standards that may have an impact on regional (such as EU)  national or US federal or state level financial regulation or the application thereof to Aegon  including the designation of Aegon by the Financial Stability Board as a Global Systemically Important Insurer (G-SII); andChanges in accounting regulations and policies or a change by Aegon in applying such regulations and policies  voluntarily or otherwise  which may affect Aegon’s reported results  shareholders’ equity or regulatory capital adequacy levels.This document contains information that qualifies  or may qualify  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014). Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are described in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.87,0.09,mixed,0.46,0.3,0.24,True,English,"['debt tender offer', 'Hungarian businesses', 'share buyback', 'Aegon', 'sale', 'Vienna Insurance Group AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe', 'US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'integrated, diversified, international financial services group', 'Group Solvency II ratio', 'EUR 300 million share buyback program', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'one global asset manager', 'daily volume-weighted average prices', 'EUR 375 million tender offer', 'Investor relations Dick Schiethart', 'leading global investor', 'gross financial leverage', 'local regulatory approvals', 'six subordinated bonds', 'separate press release', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Jan Willem Weidema', 'asset management businesses', 'Debt tender offer', 'Capital Markets Day', 'balance sheet position', 'three growth markets', 'surplus cash capital', 'three core markets', 'Aegon N.V.', 'financial flexibility', 'Media relations', 'three tranches', 'buyback transactions', 'gross proceeds', 'capital positions', 'The Hague', 'important step', 'Eastern Europe', 'Lard Friese', 'significant contribution', 'significant increase', 'unforeseen circumstances', 'deleveraging goal', 'main units', 'third party', 'common shares', 'repurchase period', 'IFRS equity', 'first quarter', 'book gain', 'material impact', 'retirement solutions', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'best lives', 'positive impact', 'critical environmental', 'societal issues', 'climate change', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'More information', 'historical facts', 'Hungarian businesses', 'Forward-looking statements', 'strategic focus', 'operating range', 'full closing', '2023 target date', 'debt repayment', 'first tranche', 'CEO Aegon', 'divestment', 'VIG', 'completion', 'sale', 'pension', 'Central', 'November', 'Poland', 'Romania', 'Turkey', 'course', 'Today', 'announcement', 'transformation', 'employees', 'Hungary', 'years', 'Holding', 'reduction', 'intention', 'shareholders', 'line', 'ambitions', 'December', 'Details', 'Story', 'middle', 'April', 'June', 'behalf', 'maximum', 'combination', 'company', 'protection', 'Netherlands', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'Brazil', 'China', 'purpose', 'people', 'activities', 'employer', 'inclusion', 'diversity', 'Contacts', 'document', 'words', '2022', '2021']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1356,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4109574.html,Hines and Accor Announce Plans For a Hotel in The Unione 0 Area of Milanosesto,MILAN – Hines  the global real estate firm  and Accor  a world leader in the hospitality sector  announce plans for a hotel at MilanoSesto via an agreement with the “Unione 0” real estate fund. The “Unione 0” real estate fund  managed by Prelios SGR...,MILAN – Hines  the global real estate firm  and Accor  a world leader in the hospitality sector  announce plans for a hotel at MilanoSesto via an agreement with the “Unione 0” real estate fund.The “Unione 0” real estate fund  managed by Prelios SGR and ultimately invested in by Hines and Cale Street  has entered into a binding agreement with Accor for a hotel to be developed on the Unione 0 private lot at MilanoSesto  on a 25-year lease  via the hotel group's partner  Amapa. Hines is also a strategic advisor and development manager of the entire MilanoSesto 13-year project. Prelios  meanwhile  acts as manager of the “Unione 0” real estate fund and asset and project manager of the overall initiative.Currently  construction continues on the Unione 0 private lot section at MilanoSesto  which spans 250 000 square metres  bordering the former Falck area railway station. Excavation work for the hotel will start in August 2022 with construction set to begin on the buildings by the end of 2022. The buildings include the hotel (301 rooms)  office space covering c. 48 000 square metres  student accommodation catering for approximately 700 people  affordable housing units (285 apartments) and free-market residential units (480 apartments). The area will also feature an initial 13-hectare section of the 45-hectare park  designed by international architecture firm LAND.The hotel will have 301 rooms that will operate under two Accor Group brands: 204 rooms will be managed by Novotel and offer facilities like short-stay  rental accommodations  while a total of 97 serviced apartments will be managed by Adagio and used as medium-long stay accommodation. The hotel will span 19 floors covering approximately 16 000 square metres and will maintain the highest environmental  sustainability and energy efficiency standards  with the aim of achieving LEED Gold certification.The hotel  designed by international architecture and design firm Antonio Citterio Patricia Viel (ACPV)  will stand alongside the new Sesto San Giovanni station  designed by Renzo Piano Building Workshop together with Ottavio Di Blasi & Partners  located near the future City of Health and Research (Città della Salute e della Ricerca - CdSR)  a public clinical research and training healthcare complex  entirely funded by the Italian state and the Lombardy Region. It will also become home to the National Cancer Institute and the “Carlo Besta” Neurological Institute  with both centres of excellence expected to receive approximately 4 000 visitors each day.The signing of this agreement is scheduled for early 2026 and is a testament to Hines’ ability to partner with major companies for the projects it manages and develops. Such projects are characterised by a long-term approach and ESG vision with a focus on economic viability to ensure their success.“Working with an operator like Accor who is known for its great vision in the hospitality and accommodation sector is gratifying for us because we are fully confident that they can make the most of the opportunities that MilanoSesto will bring to the area. At Hines  we are committed to the regeneration of a long-neglected part of Milan with the goal of breathing new life into the former Falck area to provide new ways for existing businesses and communities to attract new residents  office workers  students and visitors while focusing on ESG initiatives ” declared Mario Abbadessa  senior managing director & country head at Hines Italy.“Hines' vision complements our sustainable hospitality approach and respect of the history of the area. We would like to thank our long-term partner Amapa  who we will collaborate with to manage the two facilities  in addition to the nine properties already managed together in Italy ” commented Jerome Lassara  VP development southern Europe at Accor.Consultancy legal services were provided to the “Unione 0” real estate fund by Gianni&Origoni-GOP  HVS Global Hospitality Services acted on matters relating to the feasibility study and identifying and selecting the operator  and Geller Capital Partners on commercial consultancy matters.Hines is also a strategic advisor and development manager of the entire MilanoSesto 13-year project. Prelios  meanwhile  acts as manager of the “Unione 0” real estate fund and asset and project manager of the overall initiative.About MilanoSestoMilanoSesto  the largest urban regeneration project in Italy and one of the most ambitious in Europe  will transform an area of more than 1.5 million square meters  where the Falck Steelworks of Sesto San Giovanni once stood  into an efficient  sustainable and inclusive urban center. The masterplan designed by international architecture studio Foster + Partners foresees progressive development over the next few years with landscaping  residential areas  new squares  retail and office spaces and  above all  places designed to connect people. Located in a strategic position north-east of Milan  the area is well connected to the surrounding communities thanks to the new Sesto San Giovanni railway station (which work started in July 2021 and will take two years to complete)  the subway station and the major trunk roads providing rapid access to the city center  the tollways and the rest of Lombardy.The development project comprises a unique mix of functions  including innovative housing based on accessibility criteria  special services for the individual and an intergenerational scheme of student housing  multifamily residences for professionals and young families  and senior housing. The area will also include a 45-hectare park  an extensive green “lung” for the entire Milanese metropolitan area  integrated with the historic industrial buildings.As a result  MilanoSesto will be a new urban center able to accommodate more than 50 000 residents  city users and visitors on a daily basis. It will also be the site of the Health & Research District  a major public complex of clinical and scientific excellence comprising the new sites of the Besta neurological institute and the National Tumor Institute  as well as the new university campus and hospital under the name Università Vita - Salute San Raffaele.Hines Italy is the strategic advisor and development manager for the whole project  as well as Hines being one of the investors for the development of the first private lot Unione 0. Prelios Group is asset & project manager of MilanoSesto  as well as is acting as asset manager for Unione 0.Visit www.milanosesto.it for more information.@MilanoSestoOfficial@milanosesto_officialAbout Prelios GroupPrelios is one of the largest groups in alternative asset management  credit servicing and integrated real estate services in Italy and Europe  with a total of more than 40 billion euro of assets under management. It is an independent platform with a track record spanning more than thirty years. Prelios’ unique services offer for Real Estate covers all the needs of Italian and international banks  institutional investors  investment funds and private clients  over the entire sector life cycle: management of NPEs  NPLs and UTPs  asset management  investment management  due diligence  real estate advisory  valuations for properties and real estate portfolios  building and project management  property management  real estate brokerage  management of real estate investment funds.Visit www.prelios.com for more information.About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of more than 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry’s most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor’s unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and approximately 260 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company’s comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.About HinesHines is a privately owned global real estate investment firm founded in 1957 with a presence in 285 cities in 28 countries. Hines oversees investment assets under management totaling approximately $90.3 billion¹. In addition  Hines provides third-party property-level services to 373 properties totaling 114.2 million square feet. Historically  Hines has developed  redeveloped or acquired approximately 1 530 properties  totaling over 511 million square feet. The firm currently has more than 198 developments underway around the world. With extensive experience in investments across the risk spectrum and all property types  and a foundational commitment to ESG  Hines is one of the largest and most-respected real estate organizations in the world.Since entering Europe in 1991  Hines has grown its European platform to include offices in 17 cities as well as a presence in 60 cities in 14 countries. Hines oversees investment assets under management valued at approximately €24.5 billion and provides third-party property-level services totaling 4.3 million square meters in Europe  in Austria  Czech Republic  Denmark  Finland  France  Germany  Greece  Ireland  Italy  Netherlands  Poland  Spain and the United Kingdom.Visit www.hines.com for more information.¹ Includes both the global Hines organization as well as RIA AUM as of December 31  2021.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.74,0.24,0.02,True,English,"['The Unione 0 Area', 'Hines', 'Accor', 'Plans', 'Hotel', 'Milanosesto', 'new Sesto San Giovanni railway station', 'new Sesto San Giovanni station', 'former Falck area railway station', 'Antonio Citterio Patricia Viel', 'Renzo Piano Building Workshop', 'Unione 0” real estate fund', 'Carlo Besta” Neurological Institute', 'global real estate firm', 'Unione 0 private lot section', 'HVS Global Hospitality Services', 'international architecture firm LAND', 'largest urban regeneration project', 'entire MilanoSesto 13-year project', 'two Accor Group brands', 'initial 13-hectare section', 'National Cancer Institute', 'Consultancy legal services', 'inclusive urban center', 'affordable housing units', 'short-stay, rental accommodations', 'highest environmental, sustainability', 'energy efficiency standards', 'LEED Gold certification', 'Ottavio Di Blasi', 'Città della Salute', 'training healthcare complex', 'senior managing director', 'international architecture studio', 'free-market residential units', 'medium-long stay accommodation', 'Geller Capital Partners', 'Foster + Partners', '1.5 million square meters', 'public clinical research', 'commercial consultancy matters', 'sustainable hospitality approach', 'design firm', 'Falck Steelworks', 'new life', 'new ways', 'new residents', 'new squares', 'project manager', 'hospitality sector', 'long-term approach', 'two facilities', 'efficient, sustainable', 'residential areas', 'student accommodation', 'accommodation sector', '250,000 square metres', '48,000 square metres', '16,000 square metres', 'hotel group', 'world leader', 'Cale Street', '25-year lease', 'strategic advisor', 'overall initiative', 'office space', '45-hectare park', 'future City', 'Italian state', 'Lombardy Region', 'major companies', 'ESG vision', 'economic viability', 'great vision', 'existing businesses', 'office workers', 'ESG initiatives', 'Mario Abbadessa', 'country head', 'nine properties', 'Jerome Lassara', 'VP development', 'Gianni&Origoni-GOP', 'feasibility study', 'progressive development', 'strategic position', 'development manager', 'Excavation work', 'Such projects', 'long-term partner', 'southern Europe', 'surrounding communities', 'Prelios SGR', 'binding agreement', '97 serviced apartments', ""Hines' vision"", 'Hines Italy', '85 apartments', '80 apartments', 'plans', 'Amapa', 'asset', 'construction', 'August', 'buildings', 'end', 'c.', '700 people', '301 rooms', '204 rooms', 'Novotel', 'total', 'Adagio', '19 floors', 'aim', 'ACPV', 'Ricerca', 'CdSR', 'centres', 'excellence', '4,000 visitors', 'signing', 'testament', 'focus', 'success', 'operator', 'opportunities', 'goal', 'students', 'respect', 'history', 'addition', 'masterplan', 'next', 'years', 'landscaping', 'retail', 'places']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,hospitalitynet.org
1357,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/2020-preliminary-results-070000438.html,2020 Preliminary Results,Kenmare Resources plc (“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”) 23 March 2022 2021 PRELIMINARY RESULTS Kenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR)  one of the...,"Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc(“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”)23 March 20222021 PRELIMINARY RESULTSKenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR)  one of the leading global producers of titanium minerals and zircon  which operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine (the ""Mine"" or ""Moma"") in northern Mozambique  today announces its preliminary results for the twelve months to 31 December 2021.Statement from Michael Carvill  Managing Director:“2021 was a record year for Kenmare on all fronts. Our financial results were driven by record production volumes and higher average prices received for our products  with revenues up 87% and EBITDA up 182%. Following our lowest ever Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate in 2021  we have continued to achieve new safety milestones  passing eight million hours without a Lost Time Injury in early March 2022. Production in Q1 2022 has been impacted by poor weather conditions but we remain on track to achieve our 2022 guidance.We are pleased to be publishing our first Climate Strategy Report in the coming weeks  along with our second Sustainability Report. In addition to setting a short-term carbon reduction target  the Board has also approved our ambition to be Net Zero by 2040.The positive momentum we saw in all our product markets in 2021 has continued into 2022. Global demand for ilmenite  our primary product  continues to exceed supply and our production volumes are being well received by the market.In light of this continuing market strength and our record performance  the Board is recommending a 2021 dividend of USc32.71 per share  up from USc10.00 per share in 2020. This is in line with our 2021 dividend target payout of 25% of profit after tax and follows the $81.6 million share buy-back we completed in December as part of our strategy to deliver compelling shareholder returns.”2021 overviewFinancialRecommended 2021 dividend of $32.1 million or USc32.71 per share (2020: USc10.00)  up 227% on 2020  comprising an interim dividend of USc7.29 per share (paid in October 2021) and a final dividend of USc25.42 per share (expected to be paid in June 2022)87% increase in revenue to $455.9 million in 2021 (2020: $243.7 million)  driven by record shipments and a 21% increase in the average price received for Kenmare’s products20% increase in total cash operating costs to $189.7 million (2020: $158.0 million) as a result of a 46% increase in finished product production  plus increased costs relating to repairs and maintenance  Heavy Mineral Concentrate (“HMC”) haulage from the Pilivili operations  and COVID-19 management18% decrease in cash operating costs per tonne to $154 per tonne (2020: $188 per tonne)  benefitting from increased product volumes. 26% decrease in net ilmenite unit costs to $93 per tonne (2020: $125 per tonne)  due to increased ilmenite production and higher co-product revenues182% increase in EBITDA to $216.1 million (2020: $76.7 million)  due to increased production  stronger product pricing and lower unit costs  representing a 51% EBITDA margin (2020: 33%)669% increase in profit after tax to $128.5 million (2020: $16.7 million) due to higher EBITDA  partially offset by increased depreciation chargesNet debt position of $82.8 million at year-end 2021  compared to $64.0 million at year-end 2020  following the completion of the $81.6 million share buy-backStory continuesOperationalRecord annual HMC production of 1 555 900 tonnes  representing a 30% increase compared to 2020 (1 201 100 tonnes)  benefitting from increased tonnes mined and higher ore grades48% increase in ilmenite production to 1 119 400 tonnes (2020: 756 000 tonnes) benefitting from increased HMC processed51% increase in shipments of finished products to 1 285 300 tonnes (2020: 853 100 tonnes)  reflecting increased production and benefitting from improved transshipment capacityCommissioning commenced of Rotary Uninterruptible Power Supply (“RUPS”)  which is expected to deliver benefits in terms of power stability  operating cost reductions  and lower carbon emissions through reduced usage of diesel generatorsKenmare is on track to achieve 2022 guidance  although production in Q1 2022 is expected to be below the anticipated annual run rate due to poor weather conditions during the quarterDividend timetableThe Company confirms the dates for the 2021 final dividend are as follows:Ex-dividend date 28 April 2022 Record date 29 April 2022 Currency election date 4 May 2022 at noon AGM date for shareholder approval 26 May 2022 Payment date 1 June 2022Irish Dividend Withholding Tax (25%) must be deducted from dividends paid by the Company  unless a shareholder is entitled to an exemption and has submitted a properly completed exemption form to the Company’s Registrar.Analyst and investor briefing and conference callKenmare will host a briefing and a conference call for analysts  institutional investors  and media today at 9:00am UK time. The briefing will be held at the Royal Institution of Great Britain  21 Albemarle Street  London  W1S 4BS  UK and participant dial-in numbers for the conference call are as follows (a pin code is not required to access the call):UK: +442086103526 Ireland: +35315822030 US +12407892714The webcast will be available at www.kenmareresources.com and playback of the webcast will be available at: www.kenmareresources.com/investors/reports-and-presentations.Private investor webinarThere will also be a separate webinar for private investors today at 12:30 UK time. To access the webcast  please register in advance by clicking here.For further information  please contact:Kenmare Resources plcJeremy Dibb / Katharine SuttonInvestor Relationsir@kenmareresources.comTel: +353 1 671 0411Mob: +353 87 943 0367 / +353 87 663 0875Murray Group (PR advisor)Doug Keatingedkeatinge@murraygroup.ieTel: +353 1 498 0300Mob: +353 86 037 4163About Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc is one of the world’s largest producers of mineral sands products. Listed on the London Stock Exchange and the Euronext Dublin  Kenmare operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Moma’s production accounts for approximately 8% of global titanium feedstocks and the Group supplies to customers in more than 15 countries. Kenmare produces raw materials that are ultimately consumed in everyday “quality-of life” items such as paints  plastics and ceramic tiles.All monetary amounts refer to United States dollars unless otherwise indicated.Forward Looking StatementsThis announcement contains some forward-looking statements that represent Kenmare's expectations for its business  based on current expectations about future events  which by their nature involve risks and uncertainties. Kenmare believes that its expectations and assumptions with respect to these forward-looking statements are reasonable. However  because they involve risk and uncertainty  which are in some cases beyond Kenmare's control  actual results or performance may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information.CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENTDear shareholders 2021 was the first full year of operations at the high grade Pilivili ore zone  in addition to our original Namalope area. Significant increases in production and shipments were achieved  while our product markets exhibited strong demand throughout the year. As a result  revenue increased by 87% to $455.9 million  and profit after tax by 669% to $128.5 million  vindicating our strategy of investing in additional production capacity in anticipation of a tight market.As we began 2021  while we had largely completed the last of our three growth projects  operational effectiveness continued to be impacted by COVID-19. Our vaccination  testing  and quarantine protocols mitigated the worst effects of the virus  however  and we also achieved a truly outstanding safety performance. Nevertheless  we remain vigilant as the pandemic continues to evolve. The health and safety of our colleagues and host communities remain our highest priorities.Shareholder returnsKenmare committed to increase shareholder returns after the completion of the major capital projects executed during 2018-2020. Accordingly  we have recommended a dividend payout of 25% of profit after tax for 2021  higher than the 20% minimum policy. Subject to shareholder approval  our 2021 full year dividend will be USc32.71  an increase of 227% compared to 2020.Despite robust operational and financial performance  our share price during 2021 did not fully reflect Kenmare’s intrinsic value  and the Board concluded that a share buy-back was therefore a prudent use of capital. A share buy-back was completed in December 2021  returning $81.6 million to eligible shareholders while reducing the number of shares in issue by 13.5%.I am pleased that Kenmare has been able to return almost $100 million in aggregate to shareholders during 2021  through dividends and the share buy-back  whilst also maintaining a robust balance sheet.At the 2022 Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) Kenmare will ask shareholders to approve resolutions to implement an Odd-lot Offer at some point during the next 18 months. This will enable the Company to purchase  at a 5% premium  the shares held by eligible certificated shareholders who hold fewer than 200 shares in the Company. This will help small shareholders who would otherwise have difficulty selling their holdings due to disproportionate trading costs. Further details of the Odd-lot Offer scheme will be included in the Notice of AGM to be distributed to shareholders in due course.Outlook and strategyIn 2021 we benefitted from strong product markets for all our products and this positive momentum has continued into 2022. Our increased production has been well absorbed by our markets and demand for Kenmare ilmenite remains strong. However  the tragic conflict in Ukraine has created significant uncertainties in global trade routes and the wider economy. It is too soon to speculate on the overall effects on our business  but Ukraine is a significant supplier of titanium feedstocks  while lower global growth could reduce demand for our products.In 2025  Wet Concentrator Plant (“WCP”) A will move to the Nataka ore zone. Field tests of mining methods and planning studies are making good progress and a Pre-Feasibility Study for the move is expected to be completed later in 2022. This will include details of the mining method  relocation  provision of water and power  an HMC pumping system  and plans for tailings disposal.Our overall strategy is to operate responsibly to deliver long-life low-cost production  allocating capital efficiently  including towards developing accretive growth opportunities. The Kenmare team is committed to achieving these strategic goals  while also becoming a first quartile producer on the industry revenue to cost curve. Achievement of these long-term strategic goals will support further increases in free cash flow and higher dividends  as well as improving resilience in case of potential cyclical commodity market downturns.SustainabilityKenmare has always placed sustainability at the heart of its business practices  working responsibly to achieve ambitious environment  social  and governance goals. In 2021  we published our inaugural Sustainability Report  which set out guiding principles  together with some examples of our approach to responsible environmental management  and constructive community and other stakeholder relations. We will publish our second Sustainability Report in the coming weeks  including commentary on our performance against public sustainability targets for the first time.The Board has ratified an inaugural Climate Policy and we will shortly publish our first Climate Strategy Report  aligned with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”).During 2021 we launched a Portuguese version of our corporate website to ensure all information is easily accessible for Mozambicans. For the second consecutive year  we were pleased to be named as the most transparent extractive industry company in Mozambique by the Centre for Public Integrity’s Extractive Industry Transparency Index.Board developmentIn 2021  an external performance evaluation of the Board and all of its Committees was conducted by Board Excellence  in accordance with the provisions of the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code. I am pleased to report that the evaluation concluded that Kenmare’s Board operates efficiently  “with a deep commitment to do the right thing and excel on behalf of shareholders  employees and stakeholders.” A summary of outcomes and actions from the evaluation will be published in our 2021 Annual Report.A number of important changes in the composition of the Board took place during the year  and further changes will occur in 2022 when I plan to retire  after nine years on Kenmare’s Board  almost eight of them as Chairman.Gabriel Smith  Tim Keating  and Peter Bacchus stepped down and I would like to thank them sincerely for their important contributions to Kenmare’s success in recent years. Graham Martin has assumed the role of Senior Independent Director following Peter’s departure.In March 2021  we were pleased to welcome Sameer Oundhakar to replace Tim as the representative Director of our largest shareholder  African Acquisition S.à.r.l.  an investment vehicle owned by the Oman Investment Authority.In October 2021  we announced that Mette Dobel had agreed to join the Board as an independent Non-Executive Director effective 1 January 2022. Her significant leadership experience both as a senior executive and director of FLSmidth A/S  at the cutting edge of mining technology and automation  will be invaluable as we strive to achieve further operational efficiencies and build a positive social and environmental legacy.In December 2021  Andrew Webb joined the Board as an independent Non-Executive Director and Chair Designate. Andrew brings extensive natural resources and financial advisory experience  having previously served as a Managing Director at Rothschild & Co in the Global Advisory team  where he worked for 25 years. I have enjoyed working with him through the transition period and am confident that Andrew’s skills and enormous mining industry and finance experience position him well to play a key role in driving the future success of the business.I plan to step down following the 2022 AGM and Andrew will become Chairman. I look forward with confidence to Andrew and the rest of the Board taking Kenmare to even higher levels of achievement in future yearsAfter these changes  the composition of the Board will provide a strong and diverse mix of talents  skills and experience  well suited to the business and challenges ahead  while achieving our gender diversity target with female Directors representing one third of the Board.AcknowledgementsI would like to end my final statement as Chairman by thanking all of Kenmare’s key stakeholders for their support and commitment to the Company and the Board  not only during the unprecedented challenges we have all experienced during the past two years of COVID-19 disruption  but also throughout my nine-year tenure. I look back on the Company’s achievements with a sense of pride and I am pleased to be leaving Kenmare in the strongest position in its history.It has been a privilege to work with my fellow Board members  and particularly Michael Carvill who founded the company and has led it selflessly and courageously for more than 20 years. Kenmare has an outstanding management team and a remarkable workforce. I feel privileged to have worked with such a talented group and I will follow the Company’s continued progress with keen interest.With capacity to deliver 1.2 million tonnes per annum (“Mtpa”) of ilmenite on a sustainable basis  buoyant product markets  and a first class team  I am confident that Kenmare will continue to generate value for all stakeholders in 2022 and beyond.Steven McTiernanChairmanMANAGING DIRECTOR’S STATEMENTKenmare delivered a record year for safety  production  and shipments in 2021. The Company demonstrated its resilience and agility  protecting our employees and host communities against a second year of heightened risk due to COVID-19. I would like to thank all our team for their hard work and dedication  particularly during H1 2021 when we faced huge challenges as a result of the virus.Our record operational performance in 2021 was supported by strong market conditions for all our products. We increased production of ilmenite  our main product  by almost 50% compared to 2020 and this was well received by the product market  with quarter-on-quarter price increases. This enabled us to generate EBITDA of $216.1 million  up 182% on 2020  and gave us the confidence to return almost $100 million to shareholders during the year  increasing our 2021 dividend payout to 25% of profit after tax  above the 20% minimum policy  and completing a share buy-back of 13.5% of our issued share capital.We are targeting production of 1.2 Mtpa of ilmenite  plus co-products  on a sustainable basis and reduced unit costs. We remain focused on delivering strong free cash flow and shareholder returns  while continuing to raise the standards to which we hold ourselves in terms of environment  social  and governance performance. We believe we are achieving our purpose of responsibly meeting global demand for quality-of-life minerals.SafetyIt is testimony to our strong safety culture that Kenmare reported its best ever safety performance in 2021. This achievement is particularly significant given the additional pressure put on our mining operations by COVID-19  which had the potential to increase safety risks.We delivered our lowest ever Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate of 0.03 per 200 000 hours worked for the 12 months to 31 December 2021  which also represented more than six million hours worked without a Lost Time Injury (“LTI”) and an 88% reduction compared to 2020. Our Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (“TRIFR”) relative to the 2020 International Council on Mining and Metals TRIFR was in the top quintile. On 6 January 2022 we achieved one year without a LTI and we are working hard to maintain this record performance. We also retained our five-star NOSA safety accreditation for the sixth consecutive year.SustainabilityOur commitment to working responsibly is enshrined in Kenmare’s purpose and we are particularly focused on protecting our employees and our host communities in Mozambique. In mid-2021 we began vaccinating our workforce against COVID-19 and by the end of the year  96% had been double vaccinated. We also donated 12 000 vaccines to local communities.Through the Kenmare Moma Development Association (“KMAD”)  we completed the construction of a new health centre for the communities living near our Pilivili operations and constructed seven school blocks in the Namalope and Pilivili areas. By the end of the year  over 1 000 farmers were registered in our Conservation Agriculture programme to improve crop yields and 75 small businesses were benefitting from KMAD support.We recognise the role and responsibility all businesses must take in reducing global greenhouse gas emissions and as such  in December 2021  the Board approved Kenmare’s Climate Policy. We will publish our first Climate Strategy Report in the coming weeks  which follows recommendations made by the TCFD. We have an ambition of becoming Net Zero (Scope 1 and 2) by 2040  with a short-term carbon emissions reduction target of 12% by 2024  contingent on receiving a reliable power supply from the Mozambican state power provider  Electricidade de Moçambique.In early 2021 we approved the development of a RUPS. It is expected to deliver increased power stability for the Mineral Separation Plant  an important risk mitigation measure  and is anticipated to be the main contributor towards our reduced emissions through lower diesel consumption. At an estimated cost of $18 million  the RUPS is a Net Present Value positive project  using conservative assumptions  and commissioning commenced in Q1 2022.We also continued to invest in our people. The Moma workforce received 21 100 hours of training during the year as we believe that providing continuous development opportunities is key to attracting and retaining the best people and maintaining our strong safety culture. At the end of 2021  we had 1 551 employees at the Moma Mine and over 97% of them were Mozambican  with 70% from the local district or province. 12.5% of our Moma employees were women  compared with 10.6% in 2020  reflecting our successful initiatives to encourage women to join and remain in our workforce.Operational performance2021 was a record year for production and the first time we have produced more than one million tonnes of ilmenite. Total production of finished products was up 46% compared to 2020  driven by the higher ore grades mined in Pilivili by WCP B following its relocation in Q3 2020. We achieved Moma’s nameplate capacity of 1.2 Mtpa ilmenite production in Q3 2021  which set a new quarterly production record  and demonstrated our ability to produce at our targeted rate. We are now focused on achieving this run rate on a consistent basis. 2021 was also a record year for shipments  which were up 51% compared to 2020.We achieved this compelling performance despite the impact of COVID-19 on our operations  particularly in H1 2021. Ilmenite production was below the midpoint of guidance due to the challenges of operating with a reduced workforce  including senior management  and power supply disruptions in Q4. Operating costs per tonne were 3% above the top end of our guidance range due mainly to additional costs associated with repairs and maintenance  HMC haulage  and COVID-19 management. In 2022  we will look to progress towards becoming a first quartile producer on the industry revenue to cost curve.Product marketKenmare is the world’s largest supplier of ilmenite and the Moma Mine is one of the largest titanium minerals deposits globally. The titanium feedstocks we produce are principally used to make pigment  which is essential for imparting whiteness and opacity in the production of paints  paper  plastic  and a range of other items we use in our everyday lives.2021 was a strong year for all of Kenmare’s product markets  with increased volumes sold at a 21% higher average price than in 2020. Robust demand for titanium feedstocks  like ilmenite  was driven primarily by global pigment production reaching a record high and the titanium metal market improving. Following softer demand in 2020  the market for zircon  our main co-product  stabilised in Q1 2021 and then saw price increases throughout the remainder of 2021. The positive pricing momentum for all our products has continued into 2022  with global inventories remaining low.OutlookAlthough the pandemic continued to create huge challenges in 2021  I believe we have built a stronger business. The past two years have shown us what we are all capable of  particularly when we pull together and look out for each other. I would like to thank all our stakeholders  particularly those in Mozambique  for their invaluable support.I would also like to thank Steven McTiernan for his outstanding contribution to Kenmare. He led the Company as Chairman during a period of significant change  providing constructive challenge  wise counsel  and strong support. I look forward to working with Andrew Webb and ensuring we continue to deliver positive returns and create value for all our stakeholders.As we look to the months and years ahead  we know we have a lot of hard work ahead of us to live up to our strategy of operating responsibly  delivering long-life  low-cost production  and allocating capital efficiently  including developing accretive growth opportunities. However  we can be proud that our operations are safe and performing well  our balance sheet is strong  our product markets are tight  and our employees have proven they can succeed even in the most difficult conditions.Michael CarvillManaging DirectorUNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOMEFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021Notes 2021$’000 2020$’000 Revenue 2 455 944 243 746 Cost of sales 4 (244 986) (179 103) Gross profit 210 958 64 643 Other operating costs 5 (57 977) (30 250) Operating profit 152 981 34 393 Finance income 6 265 642 Finance costs 7 (12 053) (11 301) Foreign exchange loss (3 897) (980) Profit before tax 137 296 22 754 Income tax expense 8 (8 770) (6 015) Profit for the financial year and total comprehensive income for the financial year 128 526 16 739 Attributable to equity holders 128 526 16 739 $ per share $ per share Profit per share: Basic 9 1.18 0.15 Profit per share: Diluted 9 1.16 0.15The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITIONAS AT 31 DECEMBER 2021Notes 2021$’000 2020$’000 Assets Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 10 954 558 958 508 Right of use assets 11 2 136 3 220 Deferred tax asset - 202 956 694 961 930 Current assets Inventories 60 219 63 670 Trade and other receivables 12 74 747 29 915 Cash and cash equivalents 13 69 057 87 244 204 023 180 829 Total assets 1 160 717 1 142 759 Equity Capital and reserves attributable to the Company’s equity holders Called-up share capital 14 104 120 Share premium 545 950 545 950 Other reserves 230 539 231 350 Retained earnings 154 050 123 083 Total equity 930 643 900 503 Liabilities Non-current liabilities Bank loans 15 74 757 144 554 Lease liabilities 11 971 2 028 Provisions 16 38 999 40 430 114 727 187 012 Current liabilities Bank loans 15 73 342 1 217 Lease liabilities 11 1 207 1 360 Trade and other payables 32 768 50 122 Current tax liabilities 4 808 1 631 Provisions 16 3 222 914 115 347 55 244 Total liabilities 230 074 242 256 Total equity and liabilities 1 160 717 1 142 759The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITYFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021Called-Up ShareCapital$’000 SharePremium$’000 RetainedEarnings$’000 Undenominated Capital$’000 Share-Based PaymentReserve$’000 Total$’000 Balance at 1 January 2020 215 046 545 729 93 851 11 336 25 866 891 828 Total comprehensive income for the year Profit for the financial year – – 16 739 – – 16 739 Total comprehensive income for the year – – 16 739 – – 16 739 Transactions with owners of the Company Share-based payments – – – – 530 530 Unvested and expired share-based payments – – 21 087 – (21 087) – Shares issued – 221 – – (221) – Deferred shares cancelled (214 926) – – 214 926 – – Dividends paid – – (8 594) – – (8 594) Total contributions and distributions (214 926) 221 12 493 214 926 (20 778) (8 064) Balance at 1 January 2021 120 545 950 123 083 226 262 5 088 900 503 Total comprehensive income for the year Profit for the financial year - - 128 526 - - 128 526 Total comprehensive income for the year - - 128 526 - - 128 526 Transactions with owners of the Company Share-based payments - - - - 1 137 1 137 Unvested and expired share-based payments - - 1 964 - (1 964) - Share buy back (16) - (81 589) 16 - (81 589) Share buy back transaction costs - - (1 540) - - (1 540) Dividends paid - - (16 394) - - (16 394) Total contributions and distributions (16) - (97 559) 16 (827) (98 386) Balance at 31 December 2021 104 545 950 154 050 226 278 4 261 930 643UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021Notes 2021$’000 2020$’000 Cashflows from operating activities Profit for the financial year after tax 128 526 16 739 Adjustment for: Foreign exchange movement 3 897 980 Share-based payments 3 420 1 759 Finance income 6 (265) (642) Finance costs 7 12 053 11 301 Income tax expense 8 8 770 6 015 Depreciation 10/11 63 136 42 294 219 537 78 446 Change in: Provisions 16 2 372 614 Inventories 3 451 (11 824) Trade and other receivables (44 832) 10 536 Trade and other payables (15 681) 10 675 Cost of equity-settled share-based payments (2 283) (1 229) Cash generated from operating activities 162 564 87 218 Income tax paid (6 284) (8 498) Interest received 265 642 Interest paid (7 147) (7 474) Factoring and other fees 7 (1 431) (720) Debt commitments fees paid 7 (161) (317) Net cash from operating activities 147 806 70 851 Investing activities Additions to property  plant and equipment 10 (60 342) (139 347) Net cash used in investing activities (60 342) (139 347) Financing activities Dividends paid (16 394) (8 594) Share buy back 14 (81 589) - Share buy back transaction costs 14 (1 540) - Drawdown of debt 15 20 000 82 742 Repayment of debt 15 (20 000) - Payment of lease liabilities 15 (1 449) (1 065) Net cash generated (used in)/from financing activities (100 972) 73 083 Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (13 508) 4 587 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year 87 244 81 177 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (4 679) 1 480 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year 13 69 057 87 244UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 20211. Statement of accounting policiesKenmare Resources plc (the “Company”) is domiciled in the Republic of Ireland. The Company’s registered address is Styne House  Hatch Street Upper  Dublin 2. The Company has a premium listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and a secondary listing on Euronext Dublin. These unaudited consolidated financial statements comprise the Company and its subsidiary undertakings (the “Group”). The principal activity of the Group is the operation and further development of the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique.On 22 March 2022  the Directors approved the preliminary results for publication. While the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021  from which the preliminary results have been extracted  are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union  these preliminary results do not contain sufficient information to comply with IFRS. The Directors expect to publish on 7 April 2022 the full financial statements that comply with IFRS as adopted by the European Union.The auditor  KPMG  has not yet issued their audit opinion on the financial statements in respect of the year ended 31 December 2021. The financial information included within this unaudited preliminary results statement for the year ended 31 December 2021 does not constitute the statutory financial statements of the Group within the meaning of section 293 of the Companies Act 2014. The Group financial information in this preliminary statement for the year ended 31 December 2021 is unaudited. A copy of the statutory financial statements in respect of the year ended 31 December 2021 will be annexed to the next annual return and filed with the Registrar of Companies.The Group financial information for the year ended 31 December 2020 included in this preliminary statement represents an abbreviated version of the Group’s financial statements for that year. The statutory financial statements for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020  upon which the auditor  KPMG  has issued an unqualified opinion  were annexed to the annual return of the Company and filed with the Registrar of Companies.None of the new and revised standards and interpretations which are effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021  have a material effect on the Group’s financial statements.Going concernThe Directors have evaluated the appropriateness of the going concern basis in preparing the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements for a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval of these financial statements (the ‘period of assessment’). The evaluation is based on the Group’s cash flow forecast (“the Group Forecast”).The Group Forecast has been prepared by management with best estimates of production  pricing and cost assumptions over the period of assessment. The Group recognises the principal risks which can impact on the outcome of the Group Forecast and have therefore applied sensitivity analysis to the assumptions to test the robustness of the cash flow forecast for changes in market prices  shipments  operating and capital cost assumptions.Changes in these assumptions affect the level of sales and profitability of the Group and the amount of capital required to deliver the projected production levels. Debt covenants are complied with and Group liquidity is maintained  although at lower levels  in each of these scenarios.Having assessed the principal risks facing the Group  together with the Group’s cash flow forecast  the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources for the foreseeable future and can continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the annual financial statements.UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 20212. Revenue2021$’000 2020$’000 Sale of mineral products 455 944 243 746During the financial year  the Group sold 1 285 300 tonnes (2020: 853 100 tonnes) of finished products ilmenite  rutile  zircon and concentrates to customers at a sales value of $455.9 million (2020: $243.7 million). The principal categories for disaggregating revenue are by product type and by country of the customer’s location. The product types are ilmenite  zircon  rutile and concentrates. Concentrates includes secondary zircon and mineral sands concentrates.Revenue from major products2021$’000 2020$’000 Ilmenite 359 135 175 587 Zircon 87 372 45 708 Concentrates 5 529 16 320 Rutile 3 908 6 131 Total 455 944 243 746Geographical informationIn the following table  revenue is disaggregated by primary geographical market. The Group allocates revenue from external customers to individual countries and discloses revenues in each country where revenues represent 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue. Where total disclosed revenue disaggregated by country constitutes less than 75% of total Group revenue  additional disclosures are made on a region basis until at least 75% of the Group’s disaggregated revenue is disclosed. There were no individual countries within Europe or the Rest of the World with revenues amounting to greater than $46 million during the year.2021$’000 2020$’000 Revenue from external customers China 222 351 107 824 Europe 81 754 61 697 USA 44 312 19 955 Rest of the world 107 527 54 270 Total 455 944 243 746Information about major customers2021$’000 2020$’000 Revenue from external customers Largest customer 65 500 40 299 Second largest customer 62 285 32 979 Third largest customer 50 642 30 179 Fourth largest customer 42 029 24 725 Total 220 456 128 182All Group revenues from external customers are generated by the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique  the non-current assets of which are $952.2 million (2020: $959.7 million). Sales to and from Ireland were $nil (2020: $nil) in the year.UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 20213. Segment reportingInformation on the operations of the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique is reported to the Group’s Board for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance. Information regarding the Group’s operating segment is reported below.Segment revenues and results2021$’000 2020$’000 Moma Titanium Minerals Mine Revenue 455 944 243 746 Cost of sales (244 986) (179 103) Gross profit 210 958 64 643 Other operating costs (44 596) (24 441) Segment operating profit 166 362 40 202 Other corporate operating costs (13 381) (5 809) Group operating profit 152 981 34 393 Finance income 265 642 Finance expenses (12 053) (11 301) Foreign exchange loss (3 897) (980) Profit before tax 137 296 22 754 Income tax expense (8 770) (6 015) Profit for the financial year 128 526 16 739 Segment assets Moma Titanium Minerals Mine assets 1 153 919 1 101 808 Corporate assets 6 798 40 951 Total assets 1 160 717 1 142 759 Segment liabilities Moma Titanium Minerals Mine liabilities 225 853 236 695 Corporate liabilities 4 221 5 561 Total liabilities 230 074 242 256 Other segment information Depreciation Moma Titanium Minerals Mine 62 841 41 958 Corporate 295 336 Total 63 136 42 294 Additions to non-current assets Moma Titanium Minerals Mine 60 342 141 466 Corporate - – Total 60 342 141 466Corporate assets consist of the Company’s and other subsidiary undertakings’ property  plant and equipment including right-of-use assets  cash and cash equivalents and prepayments at the reporting date. Corporate liabilities consist of trade and other payables at the reporting date.4. Cost of sales2021$’000 2020$’000 Opening stock of mineral products 31 373 26 493 Production costs 179 214 146 431 Depreciation 56 426 37 552 Closing stock of mineral products (22 027) (31 373) Total 244 986 179 103UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 20214. Cost of sales (continued)Mineral products consist of finished products and heavy mineral concentrate as detailed. Mineral stock movement in the year was a decrease of $9.3 million (2020: $4.9 million decrease). Included in production costs are $0.4 million (2020: $0.1 million) share-based payments relating to staff of the mine.5. Other operating costs2021$’000 2020$’000 Distribution costs 11 631 9 820 Freight and demurrage costs 37 248 14 185 Administration costs 9 098 6 245 Total 57 977 30 250Distribution costs of $11.6 million (2020: $9.8 million) represent the cost of running the Mine’s finished product storage  jetty and marine fleet. Included in distribution costs is depreciation of $6.4 million (2020: $4.4 million). Freight costs of $35.4 million (2020: $12.2 million) arise from sales to customers on a CIF or CFR basis. Demurrage costs were $1.8 million (2020: $2.0 million) during the financial year. Administration costs of $9.1 million (2020: $6.2 million) include depreciation of $0.3 million (2020: $0.3 million) and a share-based payment expense of $3.0 million (2020: $1.7 million).6. Finance income2021$’000 2020$’000 Interest on bank deposits 265 6427. Finance costs2021$’000 2020$’000 Interest on bank borrowings 9 475 9 288 Interest on lease liabilities 239 312 Factoring and other fees 1 431 720 Commitment and other fees 161 317 Unwinding of discount on mine closure provision 747 664 Total 12 053 11 301All interest has been expensed in the financial year. In 2021  the Group changed the classification of cashflows in the Consolidated Statement of Cashflows arising from fees associated with the use of the ABSA and Barclay’s financing facilities in order to disclose separately.UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 20218. Income tax expense2021$’000 2020$’000 Corporation tax 8 770 5 748 Deferred tax - 267 Total 8 770 6 015 Reconciliation of effective tax rate Profit before tax 137 296 22 754 Profit before tax multiplied by the applicable tax rate (12.5%) 17 162 2 844 Non-deductible expenses 331 315 Differences in effective tax rates on overseas earnings (8 723) 2 589 Recognition of deferred tax asset - 267 Total 8 770 6 015During the year  Kenmare Moma Mining Limited - Mozambique Branch had taxable profits of $16.2 million (2020: $16.4 million) resulting in an income tax expense of $5.7 million (2020: $5.7 million) being recognised. The income tax rate applicable to taxable profits of KMML Mozambique Branch is 35% (2020: 35%).Kenmare Moma Mining Limited - Mozambique Branch has elected  and the fiscal regime applicable to mining allows for  the option to deduct  as an allowable deduction  depreciation of exploration and development expense and capital expenditure over the life of mine. Tax losses may be carried forward for three years. There are no tax losses carried forward at 31 December 2021.During the year  Kenmare Resources plc had taxable profits of $8.5 million (2020: $4.2 million) resulting in an income tax expense of $3.1 million.9. Earnings per shareThe calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the Company is based on the following data:2021$’000 2020$’000 Profit for the financial year attributable to equity holders of the Company 128 526 16 7392021Number of shares 2020Number of shares Weighted average number of issued ordinary shares for the purpose of basic earnings per share 108 843 459 109 709 003 Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares: Share awards 2 185 857 1 993 422 Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purposes of diluted earnings per share 111 029 316 111 702 425UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 20219. Earnings per share (continued)$ per share $ per share Earnings per share: basic 1.18 0.15 Earnings per share: diluted 1.16 0.15The denominator for the purposes of calculating both basic and diluted earnings per share has been adjusted to reflect shares acquired during the year.10. Property  plant and equipmentPlant &Equipment$’000 DevelopmentExpenditure$’000 ConstructionIn Progress$’000 OtherAssets$’000 Total$’000 Cost At 1 January 2020 814 258 250 326 88 170 67 249 1 220 003 Additions during the financial year 1 831 139 635 141 466 Transfer from construction in progress 171 004 (355) (175 389) 4 740 - Disposals (2 209) (8 875) (11 084) Adjustment to mine closure cost 10 972 10 972 At 31 December 2020 995 856 249 971 52 416 63 114 1 361 357 Additions during the financial year 784 - 59 558 - 60 342 Transfer from construction in progress 29 586 8 201 (50 544) 12 757 - Disposals (6 557) - - (11 440) (17 997) Adjustment to mine closure cost (2 240) - - - (2 240) At 31 December 2021 1 017 429 258 172 61 430 64 431 1 401 462 Accumulated Depreciation At 1 January 2020 208 506 130 626 - 33 143 372 275 Charge for the financial year 25 992 4 527 - 10 688 41 207 Disposals (2 057) - - (8 576) (10 633) At 31 December 2020 232 441 135 153 - 35 255 402 849 Charge for the financial year 44 229 6 336 - 11 487 62 052 Disposals (6 557) - - (11 440) (17 997) At 31 December 2021 270 113 141 489 - 35 302 446 904 Carrying Amount At 31 December 2021 747 316 116 683 61 430 29 129 954 558 At 31 December 2020 763 415 114 818 52 416 27 859 958 508In 2021  the Group changed the classification of right of use assets in order to discloses separately from property  plant and equipment in Note 11. An adjustment to the mine closure cost of $2.2 million (2020: $11.0 million) was made during the year as a result of an update in the discount rate as detailed in Note 16.At each reporting date  the Group assesses whether there is any indication that property  plant and equipment may be impaired. The Group considers the relationship between its market capitalisation and its book value  among other factors  when reviewing for indicators for impairment. As at 31 December 2021  the market capitalisation of the Group was below the book value of net assets which is considered an indicator of impairment of assets. The Group carried out an impairment review of property  plant and equipment as at 31 December 2021. As a result of the review and given the performance and outlook of the Group no impairment provision was recognised in the current financial year. No impairment was recognised in the prior financial year. Given the historic volatility in product pricing and sensitivities of the forecast to the discount rate and to a lesser extent operating costs  the impairment loss of $64.8 million which was recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income in 2014 was not reversed.The cash-generating unit for the purpose of impairment testing is the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine. The basis on which the Mine is assessed is its value-in-use. The cash flow forecast employed for the value-in-use computation is from a life of mine financial model. The recoverable amount obtained from the financial model represents the present value of the future discounted pre-tax  pre-finance cash flows discounted at 10.5% (2020: 10.0%).UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202110. Property  plant and equipment (continued)Key assumptions include the following:• The discount rate is based on the Group’s weighted average cost of capital. This rate is a best estimate of the current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the Mine  taking into consideration country risk  currency risk and price risk. The factors making up the cost of equity  cost of debt and capital structure have changed from the prior year review (in particular the risk-free rate) resulting in a discount rate of 10.5% (2020: 10.0%). The Group’s estimation of the country risk premium included in the discount rate has remained unchanged from the prior year. The Group does not consider it appropriate to apply the full current country risk premium for Mozambique to the calculation of the Group’s weighted average cost of capital as it believes the specific circumstances which have resulted in the risk premium increase over the past number of years are not relevant to the specific circumstances of the Moma Mine. Hence  country risk premium applicable to the calculation of the cost of equity has been adjusted accordingly. Using a discount rate of 10.5%  the recoverable amount is greater than the carrying amount by $384.0 million (2020: $260.2 million). The discount rate is a significant factor in determining the recoverable amount. A 5.8% increase in the discount rate to 16.3% reduces the recoverable amount by $384 million. The increase in the recoverable amount from the prior year is a result of increased cash flows over the life of mine due to the factors detailed below partially offset by an increase in the discount rate from 10.0% to 10.5%.• A mine plan is based on the Namalope  Nataka  Pilivili and Mualadi proved probable reserves and resources. Specific resource material is included only where there is a high degree of confidence in its economic extraction. The Mine life assumption of 40 years has not changed from the prior year review. Average annual production is approximately 1.2 million tonnes (2020: 1.2 million tonnes) of ilmenite and co-products zircon  rutile and concentrates over the life of the Mine and remains unchanged from the prior year review. This mine plan does not include investment in additional mining capacity. Certain minimum stocks of final and intermediate products are assumed to be maintained at period ends.• Product sales prices are based on contract prices as stipulated in marketing agreements with customers  or where contracts are based on market prices or production is not currently contracted  prices are forecast by the Group taking into account independent titanium mineral sands expertise provided by TiPMC Solutions and management expectations including general inflation of 2% per annum. Forecast prices provided by TiPMC Solutions have been reviewed and found to be consistent with other external sources of information. Average forecast product sales prices have increased over the life of mine from the prior year end review as a result of revised forecast pricing. A 12% reduction in average sales prices over the life of mine reduces the recoverable amount by $384.0 million.• Operating costs are based on approved budget costs for 2022 taking into account the current running costs of the Mine and estimated forecast inflation for 2022. From 2023 onwards operating costs are escalated by 2% per annum. Average forecast operating costs have increased from the prior year end review as a result of increased production and inflation. A 14% increase in operating costs over the life of mine reduces the recoverable amount by $384.0 million.• Capital costs are based on a life of mine capital plan including inflation at 2% per annum from 2022. Average forecast capital costs have increased from the prior year end review based on updated sustaining and development capital plans required to maintain the existing plant over the life of mine. The forecast takes into account reasonable cost increases and therefore a sensitivity to this assumption which would give rise to a reduction in the recoverable amount has not been applied.11. Right of use assets and lease liabilitiesPlant & Equipment$’000 Land and Buildings$’000 Total$’000 At 1 January 2020 2 491 1 816 4 307 Depreciation expense (831) (256) (1 087) At 31 December 2020 1 660 1 560 3 220 Depreciation expense (830) (254) (1 084) At 31 December 2021 830 1 306 2 136On 1 January 2019  the Group recognised lease liabilities of $5.0 million in respect of right-of-use assets being its head office at Styne House  Dublin and the electricity generators at the Mine. The Styne House lease has a term of ten years commencing August 2017 and rental payments are fixed for five years. This lease obligation is denominated in Euros.The lease for the electricity generators was renewed in November 2017 for a five-year period and rental payments are fixed for the five years. This lease obligation is denominated in US Dollars.UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202111. Right of use assets and lease liabilities (continued)In February 2019  the Group recognised a lease liability of $0.4 million for its Mozambican country office in Maputo. The lease has a seven-year term commencing February 2019 and rental payments are fixed for seven years. This lease obligation is denominated in US Dollars. The Group has discounted lease payments using its incremental borrowing rates. The weighted average rate applied is 7%.At each reporting date  the Company assesses whether there is any indication that right of use assets may be impaired. No impairment indicators were identified as at 31 December 2021 or 31 December 2020.Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities at each reporting date:2021$’000 2020$’000 Current 1 207 1 360 Non-current 971 2 028 Total 2 178 3 388The consolidated income statement includes the following amounts relating to leases:2021$’000 2020$’000 Depreciation expense 1 084 1 087 Interest expense on lease labilities 239 312 Total 1 323 1 39912. Trade and other receivables2021$’000 2020$’000 Trade receivables 66 204 23 112 VAT receivable 790 - Prepayments 7 753 6 803 Total 74 747 29 91513. Cash and cash equivalents2021$’000 2020$’000 Cash and cash equivalents 69 057 87 244Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances held for the purposes of meeting short-term cash commitments and investments which are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value. Where investments are categorised as cash equivalents  the related balances have a maturity of three months or less from the date of investment.UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202114. Called-up share capital2021€’000 2020€’000 Authorised share capital 181 000 000 ordinary shares of €0.001 each 181 181 181 1812021$’000 2020$’000 Allotted  called up and fully paid Opening balance 109 736 382 (2020: 109 657 480) ordinary shares of €0.001 each 120 120 Nil (2019: 2 781 905 503) deferred shares of €0.059995 each – 214 926 Total called-up share capital 120 215 046 Issued during the year Nil (2020: 78 902) ordinary shares of €0.001 each – – Acquired and cancelled14 814 412 (2020: Nil) ordinary shares of €0.001 each (16) - Nil (2020: 2 781 905 503) deferred shares of €0.059995 each – (214 926) Closing balance 94 921 970 (2020: 109 736 382) ordinary shares of €0.001 each 104 120 Total called-up share capital 104 120No ordinary shares were issued during the year (2020: 78 902).On 10 December 2021  under the authority granted at the Company’s extraordinary general meeting held on 9 December 2021 and in accordance with Section 105(1) and Section 106(1) of the Companies Act 2014 and article 47 and article 48 of the Articles of Association  the Company completed a tender offer buyback of 14 814 412 Ordinary shares of €0.001 each in the capital of the Company representing 13.5% of the then called up share capital of the Company for a total cash consideration of $81.6 million. All ordinary shares acquired by the Company were subsequently cancelled. Transaction costs associated with the transaction amounted to $1.5 million and were accounted for as a deduction from retained earnings.On 10 March 2020  the Company acquired and cancelled all of the 2 781 905 503 deferred shares of €0.059995 each in the capital of the Company in issue by transfer otherwise than for valuable consideration in accordance with Section 102(1)(a) and Section 106(1) of the Companies Act 2014 and Article 3(b) of the Articles of Association of the Company. At the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 13 May 2020  all of the unissued deferred shares of €0.059995 each in the capital of the Company were cancelled.UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202115. Bank loans2021$’000 2020$’000 Borrowings 148 099 145 771 The borrowings are repayable as follows: Less than one year 73 342 1 217 Between two and five years 78 572 150 000 More than five years - - 151 914 151 217 Transaction costs (3 815) (5 446) Total carrying amount 148 099 145 771BorrowingsOn 11 December 2019  the Group entered into debt facilities with Absa Bank Limited (acting through its Corporate and Investment Banking Division) (“Absa”)  The Emerging Africa Infrastructure Fund (part of the Private Infrastructure Development Group) (“EAIF”)  Nedbank Limited (acting through its Nedbank Corporate and Investment Banking division) (“Nedbank”)  Rand Merchant Bank and Standard Bank Group (“Standard Bank”).The debt facilities comprise a $110 million Term Loan Facility and a $40 million Revolving Credit Facility that share common terms and a common security package. The finance documentation also contemplates a Mine Closure Guarantee Facility (provided by either the existing lenders or other finance providers) of up to $40 million  with the provider(s) of such a facility sharing in the common security package. The potential total aggregate principal amount of indebtedness secured under the finance documentation is therefore $190 million. The transaction costs for arrangement of the debt facilities amounted to $6.5 million.The Term Loan Facility has a final maturity date of 11 March 2025. Interest is at LIBOR plus 5.40% per annum. Repayment is in seven equal semi-annual instalments  beginning 11 March 2022.The Revolving Credit Facility has a final maturity date of 11 December 2022 extendable by up to 24 months at the lenders’ discretion. Interest is at LIBOR plus 5.00% per annum.During the period the Group entered into a mine closure guarantee with Absa Bank Moçambique SA for $11.4 million. This guarantee shares the security package with the Term Loan Facility and Revolving Credit Facility on a pro rata and pari passu basis.The security package consists of (a) security over the Group’s bank accounts (subject to certain exceptions)  (b) pledges of the shares of Kenmare Moma Processing (Mauritius) Limited and Kenmare Moma Mining (Mauritius) Limited (the “Project Companies”)  (c) security over intercompany loans and (d) Mozambican law security interests over certain rights and agreements with Mozambican authorities  including over the Implementation Agreement  the Mineral Licensing Contract and the Mining Licence.The carrying amount of the secured bank accounts of the Group was $66.9 million as at 31 December 2021 (2020:$87.0 million). The shares of the Project Companies and intercompany loans are not included in the consolidated statement of financial position as they are eliminated on consolidation. They therefore do not have a carrying amount but  upon enforcement of the pledges on behalf of the lender group  the shares in the Project Companies would cease to be owned or controlled by the Group. The secured rights and agreements do not have a carrying amount. They are  however  necessary for the Project Companies to operate the Mine in Mozambique.The finance documents contain a number of representations  covenants and events of default on customary terms  the breach of which could lead to the secured parties under the finance documentation accelerating the outstanding loans and taking other enforcement steps  such as the enforcement of some or all of the security interests  which could lead  in extremis  with the Group losing its interest in the Mine. The most salient of the relevant terms that could lead to acceleration of the loans and/or enforcement of security are the financial covenants.At 31 December 2021 total debt of $148.1 million (2020: $145.8 million) was recognised by the Group  being the drawdown of $150.0 million before unamortised transaction costs of $3.8 million (2020: $5.4 million) plus interest amortised of $2.0 million (2020: $1.2 million).UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202115. Bank loans (continued)Reconciliation of movements of debt to cashflows arising from financing activities 2021$’000 2020$’000 Bank Loans Balance at 1 January 145 771 60 903 Cash movements Loan interest paid (7 147) (7 162) Principal paid (20 000) – Loan drawn down 20 000 82 742 Non-cash movements Loan interest accrued 9 475 9 288 Balance at 31 December 148 099 145 771CovenantsAll covenants have been complied with during the year. The key financial covenants as at 31 December 2021 are detailed below:As at31 December2021 As at31 December2020 Covenant Interest Coverage Ratio 21.8:1 9.75:1 Not less than 4.00:1 Net Debt to EBITDA 0.38 0.83:1 Not greater than 2.00:1 Debt Service Coverage Ratio 22.3:1 11.55:1 Not less than 1.20:1 Liquidity $69 057 000 $87 244 000 Not less than $15 000 000 Reserve Tail Ratio 78% 79% Not less than 30%The definition of the covenants under the debt facilities are set out below:• Interest Coverage Ratio is defined as the ratio of EBITDA to Net Interest Cost.• Net Debt is defined as total financial indebtedness excluding leases less consolidated cash and cash equivalents.• The Debt Service Coverage Ratio is the ratio of cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of a reporting period plus available facilities plus cash generated in the period to debt repayments in the period.• Liquidity is defined as consolidated cash and cash equivalents plus undrawn amounts of the Revolving Credit Facility.• Reserve Tail Ratio means the reserve tail ratio  expressed as a percentage of the termination date reserves (estimated remaining reserves in March 2025) divided by the initial reserves (estimated reserves in December 2019).16. Provisions2021$’000 2020$’000 Mine closure provision 35 959 37 451 Mine rehabilitation provision 3 998 3 893 Other provisions 2 264 - 42 221 41 344 Current 3 222 914 Non-current 38 999 40 430 42 221 41 344UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202116. Provisions (continued)MineClosureProvision$’000 MineRehabilitationProvision$’000OtherProvisions Total$’000 At 1 January 2020 25 815 3 279 - 29 094 Increase in provision during the financial year 10 972 1 406 - 12 378 Provision utilised during the financial year – (792) - (792) Unwinding of the discount 664 – - 664 At 1 January 2021 37 451 3 893 - 41 344 (Decrease)/Increase in provision during the financial year (2 239) 470 2 264 495 Provision utilised during the financial year - (365) - (365) Unwinding of the discount 747 - - 747 At 31 December 2021 35 959 3 998 2 264 42 221The Mine closure provision represents the Directors’ best estimate of the Project Companies’ liability for close-down  dismantling and restoration of the mining and processing site. A corresponding amount equal to the provision is recognised as part of property  plant and equipment. The costs are estimated on the basis of a formal closure plan  are subject to regular review and are estimated based on the net present value of estimated future cost. Mine closure costs are a normal consequence of mining  and the majority of close-down and restoration expenditure is incurred at the end of the life of the Mine. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as a finance cost and $0.7 million (2020: $0.7 million) has been recognised in the statement of comprehensive income for the financial year.The main assumptions used in the calculation of the estimated future costs include:• a discount rate of 2.9% (2020: 2.0%);• an inflation rate of 2% (2020: 2%);• an estimated life of mine of 40 years (2020: 40 years). It is assumed that all licences and permits required to operate will be renewed or extended during the life of mine; and• an estimated closure cost of $34.1 million (2020: $34.1 million) and an estimated post-closure monitoring provision of $3.9 million (2020: $3.9 million).The life of mine plan is based on the Namalope  Nataka  Pilivili and Mualadi Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources as set out in the Ore Reserve and Mineral Resources table. Specific resource material is included only where there is a high degree of confidence in its economic extraction. The Mine closure provision has decreased by $1.0 million to reflect a change in the discount rate from 2.0% to 2.9%.The discount rate is a significant factor in determining the Mine closure provision. The discount rate increased to 2.9% (2020: 2.0%) as a result of movements in the US Treasury rates. Thirty-year US Treasury yields are the longest period for which yields are quoted. A forty-year rate to align with the estimated life of mine has been calculated by taking the average of the increase in yield from ten to twenty years and the increase in yield from twenty to thirty years and adding this average to the thirty-year treasury rate to arrive at an estimated extrapolated rate for forty years. This discount rate is deemed to provide the best estimate of the current market assessment of risk-free time value of the money. Risks specific to the liability are included in the cost estimate. A reasonable possible increase of 1% in the estimated discount rate results in the Mine closure provision decreasing to $24.0 million. A 1% decrease in the estimated discount rate results in the Mine closure provision increasing to $54.0 million.The Mine rehabilitation provision represents the Directors’ best estimate of the Company’s liability for rehabilitating areas disturbed by mining activities. Rehabilitation costs are recognised based on the area disturbed and estimated cost of rehabilitation per hectare which is reviewed regularly against actual rehabilitation cost per hectare. Actual rehabilitation expenditure is incurred approximately twelve months after the area has been disturbed. During the financial year there was a release of $0.4 million (2020: $0.8 million) to reflect the actual mine rehabilitation costs incurred  and an addition to the provision of $0.4 million (2020: $1.4 million) for areas newly disturbed.Other provisions comprise an amount of $2.3 million (2020: $nil million) in relation to a potential indirect tax liability. As the matter is still outstanding it is possible that on conclusion the final outcome may differ from management’s estimate.UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202117. Financial Instruments2021 2020 Carrying amount$’000 Fair value$’000 Carrying amount$’000 Fair value$’000 Financial assets measured at fair value through profit and loss Trade receivables 37 086 37 086 Level 2 6 202 6 202 Level 2 Financial assets measured at fair value through OCI Trade receivables 14 539 14 539 Level 2 8 871 8 871 Level 2 Financial assets not measured at fair value Trade receivables 14 579 14 579 Level 2 8 039 8 039 Level 2 Cash and cash equivalents 69 057 69 057 Level 2 87 244 87 244 Level 2 135 261 135 261 110 356 110 356 Financial liabilities not measured at fair value Bank loans 148 099 148 827 Level 2 145 771 146 247 Level 2The carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities including their levels in fair value hierarchy are detailed above. The table does not include fair value information for other receivables  prepayments  trade payables and accruals as these are not measured at fair value as the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of their fair value. Trade receivables which are factored through the Absa Bank facility or letters of credit which are always confirmed and discounted through the Barclays Bank facility are initially measured at fair value and subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL). Trade receivables or letters or credit where it is not known at initial recognition if they will be factored are classified as fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI). The Group derecognises the original receivable to which the arrangement applies when payment is received from the bank as the terms of the arrangement are non-recourse. The payment to the bank by the Group’s customers are considered non-cash transactions. Trade receivables not measured at fair value are receivables whose payment is received under the sale contract credit terms.The valuation technique used in measuring Level 2 fair values is discounted cash flows which considers the expected receipts or payments discounted using adjusted market discount rates or where these rates are not available estimated discount rates. The Group has exposure to credit risk  liquidity risk and market risk arising from financial instruments.Risk management frameworkThe Board is ultimately responsible for risk management within the Group. It has delegated responsibility for the monitoring of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems to the Audit & Risk Committee. The Board and Audit & Risk Committee receive reports from executive management on the key risks to the business and the steps being taken to mitigate such risks. The Audit & Risk Committee is assisted in its role by Internal Audit. Internal Audit undertakes both regular and ad hoc reviews of risk management controls and procedures  the results of which are reported to the Audit and Risk Committee.Credit RiskCredit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or a counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet it contractual obligations  and arises principally from the Group’s trade receivables from customers. The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure.Trade receivablesThe Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced by the individual circumstances of each customer. The Group also considers the factors that may influence the credit risk of its customer base  including the default risk associated with the industry and country in which customers operate. Before entering into sales contracts with new customers  the Group uses an external credit scoring system to assess the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Limits attributed to customers are reviewed regularly during the year.The Group’s customers have been transacting with the Group for a significant number of years  and no customers’ balances have been written off or are credit-impaired at the financial year end. In monitoring customer credit risk  customers are reviewed individually and the Group has not identified any factors which would merit reducing exposure to any particular customer. The Group does not require collateral in respect of trade receivables.At 31 December 2021  $41.3 million (2020: $7.2 million) is due from the Group’s three largest customers. The exposure to credit risk for trade receivables by geographic region was as follows:UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202117. Financial Instruments (Continued)2021$’000 2020$’000 China 36 836 8 625 Europe 15 410 7 180 USA 8 547 1 583 Rest of the world 5 411 5 724 Total 66 204 23 112The movement in the allowance for impairment in respect of trade receivables where measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income during the year was as follows.2021$’000 2020$’000 Balance at 1 January 199 215 Net remeasurement of loss allowance 225 (16) Balance at 31 December 424 199Cash and cash equivalentsThe credit risk on cash and cash equivalents is limited because funds available to subsidiaries are deposited with banks with high credit ratings assigned by international credit rating agencies. For deposits in excess of $50 million the Group requires that the institution has an A- (S&P)/A3 (Moody’s) long-term rating. For deposits in excess of $15 million  the Group requires that the institution has a BB- (S&P)/Ba3 (Moody’s) long-term rating.At 31 December 2021 and 2020 cash was deposited with the following banks:2021 2020 Long-term credit rating Long-term credit rating $ million S&P Moody’s $ million S&P Moody’s Barclays Bank plc 60.8 A Positive A-1 Stable 60.0 A Negative A-1 Stable FirstRand Bank Limited 5.1 BBB - Stable Ba2 Negative 15.0 BBB- Stable Ba2 Negative Nedbank Limited - BB- Stable Ba2 Negative 10.0 BB- Stable Ba2 Negative HSBC Bank plc 0.8 A+ Stable A1 Stable 1.7 A+ Stable A1 Stable Absa Bank Limited 2.0 BBB- Stable Ba2 Negative - BBB- Stable Ba2 NegativeLiquidity riskLiquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial liabilities that are settled in cash payments. The Group’s objective when managing liquidity is to ensure that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when they are due.The Group monitors mine payment forecasts  both operating and capital  which assist it in monitoring cash flow requirements and optimising its cash return on investments. The Group aims to maintain the level of its cash and cash equivalents at an amount in excess of expected cash outflows on financial liabilities. The Group monitors the level of expected cash inflows on trade receivables together with expected cash outflows on trade and other payables.The Group has a trade finance facility with Absa Bank for three of the Group’s largest customers. In accordance with this facility the bank purchases 80% of the receivable without recourse and so the bank takes on the credit risk. The facility is $30 million with limits on the maximum amount that can be factored for each of the customers named in the facility. During the period no trade receivables were factored under this agreement. At the year end  trade receivables amounting to $14.5 million (2020: $8.9 million) may be factored under this facility and are therefore included in trade receivables as at 31 December 2021. The cost of this facility for the period  which amounted to $0.2 million (2020: $0.2 million)  is included in finance costs in the statement of comprehensive income and in net cash from operating activities in the statement of consolidated cash flows.UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202117. Financial Instruments (continued)The Group has a trade facility with Barclays Bank for customers which it sells to under letter of credit terms. Under this facility  Barclays Bank confirms the letter of credit from the issuing bank and therefore takes the credit risk that the issuing bank will not pay. Barclays Bank can also discount these letters of credit thereby providing early payment of receivables to the Group. There is no limit under the Barclays Bank facility. During the period trade receivables of $224.4 million (2020: $88.3 million) were discounted under this facility. At the year-end there were $37.1 million (2020: $6.2 million) which may be discounted under this facility. The cost of this facility for the period  which amounted to $0.1 million (2020: $0.1 million)  is included in finance costs in the condensed statement of comprehensive income and in net cash from operating activities in the condensed statement of consolidated cash flows.The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at 31 December 2021 based on the gross contractual undiscounted payments:Financial liabilities Total$’000 Less thanone year$’000 Between2 and 5 years$’000 More than5 years$’000 Bank loans 164 331 79 136 85 195 - Lease liabilities 2 684 1 207 1 317 160 Trade & other payables 32 768 32 768 - - 199 783 113 111 86 512 160The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at 31 December 2020 based on the gross contractual undiscounted payments:Financial liabilities Total$’000 Less thanone year$’000 Between2 and 5 years$’000 More than5 years$’000 Bank loans 171 479 7 149 164 330 - Lease liabilities 4 044 1 359 2 251 434 Trade & other payables 50 122 50 122 – – 225 645 58 630 166 581 434As disclosed in Note 15 the Group has bank loans that contain loan covenants. A future breach of covenant may require the Group to repay the loan earlier than indicated in the above table. Under the loan agreement  the covenants are monitored on a regular basis by Group finance and regularly reported to management and the lenders to ensure compliance with the agreement.Risk ConcentrationConcentrations arise when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar business activities  or activities in the same geographical region  or have economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic  political or other conditions. Concentrations indicate the relative sensitivity of the Group’s performance to developments affecting a particular industry.The Group evaluates the concentration of risk with respect to trade receivables and contract assets as low  as its customers are located in several jurisdictions and industries and operate in largely independent markets. Details of concentration of revenue are included in Note 2.Market riskMarket risk is risk that changes in market prices for foreign exchange rates and interest rates will affect the Group’s income statement. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures while optimising returns.Currency riskThe Group is exposed to transactional foreign currency risk to the extent that there is a mismatch between the currencies in which sales  purchases  receivables and borrowings are denominated and the respective functional currencies of Group companies. The functional currencies of all Group are US Dollars. The presentational currency of the Group is US Dollars. Sales and bank loans are denominated in US Dollars which significantly reduces the exposure of the Group to foreign currency risk. Payables transactions are denominated in Mozambican Metical  South African Rand  Euro  Sterling  Australian Dollar and Renminbi.UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202117. Financial Instruments (continued)The Group’s risk management policy is to match the estimated foreign currency exposure in respect of forecast purchases over the following three to six months at any point in time to the extent that funds are available to do so.Exposure to currency riskThe Group’s exposure to currency risk as at 31 December 2021 is as follows.US Dollar$’000 Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 Australian Dollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 Trade and other receivables 69 408 2 717 1 275 928 55 364 - Cash and cash equivalents 64 837 1 030 2 337 479 338 6 36 Bank loans (151 914) - - - - - - Leases (650) - - (1 528) - - - Trade & other payables (14 283) (14 082) (1 905) (2 395) (35) (68) - Net exposure (32 602) (10 335) 1 707 (2 516) 358 302 36The Group’s exposure to currency risk as at 31 December 2020 is as follows.US Dollar$’000 Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 Australian Dollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 Trade and other receivables 28 059 – 444 740 38 634 – Cash and cash equivalents 81 969 130 4 406 441 256 21 21 Bank loans (151 217) – – – – – – Leases (2 217) – – (1 815) – – – Trade & other payables (31 185) (8 371) (8 186) (712) (62) (1 606) – Net exposure (74 591) (8 241) (3 336) (1 346) 232 (951) 21Sensitivity analysisA reasonably possible strengthening or weakening of the Mozambique Metical  South African Rand  Euro  Sterling  Australian Dollar and Renminbi by 1% against US Dollar would have affected profit or loss by the amounts shown below. The analysis assumes that all other variables remain constant.Profit or loss Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 AustralianDollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 31 December 2021 Strengthening (103) 17 (25) 4 3 - Weakening 103 (17) 25 (4) (3) - 31 December 2020 Strengthening (82) (33) (13) 2 (9) – Weakening 82 33 13 2 9 –UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202117. Financial Instruments (continued)Interest rate riskThe loan facilities are arranged at variable rates and expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Variable rates are based on six-month LIBOR. The borrowing rate at financial year end was 5.8% (2020: 5.8%). The interest rate profile of the Group’s loan balances at the financial year end was as follows:2021$’000 2020$’000 Variable rate debt 151 914 151 217Under the assumption that all other variables remain constant  a reasonable possible change of 1% in the six-month LIBOR rate results in a $1.5 million (2020: $1.5 million) change in finance costs for the financial year.The above sensitivity analyses are estimates of the impact of market risks assuming the specified change occurs. Actual results in the future may differ materially from these results due to developments in the global financial markets  which may cause fluctuations in interest rates to vary from the assumptions made above and therefore should not be considered a projection of likely future events.Interest rate benchmark reformA fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being undertaken globally  including the replacement of some interbank offered rates (IBORs) with alternative nearly risk-free rates (referred to as “IBOR reform”). The group has exposure to IBORs on its financial instruments that will be reformed as part of these market-wide initiatives. The Group’s main IBOR exposure at the reporting date is US LIBOR  which is administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (IBA). The alternative reference rate for US LIBOR is the US Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR).On 5 March 2021  IBA stated that it will cease the publication of (i) the overnight and 1  3  6 and 12 months USD LIBOR settings immediately following the LIBOR publication on Friday  June 30  2023 and (ii) all other LIBOR settings  including the 1 week and 2 months USD LIBOR settings  immediately following the LIBOR publication on Friday  December 31  2021. IBA stated that it will not have access to input data necessary to calculate LIBOR settings on a representative basis after those dates. The UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) issued a separate announcement confirming that IBA had notified the FCA of its intent to cease providing all LIBOR settings. The FCA confirmed that all 35 LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or will no longer be representative as of the dates set out by IBA.The Group anticipates that IBOR reform will impact its operational and risk management processes. The main risk to which the Group is exposed as a result of IBOR reform is in the amendment to the Senior Facility Agreement with negotiation with the lender group to reflect the migration from USD LIBOR to SOFR  updating contractual terms and revising operational controls related to the migration. Financial risk is predominantly limited to interest rate risk.The Audit & Risk Committee monitors while the executive and senior management manages the migration to alternative rates. Such management includes evaluation of the extent to which contracts reference IBOR  whether such contracts will need to be amended as a result of IBOR reform and how to manage communication about IBOR reform to counterparties.The Group plans to amend contractual terms for purposes of migrating from USD LIBOR to SOFR prior to the discontinuance of the administration and publication of the relevant LIBOR rates by IBA.The carrying amount of financial liabilities with unreformed contracts at 31 December 2021 was $148.1 million (31 December 2020: $145.8 million).18. Contingent liabilitiesThe Group  like other businesses operating in Mozambique  is subject to tax audits by the Mozambican Tax Authorities. These audits may review a range of matters including corporate income tax  indirect taxes and transaction related issues  and can take a number of years to complete. The Mozambican Tax Authority conducted an audit of the tax obligations of the Branch in relation to the years 2015 to 2017. The Group is liaising with the Tax Authority to address matters raised during the audit. It is not possible to estimate with certainty the timing of any future resolution or possible outcomes.A provision of $2.3 million (2020: $nil) is included in the financial statements in relation to a potential indirect tax liability. As the matter is still outstanding it is possible that on conclusion the outcome may differ from management’s estimates. Other tax matters raised during the audit are likewise still outstanding. No provision has been made in these financial statements in relation to the other tax matters as the Group does not consider that there is any material future probable loss.GLOSSARY – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURESCertain financial measures set out in the 2021 Preliminary Results are not defined under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs)  but represent additional measures used by the Board to assess performance and for reporting both internally and to shareholders and other external users. Presentation of these Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) provides useful supplemental information which  when viewed in conjunction with the Group’s IFRS financial information  allows for a more meaningful understanding of the underlying financial and operating performance of the Group.These non-IFRS measures should not be considered as an alternative to financial measures as defined under IFRSs.Descriptions of the APMs included in this report  as well as their relevance for the Group  are disclosed below.APM Description Relevance Revenue (FOB) Revenue excluding freight Eliminates the effects of freight to provide the product price EBITDA Operating profit/loss before depreciation and amortisation Eliminates the effects of financing  tax and depreciation to allow assessment of the earnings and performance of the Group EBITDA margin Percentage of EBITDA to Revenue (FOB) Provides a group margin for the earnings and performance of the Group Capital costs Additions to property  plant and equipment in the period Provides the amount spent by the Company on additions to property  plant and equipment in the period Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product produced Total costs less freight and other non-cash costs  including inventory movements and the indirect tax provision divided by final product production (tonnes) Eliminates the non-cash impact on costs to identify the actual cash outlay for production and  as production levels increase or decrease  highlights operational performance by providing a comparable cash cost per tonne of product produced over time Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite net of co-products Cash operating costs less FOB revenue of zircon  rutile and mineral sands concentrates  divided by ilmenite production (tonnes) Eliminates the non-cash impact on costs to identify the actual cash outlay for production and  as production levels increase or decrease  highlights operational performance by providing a comparable cash cost per tonne of ilmenite produced over time Net cash/debt Bank loans before transaction costs  loan amendment fees and expenses net of cash and cash equivalents Measures the amount the Group would have to raise through refinancing  asset sale or equity issue if its debt were to fall due immediately  and aids in developing an understanding of theleveraging of the Group Mining – HMC produced Heavy mineral concentrate extracted from mineral sands deposits and which include ilmenite  zircon  rutile  concentrates and other heavy minerals and silica Provides a measure of heavy mineral concentrate extracted from the Mine Processing – finished products produced Finished products produced by the mineral separation process Provides a measure of finished products produced from the processing plants Marketing – finished products shipped Finished products shipped to customers during the period Provides a measure of finished products shipped to customers LTIFR Lost time injury frequency rate Measures the number of injuries causing lost time per 200 000 man hours worked on site AI All injuries Provides the number of injuries at the Mine in the yearRevenue2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 $m $m $m $m $m Revenue 208.3 262.2 270.9 243.7 455.9 Freight (5.4) (16.3) (15.4) (12.2) (35.4) Revenue (FOB) 202.9 245.9 255.5 231.5 420.5GLOSSARY – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES CONTINUEDEBITDA2017$m 2018$m 2019$m 2020$m 2021$m Operating profit/(loss) 28.5 62.9 59.2 34.4 153.0 Depreciation 32.0 30.4 33.4 42.3 63.1 EBITDA 60.5 93.3 92.6 76.7 216.1EBITDA margin2017$m 2018$m 2019$m 2020$m 2021$m EBITDA 60.5 93.3 92.6 76.7 216.1 Revenue (FOB) 202.9 245.9 255.5 231.5 420.5 EBITDA margin (%) 30 38 36 33 51Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product2017$m 2018$m 2019$m 2020$m 2021$m Cost of sales 156.6 168.3 178.4 179.1 245.0 Other operating costs 23.2 31.0 33.3 30.3 58.0 Total operating costs 179.8 199.3 211.7 209.4 303.0 Freight charges (5.5) (16.3) (15.4) (12.2) (35.4) Total operating costs less freight 174.3 183.0 196.3 197.2 267.6 Non-cash costs Depreciation and amortisation (32.0) (30.4) (33.4) (42.3) (63.1) Share-based payments (1.0) (1.4) (1.8) (1.8) (3.5) Mineral product inventory movements 0.3 0.1 (4.5) 4.9 (9.3) Indirect tax provision - - - - (2.0) Total cash operating costs 141.6 151.3 156.6 158.0 189.7 Final product production tonnes 1 081 300 1 043 300 988 300 840 500 1 228 500 Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product $131 $145 $158 $188 $154Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite2017$m 2018$m 2019$m 2020$m 2021$m Total cash operating costs 141.6 151.3 156.6 158.0 189.7 Less FOB revenue from co-products zircon rutile and mineral sands concentrate (50.4) (75.1) (84.5) (63.2) (85.8) Total cash costs less co-product revenue 91.2 76.2 72.1 94.8 103.9 Ilmenite product production tonnes 998 200 958 500 892 900 756 000 1 119 400 Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite $91 $79 $81 $125 $93Net cash/debt2017$m 2018$m 2019$m 2020$m 2021$m Bank debt (102.9) (83.5) (60.9) (145.8) (148.1) Transaction costs – – (6.6) (5.4) (3.8) Gross debt (102.9) (83.5) (67.5) (151.2) (151.9) Cash and cash equivalents 68.8 97.0 81.2 87.2 69.1 Net cash/(debt) (34.1) 13.5 13.7 (64.0) (82.8)GLOSSARY – TERMSTerm Description CIF The seller delivers when the goods pass the ship’s rail in the port of shipment. Seller must pay the cost and freight necessary to bring goods to named port of destination. Risk of loss and damage are the same as CFR. Seller also has to procure marine insurance against buyer’s risk of loss/damage during the carriage. Seller must clear the goods for export. This term can only be used for sea transport. CFR This term means the seller delivers when the goods pass the ship’s rail in port of shipment. Seller must pay the costs and freight necessary to bring the goods to the named port of destination  but the risks of loss or damage  as well as any additional costs due to events occurring after the time of delivery  are transferred from seller to buyer. Seller must clear goods for export. This term can only be used for sea transport. FOB Free on Board means that the seller delivers when the goods pass the ship’s rail at the named port of shipment. This means the buyer has to bear all costs and risks to the goods from that point. The seller must clear the goods for export. This term can only be used for sea transport. Free Cash Flow Free Cash Flow is the cash generated by the Group in a reporting period before distributions to shareholders. Group or Kenmare or the Company Kenmare Resources plc and its subsidiary undertakings. HMC Heavy mineral concentrate extracted from mineral sands deposits and which include ilmenite  zircon  rutile and other heavy minerals and silica. KMML Mozambique Branch Mozambique branch of Kenmare Moma Mining (Mauritius) Limited (KMML). KMPL Mozambique Branch Mozambique branch of Kenmare Moma Processing (Mauritius) Limited (KMPL). Lenders Absa Bank Limited (acting through its Corporate and Investment Banking Division) (“Absa”)  The Emerging Africa Infrastructure Fund (part of the Private Infrastructure Development Group (“PIDG”)) (“EAIF”)  Nedbank Limited (acting through its Nedbank Corporate and Investment Banking division) (“Nedbank”)  Rand Merchant Bank and Standard Bank Group (“Standard Bank”). Moma  Moma Mine or the Mine The Moma Titanium Minerals Mine consisting of a heavy mineral sands  processing facilities and associated infrastructure  which mine is located in the north east coast of Mozambique under licence to the Project Companies. Mine Closure Guarantee Facility $40 million debt facility dated 11 December 2019 between the Lenders and KMML Mozambique Branch and KMPL Mozambique Branch. MSP Mineral Separation Plant. Mtpa Million tonnes per annum. OIA Oman Investment Authority formerly the State General Reserve Fund of the Sultanate of Oman. Pre-Feasibility Study A feasibility study is an evaluation of a proposed mining project to determine whether the mineral resource can be mined economically. Pre-Feasibility Study is used to determine whether to proceed with a detailed feasibility study and to determine areas within the project that require more attention. Pre-Feasibility Studies are done by factoring known unit costs and by estimating gross dimensions or quantities once conceptual or preliminary engineering and mine design has been completed. Pre-Feasibility Studies have an accuracy within approximately 20-30%. Project Companies Kenmare Moma Mining (Mauritius) Limited and Kenmare Moma Processing (Mauritius) Limited  wholly owned subsidiary undertakings of Kenmare Resources plc  which are incorporated in Mauritius. Revolving Credit Facility $40 million debt facility dated 11 December 2019 between the Lenders and KMML Mozambique Branch and KMPL Mozambique Branch. TSR Total Shareholder Return is Kenmare Resources plc share price at the end of a reporting period adjusted for dividends paid in the period compared to share price at the beginning of the reporting period. Term Loan Facility $110 million debt facility dated 11 December 2019 between the Lenders and KMML Mozambique Branch and KMPL Mozambique Branch. THM Total heavy minerals in the ore of which ilmenite (typically 82%)  rutile (typically 2.0%) and zircon (typically 5.5%) total approximately 90%. WCP Wet Concentrator Plant. WCP A The original WCP which started production in 2007. WCP B The second WCP which started production in 2013. WCP C The third WCP which started production in 2020. WHIMS Wet High Intensity Magnetic Separation Plant.",neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,mixed,0.43,0.24,0.33,True,English,"['2020 Preliminary Results', 'Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate', 'short-term carbon reduction target', 'first Climate Strategy Report', 'total cash operating costs', 'Rotary Uninterruptible Power Supply', 'Irish Dividend Withholding Tax', 'net ilmenite unit costs', 'Moma Titanium Minerals Mine', 'annual run rate', 'Record annual HMC production', 'second Sustainability Report', 'lower unit costs', 'lower carbon emissions', 'operating cost reductions', 'new safety milestones', 'eight million hours', 'poor weather conditions', 'Heavy Mineral Concentrate', 'Net debt position', '9:00am UK time', '2021 dividend target payout', 'leading global producers', 'higher ore grades', 'stronger product pricing', 'Currency election date', 'higher average prices', 'continuing market strength', 'compelling shareholder returns', '$81.6 million share buy-back', 'Kenmare Resources plc', 'record production volumes', 'finished product production', 'power stability', 'Record date', 'product volumes', 'Global demand', 'record performance', 'higher co', 'product markets', 'primary product', 'ilmenite production', 'Ex-dividend date', 'AGM date', 'Payment date', 'interim dividend', 'final dividend', 'Dividend timetable', '2021 PRELIMINARY RESULTS', 'northern Mozambique', 'twelve months', 'Michael Carvill', 'Managing Director', 'record year', 'financial results', 'coming weeks', 'positive momentum', '2021 overview Financial', 'record shipments', 'Pilivili operations', 'COVID-19 management', 'higher EBITDA', 'depreciation charges', 'transshipment capacity', 'reduced usage', 'diesel generators', 'shareholder approval', 'conference call', 'institutional investors', 'Royal Institution', 'Great Britain', '21 Albemarle Street', 'W1S 4BS', 'product revenues', 'finished products', 'LSE:KMR', 'early March', '51% EBITDA margin', 'exemption form', 'investor briefing', 'The Company', 'Group', 'ISE', 'zircon', '31 December', 'Statement', 'fronts', 'lowest', 'Q1', 'track', '2022 guidance', 'addition', 'Board', 'ambition', 'light', 'line', 'profit', 'part', 'USc', 'October', 'June', '87% increase', '21% increase', '20% increase', '46% increase', 'repairs', 'maintenance', 'haulage', '18% decrease', 'tonne', '26% decrease', '182% increase', '669% increase', 'year-end', 'completion', 'Story', 'Operational', '30% increase', '48% increase', '51% increase', 'Commissioning', 'RUPS', 'benefits', 'terms', 'quarter', 'dates', 'April', 'noon', 'May', 'dividends', 'Registrar', 'Analyst', 'media', 'London', '2020']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1358,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/correction-2021-preliminary-results-071500154.html,Correction: 2021 Preliminary Results,Kenmare Resources plc (“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”) 23 March 2022 2021 PRELIMINARY RESULTS Kenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR)  one of the...,"Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc(“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”)23 March 20222021 PRELIMINARY RESULTSKenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR)  one of the leading global producers of titanium minerals and zircon  which operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine (the ""Mine"" or ""Moma"") in northern Mozambique  today announces its preliminary results for the twelve months to 31 December 2021.Statement from Michael Carvill  Managing Director:“2021 was a record year for Kenmare on all fronts. Our financial results were driven by record production volumes and higher average prices received for our products  with revenues up 87% and EBITDA up 182%. Following our lowest ever Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate in 2021  we have continued to achieve new safety milestones  passing eight million hours without a Lost Time Injury in early March 2022. Production in Q1 2022 has been impacted by poor weather conditions but we remain on track to achieve our 2022 guidance.We are pleased to be publishing our first Climate Strategy Report in the coming weeks  along with our second Sustainability Report. In addition to setting a short-term carbon reduction target  the Board has also approved our ambition to be Net Zero by 2040.The positive momentum we saw in all our product markets in 2021 has continued into 2022. Global demand for ilmenite  our primary product  continues to exceed supply and our production volumes are being well received by the market.In light of this continuing market strength and our record performance  the Board is recommending a 2021 dividend of USc32.71 per share  up from USc10.00 per share in 2020. This is in line with our 2021 dividend target payout of 25% of profit after tax and follows the $81.6 million share buy-back we completed in December as part of our strategy to deliver compelling shareholder returns.”2021 overviewFinancialRecommended 2021 dividend of $32.1 million or USc32.71 per share (2020: USc10.00)  up 227% on 2020  comprising an interim dividend of USc7.29 per share (paid in October 2021) and a final dividend of USc25.42 per share (expected to be paid in June 2022)87% increase in revenue to $455.9 million in 2021 (2020: $243.7 million)  driven by record shipments and a 21% increase in the average price received for Kenmare’s products20% increase in total cash operating costs to $189.7 million (2020: $158.0 million) as a result of a 46% increase in finished product production  plus increased costs relating to repairs and maintenance  Heavy Mineral Concentrate (“HMC”) haulage from the Pilivili operations  and COVID-19 management18% decrease in cash operating costs per tonne to $154 per tonne (2020: $188 per tonne)  benefitting from increased product volumes. 26% decrease in net ilmenite unit costs to $93 per tonne (2020: $125 per tonne)  due to increased ilmenite production and higher co-product revenues182% increase in EBITDA to $216.1 million (2020: $76.7 million)  due to increased production  stronger product pricing and lower unit costs  representing a 51% EBITDA margin (2020: 33%)669% increase in profit after tax to $128.5 million (2020: $16.7 million) due to higher EBITDA  partially offset by increased depreciation chargesNet debt position of $82.8 million at year-end 2021  compared to $64.0 million at year-end 2020  following the completion of the $81.6 million share buy-backStory continuesOperationalRecord annual HMC production of 1 555 900 tonnes  representing a 30% increase compared to 2020 (1 201 100 tonnes)  benefitting from increased tonnes mined and higher ore grades48% increase in ilmenite production to 1 119 400 tonnes (2020: 756 000 tonnes) benefitting from increased HMC processed51% increase in shipments of finished products to 1 285 300 tonnes (2020: 853 100 tonnes)  reflecting increased production and benefitting from improved transshipment capacityCommissioning commenced of Rotary Uninterruptible Power Supply (“RUPS”)  which is expected to deliver benefits in terms of power stability  operating cost reductions  and lower carbon emissions through reduced usage of diesel generatorsKenmare is on track to achieve 2022 guidance  although production in Q1 2022 is expected to be below the anticipated annual run rate due to poor weather conditions during the quarterDividend timetableThe Company confirms the dates for the 2021 final dividend are as follows:Ex-dividend date 28 April 2022 Record date 29 April 2022 Currency election date 4 May 2022 at noon AGM date for shareholder approval 26 May 2022 Payment date 1 June 2022Irish Dividend Withholding Tax (25%) must be deducted from dividends paid by the Company  unless a shareholder is entitled to an exemption and has submitted a properly completed exemption form to the Company’s Registrar.Analyst and investor briefing and conference callKenmare will host a briefing and a conference call for analysts  institutional investors  and media today at 9:00am UK time. The briefing will be held at the Royal Institution of Great Britain  21 Albemarle Street  London  W1S 4BS  UK and participant dial-in numbers for the conference call are as follows (a pin code is not required to access the call):UK: +442086103526 Ireland: +35315822030 US +12407892714The webcast will be available at www.kenmareresources.com and playback of the webcast will be available at: www.kenmareresources.com/investors/reports-and-presentations.Private investor webinarThere will also be a separate webinar for private investors today at 12:30 UK time. To access the webcast  please register in advance by clicking here.For further information  please contact:Kenmare Resources plcJeremy Dibb / Katharine SuttonInvestor Relationsir@kenmareresources.comTel: +353 1 671 0411Mob: +353 87 943 0367 / +353 87 663 0875Murray Group (PR advisor)Doug Keatingedkeatinge@murraygroup.ieTel: +353 1 498 0300Mob: +353 86 037 4163About Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc is one of the world’s largest producers of mineral sands products. Listed on the London Stock Exchange and the Euronext Dublin  Kenmare operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Moma’s production accounts for approximately 8% of global titanium feedstocks and the Group supplies to customers in more than 15 countries. Kenmare produces raw materials that are ultimately consumed in everyday “quality-of life” items such as paints  plastics and ceramic tiles.All monetary amounts refer to United States dollars unless otherwise indicated.Forward Looking StatementsThis announcement contains some forward-looking statements that represent Kenmare's expectations for its business  based on current expectations about future events  which by their nature involve risks and uncertainties. Kenmare believes that its expectations and assumptions with respect to these forward-looking statements are reasonable. However  because they involve risk and uncertainty  which are in some cases beyond Kenmare's control  actual results or performance may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information.CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENTDear shareholders 2021 was the first full year of operations at the high grade Pilivili ore zone  in addition to our original Namalope area. Significant increases in production and shipments were achieved  while our product markets exhibited strong demand throughout the year. As a result  revenue increased by 87% to $455.9 million  and profit after tax by 669% to $128.5 million  vindicating our strategy of investing in additional production capacity in anticipation of a tight market.As we began 2021  while we had largely completed the last of our three growth projects  operational effectiveness continued to be impacted by COVID-19. Our vaccination  testing  and quarantine protocols mitigated the worst effects of the virus  however  and we also achieved a truly outstanding safety performance. Nevertheless  we remain vigilant as the pandemic continues to evolve. The health and safety of our colleagues and host communities remain our highest priorities.Shareholder returnsKenmare committed to increase shareholder returns after the completion of the major capital projects executed during 2018-2020. Accordingly  we have recommended a dividend payout of 25% of profit after tax for 2021  higher than the 20% minimum policy. Subject to shareholder approval  our 2021 full year dividend will be USc32.71  an increase of 227% compared to 2020.Despite robust operational and financial performance  our share price during 2021 did not fully reflect Kenmare’s intrinsic value  and the Board concluded that a share buy-back was therefore a prudent use of capital. A share buy-back was completed in December 2021  returning $81.6 million to eligible shareholders while reducing the number of shares in issue by 13.5%.I am pleased that Kenmare has been able to return almost $100 million in aggregate to shareholders during 2021  through dividends and the share buy-back  whilst also maintaining a robust balance sheet.At the 2022 Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) Kenmare will ask shareholders to approve resolutions to implement an Odd-lot Offer at some point during the next 18 months. This will enable the Company to purchase  at a 5% premium  the shares held by eligible certificated shareholders who hold fewer than 200 shares in the Company. This will help small shareholders who would otherwise have difficulty selling their holdings due to disproportionate trading costs. Further details of the Odd-lot Offer scheme will be included in the Notice of AGM to be distributed to shareholders in due course.Outlook and strategyIn 2021 we benefitted from strong product markets for all our products and this positive momentum has continued into 2022. Our increased production has been well absorbed by our markets and demand for Kenmare ilmenite remains strong. However  the tragic conflict in Ukraine has created significant uncertainties in global trade routes and the wider economy. It is too soon to speculate on the overall effects on our business  but Ukraine is a significant supplier of titanium feedstocks  while lower global growth could reduce demand for our products.In 2025  Wet Concentrator Plant (“WCP”) A will move to the Nataka ore zone. Field tests of mining methods and planning studies are making good progress and a Pre-Feasibility Study for the move is expected to be completed later in 2022. This will include details of the mining method  relocation  provision of water and power  an HMC pumping system  and plans for tailings disposal.Our overall strategy is to operate responsibly to deliver long-life low-cost production  allocating capital efficiently  including towards developing accretive growth opportunities. The Kenmare team is committed to achieving these strategic goals  while also becoming a first quartile producer on the industry revenue to cost curve. Achievement of these long-term strategic goals will support further increases in free cash flow and higher dividends  as well as improving resilience in case of potential cyclical commodity market downturns.SustainabilityKenmare has always placed sustainability at the heart of its business practices  working responsibly to achieve ambitious environment  social  and governance goals. In 2021  we published our inaugural Sustainability Report  which set out guiding principles  together with some examples of our approach to responsible environmental management  and constructive community and other stakeholder relations. We will publish our second Sustainability Report in the coming weeks  including commentary on our performance against public sustainability targets for the first time.The Board has ratified an inaugural Climate Policy and we will shortly publish our first Climate Strategy Report  aligned with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”).During 2021 we launched a Portuguese version of our corporate website to ensure all information is easily accessible for Mozambicans. For the second consecutive year  we were pleased to be named as the most transparent extractive industry company in Mozambique by the Centre for Public Integrity’s Extractive Industry Transparency Index.Board developmentIn 2021  an external performance evaluation of the Board and all of its Committees was conducted by Board Excellence  in accordance with the provisions of the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code. I am pleased to report that the evaluation concluded that Kenmare’s Board operates efficiently  “with a deep commitment to do the right thing and excel on behalf of shareholders  employees and stakeholders.” A summary of outcomes and actions from the evaluation will be published in our 2021 Annual Report.A number of important changes in the composition of the Board took place during the year  and further changes will occur in 2022 when I plan to retire  after nine years on Kenmare’s Board  almost eight of them as Chairman.Gabriel Smith  Tim Keating  and Peter Bacchus stepped down and I would like to thank them sincerely for their important contributions to Kenmare’s success in recent years. Graham Martin has assumed the role of Senior Independent Director following Peter’s departure.In March 2021  we were pleased to welcome Sameer Oundhakar to replace Tim as the representative Director of our largest shareholder  African Acquisition S.à.r.l.  an investment vehicle owned by the Oman Investment Authority.In October 2021  we announced that Mette Dobel had agreed to join the Board as an independent Non-Executive Director effective 1 January 2022. Her significant leadership experience both as a senior executive and director of FLSmidth A/S  at the cutting edge of mining technology and automation  will be invaluable as we strive to achieve further operational efficiencies and build a positive social and environmental legacy.In December 2021  Andrew Webb joined the Board as an independent Non-Executive Director and Chair Designate. Andrew brings extensive natural resources and financial advisory experience  having previously served as a Managing Director at Rothschild & Co in the Global Advisory team  where he worked for 25 years. I have enjoyed working with him through the transition period and am confident that Andrew’s skills and enormous mining industry and finance experience position him well to play a key role in driving the future success of the business.I plan to step down following the 2022 AGM and Andrew will become Chairman. I look forward with confidence to Andrew and the rest of the Board taking Kenmare to even higher levels of achievement in future yearsAfter these changes  the composition of the Board will provide a strong and diverse mix of talents  skills and experience  well suited to the business and challenges ahead  while achieving our gender diversity target with female Directors representing one third of the Board.AcknowledgementsI would like to end my final statement as Chairman by thanking all of Kenmare’s key stakeholders for their support and commitment to the Company and the Board  not only during the unprecedented challenges we have all experienced during the past two years of COVID-19 disruption  but also throughout my nine-year tenure. I look back on the Company’s achievements with a sense of pride and I am pleased to be leaving Kenmare in the strongest position in its history.It has been a privilege to work with my fellow Board members  and particularly Michael Carvill who founded the company and has led it selflessly and courageously for more than 20 years. Kenmare has an outstanding management team and a remarkable workforce. I feel privileged to have worked with such a talented group and I will follow the Company’s continued progress with keen interest.With capacity to deliver 1.2 million tonnes per annum (“Mtpa”) of ilmenite on a sustainable basis  buoyant product markets  and a first class team  I am confident that Kenmare will continue to generate value for all stakeholders in 2022 and beyond.Steven McTiernanChairmanMANAGING DIRECTOR’S STATEMENTKenmare delivered a record year for safety  production  and shipments in 2021. The Company demonstrated its resilience and agility  protecting our employees and host communities against a second year of heightened risk due to COVID-19. I would like to thank all our team for their hard work and dedication  particularly during H1 2021 when we faced huge challenges as a result of the virus.Our record operational performance in 2021 was supported by strong market conditions for all our products. We increased production of ilmenite  our main product  by almost 50% compared to 2020 and this was well received by the product market  with quarter-on-quarter price increases. This enabled us to generate EBITDA of $216.1 million  up 182% on 2020  and gave us the confidence to return almost $100 million to shareholders during the year  increasing our 2021 dividend payout to 25% of profit after tax  above the 20% minimum policy  and completing a share buy-back of 13.5% of our issued share capital.We are targeting production of 1.2 Mtpa of ilmenite  plus co-products  on a sustainable basis and reduced unit costs. We remain focused on delivering strong free cash flow and shareholder returns  while continuing to raise the standards to which we hold ourselves in terms of environment  social  and governance performance. We believe we are achieving our purpose of responsibly meeting global demand for quality-of-life minerals.SafetyIt is testimony to our strong safety culture that Kenmare reported its best ever safety performance in 2021. This achievement is particularly significant given the additional pressure put on our mining operations by COVID-19  which had the potential to increase safety risks.We delivered our lowest ever Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate of 0.03 per 200 000 hours worked for the 12 months to 31 December 2021  which also represented more than six million hours worked without a Lost Time Injury (“LTI”) and an 88% reduction compared to 2020. Our Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (“TRIFR”) relative to the 2020 International Council on Mining and Metals TRIFR was in the top quintile. On 6 January 2022 we achieved one year without a LTI and we are working hard to maintain this record performance. We also retained our five-star NOSA safety accreditation for the sixth consecutive year.SustainabilityOur commitment to working responsibly is enshrined in Kenmare’s purpose and we are particularly focused on protecting our employees and our host communities in Mozambique. In mid-2021 we began vaccinating our workforce against COVID-19 and by the end of the year  96% had been double vaccinated. We also donated 12 000 vaccines to local communities.Through the Kenmare Moma Development Association (“KMAD”)  we completed the construction of a new health centre for the communities living near our Pilivili operations and constructed seven school blocks in the Namalope and Pilivili areas. By the end of the year  over 1 000 farmers were registered in our Conservation Agriculture programme to improve crop yields and 75 small businesses were benefitting from KMAD support.We recognise the role and responsibility all businesses must take in reducing global greenhouse gas emissions and as such  in December 2021  the Board approved Kenmare’s Climate Policy. We will publish our first Climate Strategy Report in the coming weeks  which follows recommendations made by the TCFD. We have an ambition of becoming Net Zero (Scope 1 and 2) by 2040  with a short-term carbon emissions reduction target of 12% by 2024  contingent on receiving a reliable power supply from the Mozambican state power provider  Electricidade de Moçambique.In early 2021 we approved the development of a RUPS. It is expected to deliver increased power stability for the Mineral Separation Plant  an important risk mitigation measure  and is anticipated to be the main contributor towards our reduced emissions through lower diesel consumption. At an estimated cost of $18 million  the RUPS is a Net Present Value positive project  using conservative assumptions  and commissioning commenced in Q1 2022.We also continued to invest in our people. The Moma workforce received 21 100 hours of training during the year as we believe that providing continuous development opportunities is key to attracting and retaining the best people and maintaining our strong safety culture. At the end of 2021  we had 1 551 employees at the Moma Mine and over 97% of them were Mozambican  with 70% from the local district or province. 12.5% of our Moma employees were women  compared with 10.6% in 2020  reflecting our successful initiatives to encourage women to join and remain in our workforce.Operational performance2021 was a record year for production and the first time we have produced more than one million tonnes of ilmenite. Total production of finished products was up 46% compared to 2020  driven by the higher ore grades mined in Pilivili by WCP B following its relocation in Q3 2020. We achieved Moma’s nameplate capacity of 1.2 Mtpa ilmenite production in Q3 2021  which set a new quarterly production record  and demonstrated our ability to produce at our targeted rate. We are now focused on achieving this run rate on a consistent basis. 2021 was also a record year for shipments  which were up 51% compared to 2020.We achieved this compelling performance despite the impact of COVID-19 on our operations  particularly in H1 2021. Ilmenite production was below the midpoint of guidance due to the challenges of operating with a reduced workforce  including senior management  and power supply disruptions in Q4. Operating costs per tonne were 3% above the top end of our guidance range due mainly to additional costs associated with repairs and maintenance  HMC haulage  and COVID-19 management. In 2022  we will look to progress towards becoming a first quartile producer on the industry revenue to cost curve.Product marketKenmare is the world’s largest supplier of ilmenite and the Moma Mine is one of the largest titanium minerals deposits globally. The titanium feedstocks we produce are principally used to make pigment  which is essential for imparting whiteness and opacity in the production of paints  paper  plastic  and a range of other items we use in our everyday lives.2021 was a strong year for all of Kenmare’s product markets  with increased volumes sold at a 21% higher average price than in 2020. Robust demand for titanium feedstocks  like ilmenite  was driven primarily by global pigment production reaching a record high and the titanium metal market improving. Following softer demand in 2020  the market for zircon  our main co-product  stabilised in Q1 2021 and then saw price increases throughout the remainder of 2021. The positive pricing momentum for all our products has continued into 2022  with global inventories remaining low.OutlookAlthough the pandemic continued to create huge challenges in 2021  I believe we have built a stronger business. The past two years have shown us what we are all capable of  particularly when we pull together and look out for each other. I would like to thank all our stakeholders  particularly those in Mozambique  for their invaluable support.I would also like to thank Steven McTiernan for his outstanding contribution to Kenmare. He led the Company as Chairman during a period of significant change  providing constructive challenge  wise counsel  and strong support. I look forward to working with Andrew Webb and ensuring we continue to deliver positive returns and create value for all our stakeholders.As we look to the months and years ahead  we know we have a lot of hard work ahead of us to live up to our strategy of operating responsibly  delivering long-life  low-cost production  and allocating capital efficiently  including developing accretive growth opportunities. However  we can be proud that our operations are safe and performing well  our balance sheet is strong  our product markets are tight  and our employees have proven they can succeed even in the most difficult conditions.Michael CarvillManaging DirectorUNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOMEFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021Notes 2021$’000 2020$’000 Revenue 2 455 944 243 746 Cost of sales 4 (244 986) (179 103) Gross profit 210 958 64 643 Other operating costs 5 (57 977) (30 250) Operating profit 152 981 34 393 Finance income 6 265 642 Finance costs 7 (12 053) (11 301) Foreign exchange loss (3 897) (980) Profit before tax 137 296 22 754 Income tax expense 8 (8 770) (6 015) Profit for the financial year and total comprehensive income for the financial year 128 526 16 739 Attributable to equity holders 128 526 16 739 $ per share $ per share Profit per share: Basic 9 1.18 0.15 Profit per share: Diluted 9 1.16 0.15The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITIONAS AT 31 DECEMBER 2021Notes 2021$’000 2020$’000 Assets Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 10 954 558 958 508 Right of use assets 11 2 136 3 220 Deferred tax asset - 202 956 694 961 930 Current assets Inventories 60 219 63 670 Trade and other receivables 12 74 747 29 915 Cash and cash equivalents 13 69 057 87 244 204 023 180 829 Total assets 1 160 717 1 142 759 Equity Capital and reserves attributable to the Company’s equity holders Called-up share capital 14 104 120 Share premium 545 950 545 950 Other reserves 230 539 231 350 Retained earnings 154 050 123 083 Total equity 930 643 900 503 Liabilities Non-current liabilities Bank loans 15 74 757 144 554 Lease liabilities 11 971 2 028 Provisions 16 38 999 40 430 114 727 187 012 Current liabilities Bank loans 15 73 342 1 217 Lease liabilities 11 1 207 1 360 Trade and other payables 32 768 50 122 Current tax liabilities 4 808 1 631 Provisions 16 3 222 914 115 347 55 244 Total liabilities 230 074 242 256 Total equity and liabilities 1 160 717 1 142 759The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITYFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021Called-Up ShareCapital$’000 SharePremium$’000 RetainedEarnings$’000 Undenominated Capital$’000 Share-Based PaymentReserve$’000 Total$’000 Balance at 1 January 2020 215 046 545 729 93 851 11 336 25 866 891 828 Total comprehensive income for the year Profit for the financial year – – 16 739 – – 16 739 Total comprehensive income for the year – – 16 739 – – 16 739 Transactions with owners of the Company Share-based payments – – – – 530 530 Unvested and expired share-based payments – – 21 087 – (21 087) – Shares issued – 221 – – (221) – Deferred shares cancelled (214 926) – – 214 926 – – Dividends paid – – (8 594) – – (8 594) Total contributions and distributions (214 926) 221 12 493 214 926 (20 778) (8 064) Balance at 1 January 2021 120 545 950 123 083 226 262 5 088 900 503 Total comprehensive income for the year Profit for the financial year - - 128 526 - - 128 526 Total comprehensive income for the year - - 128 526 - - 128 526 Transactions with owners of the Company Share-based payments - - - - 1 137 1 137 Unvested and expired share-based payments - - 1 964 - (1 964) - Share buy back (16) - (81 589) 16 - (81 589) Share buy back transaction costs - - (1 540) - - (1 540) Dividends paid - - (16 394) - - (16 394) Total contributions and distributions (16) - (97 559) 16 (827) (98 386) Balance at 31 December 2021 104 545 950 154 050 226 278 4 261 930 643UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021Notes 2021$’000 2020$’000 Cashflows from operating activities Profit for the financial year after tax 128 526 16 739 Adjustment for: Foreign exchange movement 3 897 980 Share-based payments 3 420 1 759 Finance income 6 (265) (642) Finance costs 7 12 053 11 301 Income tax expense 8 8 770 6 015 Depreciation 10/11 63 136 42 294 219 537 78 446 Change in: Provisions 16 2 372 614 Inventories 3 451 (11 824) Trade and other receivables (44 832) 10 536 Trade and other payables (15 681) 10 675 Cost of equity-settled share-based payments (2 283) (1 229) Cash generated from operating activities 162 564 87 218 Income tax paid (6 284) (8 498) Interest received 265 642 Interest paid (7 147) (7 474) Factoring and other fees 7 (1 431) (720) Debt commitments fees paid 7 (161) (317) Net cash from operating activities 147 806 70 851 Investing activities Additions to property  plant and equipment 10 (60 342) (139 347) Net cash used in investing activities (60 342) (139 347) Financing activities Dividends paid (16 394) (8 594) Share buy back 14 (81 589) - Share buy back transaction costs 14 (1 540) - Drawdown of debt 15 20 000 82 742 Repayment of debt 15 (20 000) - Payment of lease liabilities 15 (1 449) (1 065) Net cash generated (used in)/from financing activities (100 972) 73 083 Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (13 508) 4 587 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year 87 244 81 177 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (4 679) 1 480 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year 13 69 057 87 244UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 20211. Statement of accounting policiesKenmare Resources plc (the “Company”) is domiciled in the Republic of Ireland. The Company’s registered address is Styne House  Hatch Street Upper  Dublin 2. The Company has a premium listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and a secondary listing on Euronext Dublin. These unaudited consolidated financial statements comprise the Company and its subsidiary undertakings (the “Group”). The principal activity of the Group is the operation and further development of the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique.On 22 March 2022  the Directors approved the preliminary results for publication. While the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021  from which the preliminary results have been extracted  are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union  these preliminary results do not contain sufficient information to comply with IFRS. The Directors expect to publish on 7 April 2022 the full financial statements that comply with IFRS as adopted by the European Union.The auditor  KPMG  has not yet issued their audit opinion on the financial statements in respect of the year ended 31 December 2021. The financial information included within this unaudited preliminary results statement for the year ended 31 December 2021 does not constitute the statutory financial statements of the Group within the meaning of section 293 of the Companies Act 2014. The Group financial information in this preliminary statement for the year ended 31 December 2021 is unaudited. A copy of the statutory financial statements in respect of the year ended 31 December 2021 will be annexed to the next annual return and filed with the Registrar of Companies.The Group financial information for the year ended 31 December 2020 included in this preliminary statement represents an abbreviated version of the Group’s financial statements for that year. The statutory financial statements for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020  upon which the auditor  KPMG  has issued an unqualified opinion  were annexed to the annual return of the Company and filed with the Registrar of Companies.None of the new and revised standards and interpretations which are effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021  have a material effect on the Group’s financial statements.Going concernThe Directors have evaluated the appropriateness of the going concern basis in preparing the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements for a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval of these financial statements (the ‘period of assessment’). The evaluation is based on the Group’s cash flow forecast (“the Group Forecast”).The Group Forecast has been prepared by management with best estimates of production  pricing and cost assumptions over the period of assessment. The Group recognises the principal risks which can impact on the outcome of the Group Forecast and have therefore applied sensitivity analysis to the assumptions to test the robustness of the cash flow forecast for changes in market prices  shipments  operating and capital cost assumptions.Changes in these assumptions affect the level of sales and profitability of the Group and the amount of capital required to deliver the projected production levels. Debt covenants are complied with and Group liquidity is maintained  although at lower levels  in each of these scenarios.Having assessed the principal risks facing the Group  together with the Group’s cash flow forecast  the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources for the foreseeable future and can continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the annual financial statements.UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 20212. Revenue2021$’000 2020$’000 Sale of mineral products 455 944 243 746During the financial year  the Group sold 1 285 300 tonnes (2020: 853 100 tonnes) of finished products ilmenite  rutile  zircon and concentrates to customers at a sales value of $455.9 million (2020: $243.7 million). The principal categories for disaggregating revenue are by product type and by country of the customer’s location. The product types are ilmenite  zircon  rutile and concentrates. Concentrates includes secondary zircon and mineral sands concentrates.Revenue from major products2021$’000 2020$’000 Ilmenite 359 135 175 587 Zircon 87 372 45 708 Concentrates 5 529 16 320 Rutile 3 908 6 131 Total 455 944 243 746Geographical informationIn the following table  revenue is disaggregated by primary geographical market. The Group allocates revenue from external customers to individual countries and discloses revenues in each country where revenues represent 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue. Where total disclosed revenue disaggregated by country constitutes less than 75% of total Group revenue  additional disclosures are made on a region basis until at least 75% of the Group’s disaggregated revenue is disclosed. There were no individual countries within Europe or the Rest of the World with revenues amounting to greater than $46 million during the year.2021$’000 2020$’000 Revenue from external customers China 222 351 107 824 Europe 81 754 61 697 USA 44 312 19 955 Rest of the world 107 527 54 270 Total 455 944 243 746Information about major customers2021$’000 2020$’000 Revenue from external customers Largest customer 65 500 40 299 Second largest customer 62 285 32 979 Third largest customer 50 642 30 179 Fourth largest customer 42 029 24 725 Total 220 456 128 182All Group revenues from external customers are generated by the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique  the non-current assets of which are $952.2 million (2020: $959.7 million). Sales to and from Ireland were $nil (2020: $nil) in the year.UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 20213. Segment reportingInformation on the operations of the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique is reported to the Group’s Board for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance. Information regarding the Group’s operating segment is reported below.Segment revenues and results2021$’000 2020$’000 Moma Titanium Minerals Mine Revenue 455 944 243 746 Cost of sales (244 986) (179 103) Gross profit 210 958 64 643 Other operating costs (44 596) (24 441) Segment operating profit 166 362 40 202 Other corporate operating costs (13 381) (5 809) Group operating profit 152 981 34 393 Finance income 265 642 Finance expenses (12 053) (11 301) Foreign exchange loss (3 897) (980) Profit before tax 137 296 22 754 Income tax expense (8 770) (6 015) Profit for the financial year 128 526 16 739 Segment assets Moma Titanium Minerals Mine assets 1 153 919 1 101 808 Corporate assets 6 798 40 951 Total assets 1 160 717 1 142 759 Segment liabilities Moma Titanium Minerals Mine liabilities 225 853 236 695 Corporate liabilities 4 221 5 561 Total liabilities 230 074 242 256 Other segment information Depreciation Moma Titanium Minerals Mine 62 841 41 958 Corporate 295 336 Total 63 136 42 294 Additions to non-current assets Moma Titanium Minerals Mine 60 342 141 466 Corporate - – Total 60 342 141 466Corporate assets consist of the Company’s and other subsidiary undertakings’ property  plant and equipment including right-of-use assets  cash and cash equivalents and prepayments at the reporting date. Corporate liabilities consist of trade and other payables at the reporting date.4. Cost of sales2021$’000 2020$’000 Opening stock of mineral products 31 373 26 493 Production costs 179 214 146 431 Depreciation 56 426 37 552 Closing stock of mineral products (22 027) (31 373) Total 244 986 179 103UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 20214. Cost of sales (continued)Mineral products consist of finished products and heavy mineral concentrate as detailed. Mineral stock movement in the year was a decrease of $9.3 million (2020: $4.9 million decrease). Included in production costs are $0.4 million (2020: $0.1 million) share-based payments relating to staff of the mine.5. Other operating costs2021$’000 2020$’000 Distribution costs 11 631 9 820 Freight and demurrage costs 37 248 14 185 Administration costs 9 098 6 245 Total 57 977 30 250Distribution costs of $11.6 million (2020: $9.8 million) represent the cost of running the Mine’s finished product storage  jetty and marine fleet. Included in distribution costs is depreciation of $6.4 million (2020: $4.4 million). Freight costs of $35.4 million (2020: $12.2 million) arise from sales to customers on a CIF or CFR basis. Demurrage costs were $1.8 million (2020: $2.0 million) during the financial year. Administration costs of $9.1 million (2020: $6.2 million) include depreciation of $0.3 million (2020: $0.3 million) and a share-based payment expense of $3.0 million (2020: $1.7 million).6. Finance income2021$’000 2020$’000 Interest on bank deposits 265 6427. Finance costs2021$’000 2020$’000 Interest on bank borrowings 9 475 9 288 Interest on lease liabilities 239 312 Factoring and other fees 1 431 720 Commitment and other fees 161 317 Unwinding of discount on mine closure provision 747 664 Total 12 053 11 301All interest has been expensed in the financial year. In 2021  the Group changed the classification of cashflows in the Consolidated Statement of Cashflows arising from fees associated with the use of the ABSA and Barclay’s financing facilities in order to disclose separately.UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 20218. Income tax expense2021$’000 2020$’000 Corporation tax 8 770 5 748 Deferred tax - 267 Total 8 770 6 015 Reconciliation of effective tax rate Profit before tax 137 296 22 754 Profit before tax multiplied by the applicable tax rate (12.5%) 17 162 2 844 Non-deductible expenses 331 315 Differences in effective tax rates on overseas earnings (8 723) 2 589 Recognition of deferred tax asset - 267 Total 8 770 6 015During the year  Kenmare Moma Mining Limited - Mozambique Branch had taxable profits of $16.2 million (2020: $16.4 million) resulting in an income tax expense of $5.7 million (2020: $5.7 million) being recognised. The income tax rate applicable to taxable profits of KMML Mozambique Branch is 35% (2020: 35%).Kenmare Moma Mining Limited - Mozambique Branch has elected  and the fiscal regime applicable to mining allows for  the option to deduct  as an allowable deduction  depreciation of exploration and development expense and capital expenditure over the life of mine. Tax losses may be carried forward for three years. There are no tax losses carried forward at 31 December 2021.During the year  Kenmare Resources plc had taxable profits of $8.5 million (2020: $4.2 million) resulting in an income tax expense of $3.1 million.9. Earnings per shareThe calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the Company is based on the following data:2021$’000 2020$’000 Profit for the financial year attributable to equity holders of the Company 128 526 16 7392021Number of shares 2020Number of shares Weighted average number of issued ordinary shares for the purpose of basic earnings per share 108 843 459 109 709 003 Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares: Share awards 2 185 857 1 993 422 Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purposes of diluted earnings per share 111 029 316 111 702 425UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 20219. Earnings per share (continued)$ per share $ per share Earnings per share: basic 1.18 0.15 Earnings per share: diluted 1.16 0.15The denominator for the purposes of calculating both basic and diluted earnings per share has been adjusted to reflect shares acquired during the year.10. Property  plant and equipmentPlant &Equipment$’000 DevelopmentExpenditure$’000 ConstructionIn Progress$’000 OtherAssets$’000 Total$’000 Cost At 1 January 2020 814 258 250 326 88 170 67 249 1 220 003 Additions during the financial year 1 831 139 635 141 466 Transfer from construction in progress 171 004 (355) (175 389) 4 740 - Disposals (2 209) (8 875) (11 084) Adjustment to mine closure cost 10 972 10 972 At 31 December 2020 995 856 249 971 52 416 63 114 1 361 357 Additions during the financial year 784 - 59 558 - 60 342 Transfer from construction in progress 29 586 8 201 (50 544) 12 757 - Disposals (6 557) - - (11 440) (17 997) Adjustment to mine closure cost (2 240) - - - (2 240) At 31 December 2021 1 017 429 258 172 61 430 64 431 1 401 462 Accumulated Depreciation At 1 January 2020 208 506 130 626 - 33 143 372 275 Charge for the financial year 25 992 4 527 - 10 688 41 207 Disposals (2 057) - - (8 576) (10 633) At 31 December 2020 232 441 135 153 - 35 255 402 849 Charge for the financial year 44 229 6 336 - 11 487 62 052 Disposals (6 557) - - (11 440) (17 997) At 31 December 2021 270 113 141 489 - 35 302 446 904 Carrying Amount At 31 December 2021 747 316 116 683 61 430 29 129 954 558 At 31 December 2020 763 415 114 818 52 416 27 859 958 508In 2021  the Group changed the classification of right of use assets in order to discloses separately from property  plant and equipment in Note 11. An adjustment to the mine closure cost of $2.2 million (2020: $11.0 million) was made during the year as a result of an update in the discount rate as detailed in Note 16.At each reporting date  the Group assesses whether there is any indication that property  plant and equipment may be impaired. The Group considers the relationship between its market capitalisation and its book value  among other factors  when reviewing for indicators for impairment. As at 31 December 2021  the market capitalisation of the Group was below the book value of net assets which is considered an indicator of impairment of assets. The Group carried out an impairment review of property  plant and equipment as at 31 December 2021. As a result of the review and given the performance and outlook of the Group no impairment provision was recognised in the current financial year. No impairment was recognised in the prior financial year. Given the historic volatility in product pricing and sensitivities of the forecast to the discount rate and to a lesser extent operating costs  the impairment loss of $64.8 million which was recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income in 2014 was not reversed.The cash-generating unit for the purpose of impairment testing is the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine. The basis on which the Mine is assessed is its value-in-use. The cash flow forecast employed for the value-in-use computation is from a life of mine financial model. The recoverable amount obtained from the financial model represents the present value of the future discounted pre-tax  pre-finance cash flows discounted at 10.5% (2020: 10.0%).UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202110. Property  plant and equipment (continued)Key assumptions include the following:• The discount rate is based on the Group’s weighted average cost of capital. This rate is a best estimate of the current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the Mine  taking into consideration country risk  currency risk and price risk. The factors making up the cost of equity  cost of debt and capital structure have changed from the prior year review (in particular the risk-free rate) resulting in a discount rate of 10.5% (2020: 10.0%). The Group’s estimation of the country risk premium included in the discount rate has remained unchanged from the prior year. The Group does not consider it appropriate to apply the full current country risk premium for Mozambique to the calculation of the Group’s weighted average cost of capital as it believes the specific circumstances which have resulted in the risk premium increase over the past number of years are not relevant to the specific circumstances of the Moma Mine. Hence  country risk premium applicable to the calculation of the cost of equity has been adjusted accordingly. Using a discount rate of 10.5%  the recoverable amount is greater than the carrying amount by $384.0 million (2020: $260.2 million). The discount rate is a significant factor in determining the recoverable amount. A 5.8% increase in the discount rate to 16.3% reduces the recoverable amount by $384 million. The increase in the recoverable amount from the prior year is a result of increased cash flows over the life of mine due to the factors detailed below partially offset by an increase in the discount rate from 10.0% to 10.5%.• A mine plan is based on the Namalope  Nataka  Pilivili and Mualadi proved probable reserves and resources. Specific resource material is included only where there is a high degree of confidence in its economic extraction. The Mine life assumption of 40 years has not changed from the prior year review. Average annual production is approximately 1.2 million tonnes (2020: 1.2 million tonnes) of ilmenite and co-products zircon  rutile and concentrates over the life of the Mine and remains unchanged from the prior year review. This mine plan does not include investment in additional mining capacity. Certain minimum stocks of final and intermediate products are assumed to be maintained at period ends.• Product sales prices are based on contract prices as stipulated in marketing agreements with customers  or where contracts are based on market prices or production is not currently contracted  prices are forecast by the Group taking into account independent titanium mineral sands expertise provided by TiPMC Solutions and management expectations including general inflation of 2% per annum. Forecast prices provided by TiPMC Solutions have been reviewed and found to be consistent with other external sources of information. Average forecast product sales prices have increased over the life of mine from the prior year end review as a result of revised forecast pricing. A 12% reduction in average sales prices over the life of mine reduces the recoverable amount by $384.0 million.• Operating costs are based on approved budget costs for 2022 taking into account the current running costs of the Mine and estimated forecast inflation for 2022. From 2023 onwards operating costs are escalated by 2% per annum. Average forecast operating costs have increased from the prior year end review as a result of increased production and inflation. A 14% increase in operating costs over the life of mine reduces the recoverable amount by $384.0 million.• Capital costs are based on a life of mine capital plan including inflation at 2% per annum from 2022. Average forecast capital costs have increased from the prior year end review based on updated sustaining and development capital plans required to maintain the existing plant over the life of mine. The forecast takes into account reasonable cost increases and therefore a sensitivity to this assumption which would give rise to a reduction in the recoverable amount has not been applied.11. Right of use assets and lease liabilitiesPlant & Equipment$’000 Land and Buildings$’000 Total$’000 At 1 January 2020 2 491 1 816 4 307 Depreciation expense (831) (256) (1 087) At 31 December 2020 1 660 1 560 3 220 Depreciation expense (830) (254) (1 084) At 31 December 2021 830 1 306 2 136On 1 January 2019  the Group recognised lease liabilities of $5.0 million in respect of right-of-use assets being its head office at Styne House  Dublin and the electricity generators at the Mine. The Styne House lease has a term of ten years commencing August 2017 and rental payments are fixed for five years. This lease obligation is denominated in Euros.The lease for the electricity generators was renewed in November 2017 for a five-year period and rental payments are fixed for the five years. This lease obligation is denominated in US Dollars.UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202111. Right of use assets and lease liabilities (continued)In February 2019  the Group recognised a lease liability of $0.4 million for its Mozambican country office in Maputo. The lease has a seven-year term commencing February 2019 and rental payments are fixed for seven years. This lease obligation is denominated in US Dollars. The Group has discounted lease payments using its incremental borrowing rates. The weighted average rate applied is 7%.At each reporting date  the Company assesses whether there is any indication that right of use assets may be impaired. No impairment indicators were identified as at 31 December 2021 or 31 December 2020.Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities at each reporting date:2021$’000 2020$’000 Current 1 207 1 360 Non-current 971 2 028 Total 2 178 3 388The consolidated income statement includes the following amounts relating to leases:2021$’000 2020$’000 Depreciation expense 1 084 1 087 Interest expense on lease labilities 239 312 Total 1 323 1 39912. Trade and other receivables2021$’000 2020$’000 Trade receivables 66 204 23 112 VAT receivable 790 - Prepayments 7 753 6 803 Total 74 747 29 91513. Cash and cash equivalents2021$’000 2020$’000 Cash and cash equivalents 69 057 87 244Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances held for the purposes of meeting short-term cash commitments and investments which are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value. Where investments are categorised as cash equivalents  the related balances have a maturity of three months or less from the date of investment.UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202114. Called-up share capital2021€’000 2020€’000 Authorised share capital 181 000 000 ordinary shares of €0.001 each 181 181 181 1812021$’000 2020$’000 Allotted  called up and fully paid Opening balance 109 736 382 (2020: 109 657 480) ordinary shares of €0.001 each 120 120 Nil (2019: 2 781 905 503) deferred shares of €0.059995 each – 214 926 Total called-up share capital 120 215 046 Issued during the year Nil (2020: 78 902) ordinary shares of €0.001 each – – Acquired and cancelled14 814 412 (2020: Nil) ordinary shares of €0.001 each (16) - Nil (2020: 2 781 905 503) deferred shares of €0.059995 each – (214 926) Closing balance 94 921 970 (2020: 109 736 382) ordinary shares of €0.001 each 104 120 Total called-up share capital 104 120No ordinary shares were issued during the year (2020: 78 902).On 10 December 2021  under the authority granted at the Company’s extraordinary general meeting held on 9 December 2021 and in accordance with Section 105(1) and Section 106(1) of the Companies Act 2014 and article 47 and article 48 of the Articles of Association  the Company completed a tender offer buyback of 14 814 412 Ordinary shares of €0.001 each in the capital of the Company representing 13.5% of the then called up share capital of the Company for a total cash consideration of $81.6 million. All ordinary shares acquired by the Company were subsequently cancelled. Transaction costs associated with the transaction amounted to $1.5 million and were accounted for as a deduction from retained earnings.On 10 March 2020  the Company acquired and cancelled all of the 2 781 905 503 deferred shares of €0.059995 each in the capital of the Company in issue by transfer otherwise than for valuable consideration in accordance with Section 102(1)(a) and Section 106(1) of the Companies Act 2014 and Article 3(b) of the Articles of Association of the Company. At the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 13 May 2020  all of the unissued deferred shares of €0.059995 each in the capital of the Company were cancelled.UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202115. Bank loans2021$’000 2020$’000 Borrowings 148 099 145 771 The borrowings are repayable as follows: Less than one year 73 342 1 217 Between two and five years 78 572 150 000 More than five years - - 151 914 151 217 Transaction costs (3 815) (5 446) Total carrying amount 148 099 145 771BorrowingsOn 11 December 2019  the Group entered into debt facilities with Absa Bank Limited (acting through its Corporate and Investment Banking Division) (“Absa”)  The Emerging Africa Infrastructure Fund (part of the Private Infrastructure Development Group) (“EAIF”)  Nedbank Limited (acting through its Nedbank Corporate and Investment Banking division) (“Nedbank”)  Rand Merchant Bank and Standard Bank Group (“Standard Bank”).The debt facilities comprise a $110 million Term Loan Facility and a $40 million Revolving Credit Facility that share common terms and a common security package. The finance documentation also contemplates a Mine Closure Guarantee Facility (provided by either the existing lenders or other finance providers) of up to $40 million  with the provider(s) of such a facility sharing in the common security package. The potential total aggregate principal amount of indebtedness secured under the finance documentation is therefore $190 million. The transaction costs for arrangement of the debt facilities amounted to $6.5 million.The Term Loan Facility has a final maturity date of 11 March 2025. Interest is at LIBOR plus 5.40% per annum. Repayment is in seven equal semi-annual instalments  beginning 11 March 2022.The Revolving Credit Facility has a final maturity date of 11 December 2022 extendable by up to 24 months at the lenders’ discretion. Interest is at LIBOR plus 5.00% per annum.During the period the Group entered into a mine closure guarantee with Absa Bank Moçambique SA for $11.4 million. This guarantee shares the security package with the Term Loan Facility and Revolving Credit Facility on a pro rata and pari passu basis.The security package consists of (a) security over the Group’s bank accounts (subject to certain exceptions)  (b) pledges of the shares of Kenmare Moma Processing (Mauritius) Limited and Kenmare Moma Mining (Mauritius) Limited (the “Project Companies”)  (c) security over intercompany loans and (d) Mozambican law security interests over certain rights and agreements with Mozambican authorities  including over the Implementation Agreement  the Mineral Licensing Contract and the Mining Licence.The carrying amount of the secured bank accounts of the Group was $66.9 million as at 31 December 2021 (2020:$87.0 million). The shares of the Project Companies and intercompany loans are not included in the consolidated statement of financial position as they are eliminated on consolidation. They therefore do not have a carrying amount but  upon enforcement of the pledges on behalf of the lender group  the shares in the Project Companies would cease to be owned or controlled by the Group. The secured rights and agreements do not have a carrying amount. They are  however  necessary for the Project Companies to operate the Mine in Mozambique.The finance documents contain a number of representations  covenants and events of default on customary terms  the breach of which could lead to the secured parties under the finance documentation accelerating the outstanding loans and taking other enforcement steps  such as the enforcement of some or all of the security interests  which could lead  in extremis  with the Group losing its interest in the Mine. The most salient of the relevant terms that could lead to acceleration of the loans and/or enforcement of security are the financial covenants.At 31 December 2021 total debt of $148.1 million (2020: $145.8 million) was recognised by the Group  being the drawdown of $150.0 million before unamortised transaction costs of $3.8 million (2020: $5.4 million) plus interest amortised of $2.0 million (2020: $1.2 million).UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202115. Bank loans (continued)Reconciliation of movements of debt to cashflows arising from financing activities 2021$’000 2020$’000 Bank Loans Balance at 1 January 145 771 60 903 Cash movements Loan interest paid (7 147) (7 162) Principal paid (20 000) – Loan drawn down 20 000 82 742 Non-cash movements Loan interest accrued 9 475 9 288 Balance at 31 December 148 099 145 771CovenantsAll covenants have been complied with during the year. The key financial covenants as at 31 December 2021 are detailed below:As at31 December2021 As at31 December2020 Covenant Interest Coverage Ratio 21.8:1 9.75:1 Not less than 4.00:1 Net Debt to EBITDA 0.38 0.83:1 Not greater than 2.00:1 Debt Service Coverage Ratio 22.3:1 11.55:1 Not less than 1.20:1 Liquidity $69 057 000 $87 244 000 Not less than $15 000 000 Reserve Tail Ratio 78% 79% Not less than 30%The definition of the covenants under the debt facilities are set out below:• Interest Coverage Ratio is defined as the ratio of EBITDA to Net Interest Cost.• Net Debt is defined as total financial indebtedness excluding leases less consolidated cash and cash equivalents.• The Debt Service Coverage Ratio is the ratio of cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of a reporting period plus available facilities plus cash generated in the period to debt repayments in the period.• Liquidity is defined as consolidated cash and cash equivalents plus undrawn amounts of the Revolving Credit Facility.• Reserve Tail Ratio means the reserve tail ratio  expressed as a percentage of the termination date reserves (estimated remaining reserves in March 2025) divided by the initial reserves (estimated reserves in December 2019).16. Provisions2021$’000 2020$’000 Mine closure provision 35 959 37 451 Mine rehabilitation provision 3 998 3 893 Other provisions 2 264 - 42 221 41 344 Current 3 222 914 Non-current 38 999 40 430 42 221 41 344UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202116. Provisions (continued)MineClosureProvision$’000 MineRehabilitationProvision$’000OtherProvisions Total$’000 At 1 January 2020 25 815 3 279 - 29 094 Increase in provision during the financial year 10 972 1 406 - 12 378 Provision utilised during the financial year – (792) - (792) Unwinding of the discount 664 – - 664 At 1 January 2021 37 451 3 893 - 41 344 (Decrease)/Increase in provision during the financial year (2 239) 470 2 264 495 Provision utilised during the financial year - (365) - (365) Unwinding of the discount 747 - - 747 At 31 December 2021 35 959 3 998 2 264 42 221The Mine closure provision represents the Directors’ best estimate of the Project Companies’ liability for close-down  dismantling and restoration of the mining and processing site. A corresponding amount equal to the provision is recognised as part of property  plant and equipment. The costs are estimated on the basis of a formal closure plan  are subject to regular review and are estimated based on the net present value of estimated future cost. Mine closure costs are a normal consequence of mining  and the majority of close-down and restoration expenditure is incurred at the end of the life of the Mine. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as a finance cost and $0.7 million (2020: $0.7 million) has been recognised in the statement of comprehensive income for the financial year.The main assumptions used in the calculation of the estimated future costs include:• a discount rate of 2.9% (2020: 2.0%);• an inflation rate of 2% (2020: 2%);• an estimated life of mine of 40 years (2020: 40 years). It is assumed that all licences and permits required to operate will be renewed or extended during the life of mine; and• an estimated closure cost of $34.1 million (2020: $34.1 million) and an estimated post-closure monitoring provision of $3.9 million (2020: $3.9 million).The life of mine plan is based on the Namalope  Nataka  Pilivili and Mualadi Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources as set out in the Ore Reserve and Mineral Resources table. Specific resource material is included only where there is a high degree of confidence in its economic extraction. The Mine closure provision has decreased by $1.0 million to reflect a change in the discount rate from 2.0% to 2.9%.The discount rate is a significant factor in determining the Mine closure provision. The discount rate increased to 2.9% (2020: 2.0%) as a result of movements in the US Treasury rates. Thirty-year US Treasury yields are the longest period for which yields are quoted. A forty-year rate to align with the estimated life of mine has been calculated by taking the average of the increase in yield from ten to twenty years and the increase in yield from twenty to thirty years and adding this average to the thirty-year treasury rate to arrive at an estimated extrapolated rate for forty years. This discount rate is deemed to provide the best estimate of the current market assessment of risk-free time value of the money. Risks specific to the liability are included in the cost estimate. A reasonable possible increase of 1% in the estimated discount rate results in the Mine closure provision decreasing to $24.0 million. A 1% decrease in the estimated discount rate results in the Mine closure provision increasing to $54.0 million.The Mine rehabilitation provision represents the Directors’ best estimate of the Company’s liability for rehabilitating areas disturbed by mining activities. Rehabilitation costs are recognised based on the area disturbed and estimated cost of rehabilitation per hectare which is reviewed regularly against actual rehabilitation cost per hectare. Actual rehabilitation expenditure is incurred approximately twelve months after the area has been disturbed. During the financial year there was a release of $0.4 million (2020: $0.8 million) to reflect the actual mine rehabilitation costs incurred  and an addition to the provision of $0.4 million (2020: $1.4 million) for areas newly disturbed.Other provisions comprise an amount of $2.3 million (2020: $nil million) in relation to a potential indirect tax liability. As the matter is still outstanding it is possible that on conclusion the final outcome may differ from management’s estimate.UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202117. Financial Instruments2021 2020 Carrying amount$’000 Fair value$’000 Carrying amount$’000 Fair value$’000 Financial assets measured at fair value through profit and loss Trade receivables 37 086 37 086 Level 2 6 202 6 202 Level 2 Financial assets measured at fair value through OCI Trade receivables 14 539 14 539 Level 2 8 871 8 871 Level 2 Financial assets not measured at fair value Trade receivables 14 579 14 579 Level 2 8 039 8 039 Level 2 Cash and cash equivalents 69 057 69 057 Level 2 87 244 87 244 Level 2 135 261 135 261 110 356 110 356 Financial liabilities not measured at fair value Bank loans 148 099 148 827 Level 2 145 771 146 247 Level 2The carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities including their levels in fair value hierarchy are detailed above. The table does not include fair value information for other receivables  prepayments  trade payables and accruals as these are not measured at fair value as the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of their fair value. Trade receivables which are factored through the Absa Bank facility or letters of credit which are always confirmed and discounted through the Barclays Bank facility are initially measured at fair value and subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL). Trade receivables or letters or credit where it is not known at initial recognition if they will be factored are classified as fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI). The Group derecognises the original receivable to which the arrangement applies when payment is received from the bank as the terms of the arrangement are non-recourse. The payment to the bank by the Group’s customers are considered non-cash transactions. Trade receivables not measured at fair value are receivables whose payment is received under the sale contract credit terms.The valuation technique used in measuring Level 2 fair values is discounted cash flows which considers the expected receipts or payments discounted using adjusted market discount rates or where these rates are not available estimated discount rates. The Group has exposure to credit risk  liquidity risk and market risk arising from financial instruments.Risk management frameworkThe Board is ultimately responsible for risk management within the Group. It has delegated responsibility for the monitoring of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems to the Audit & Risk Committee. The Board and Audit & Risk Committee receive reports from executive management on the key risks to the business and the steps being taken to mitigate such risks. The Audit & Risk Committee is assisted in its role by Internal Audit. Internal Audit undertakes both regular and ad hoc reviews of risk management controls and procedures  the results of which are reported to the Audit and Risk Committee.Credit RiskCredit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or a counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet it contractual obligations  and arises principally from the Group’s trade receivables from customers. The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure.Trade receivablesThe Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced by the individual circumstances of each customer. The Group also considers the factors that may influence the credit risk of its customer base  including the default risk associated with the industry and country in which customers operate. Before entering into sales contracts with new customers  the Group uses an external credit scoring system to assess the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Limits attributed to customers are reviewed regularly during the year.The Group’s customers have been transacting with the Group for a significant number of years  and no customers’ balances have been written off or are credit-impaired at the financial year end. In monitoring customer credit risk  customers are reviewed individually and the Group has not identified any factors which would merit reducing exposure to any particular customer. The Group does not require collateral in respect of trade receivables.At 31 December 2021  $41.3 million (2020: $7.2 million) is due from the Group’s three largest customers. The exposure to credit risk for trade receivables by geographic region was as follows:UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202117. Financial Instruments (Continued)2021$’000 2020$’000 China 36 836 8 625 Europe 15 410 7 180 USA 8 547 1 583 Rest of the world 5 411 5 724 Total 66 204 23 112The movement in the allowance for impairment in respect of trade receivables where measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income during the year was as follows.2021$’000 2020$’000 Balance at 1 January 199 215 Net remeasurement of loss allowance 225 (16) Balance at 31 December 424 199Cash and cash equivalentsThe credit risk on cash and cash equivalents is limited because funds available to subsidiaries are deposited with banks with high credit ratings assigned by international credit rating agencies. For deposits in excess of $50 million the Group requires that the institution has an A- (S&P)/A3 (Moody’s) long-term rating. For deposits in excess of $15 million  the Group requires that the institution has a BB- (S&P)/Ba3 (Moody’s) long-term rating.At 31 December 2021 and 2020 cash was deposited with the following banks:2021 2020 Long-term credit rating Long-term credit rating $ million S&P Moody’s $ million S&P Moody’s Barclays Bank plc 60.8 A Positive A-1 Stable 60.0 A Negative A-1 Stable FirstRand Bank Limited 5.1 BBB - Stable Ba2 Negative 15.0 BBB- Stable Ba2 Negative Nedbank Limited - BB- Stable Ba2 Negative 10.0 BB- Stable Ba2 Negative HSBC Bank plc 0.8 A+ Stable A1 Stable 1.7 A+ Stable A1 Stable Absa Bank Limited 2.0 BBB- Stable Ba2 Negative - BBB- Stable Ba2 NegativeLiquidity riskLiquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial liabilities that are settled in cash payments. The Group’s objective when managing liquidity is to ensure that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when they are due.The Group monitors mine payment forecasts  both operating and capital  which assist it in monitoring cash flow requirements and optimising its cash return on investments. The Group aims to maintain the level of its cash and cash equivalents at an amount in excess of expected cash outflows on financial liabilities. The Group monitors the level of expected cash inflows on trade receivables together with expected cash outflows on trade and other payables.The Group has a trade finance facility with Absa Bank for three of the Group’s largest customers. In accordance with this facility the bank purchases 80% of the receivable without recourse and so the bank takes on the credit risk. The facility is $30 million with limits on the maximum amount that can be factored for each of the customers named in the facility. During the period no trade receivables were factored under this agreement. At the year end  trade receivables amounting to $14.5 million (2020: $8.9 million) may be factored under this facility and are therefore included in trade receivables as at 31 December 2021. The cost of this facility for the period  which amounted to $0.2 million (2020: $0.2 million)  is included in finance costs in the statement of comprehensive income and in net cash from operating activities in the statement of consolidated cash flows.UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202117. Financial Instruments (continued)The Group has a trade facility with Barclays Bank for customers which it sells to under letter of credit terms. Under this facility  Barclays Bank confirms the letter of credit from the issuing bank and therefore takes the credit risk that the issuing bank will not pay. Barclays Bank can also discount these letters of credit thereby providing early payment of receivables to the Group. There is no limit under the Barclays Bank facility. During the period trade receivables of $224.4 million (2020: $88.3 million) were discounted under this facility. At the year-end there were $37.1 million (2020: $6.2 million) which may be discounted under this facility. The cost of this facility for the period  which amounted to $0.1 million (2020: $0.1 million)  is included in finance costs in the condensed statement of comprehensive income and in net cash from operating activities in the condensed statement of consolidated cash flows.The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at 31 December 2021 based on the gross contractual undiscounted payments:Financial liabilities Total$’000 Less thanone year$’000 Between2 and 5 years$’000 More than5 years$’000 Bank loans 164 331 79 136 85 195 - Lease liabilities 2 684 1 207 1 317 160 Trade & other payables 32 768 32 768 - - 199 783 113 111 86 512 160The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at 31 December 2020 based on the gross contractual undiscounted payments:Financial liabilities Total$’000 Less thanone year$’000 Between2 and 5 years$’000 More than5 years$’000 Bank loans 171 479 7 149 164 330 - Lease liabilities 4 044 1 359 2 251 434 Trade & other payables 50 122 50 122 – – 225 645 58 630 166 581 434As disclosed in Note 15 the Group has bank loans that contain loan covenants. A future breach of covenant may require the Group to repay the loan earlier than indicated in the above table. Under the loan agreement  the covenants are monitored on a regular basis by Group finance and regularly reported to management and the lenders to ensure compliance with the agreement.Risk ConcentrationConcentrations arise when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar business activities  or activities in the same geographical region  or have economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic  political or other conditions. Concentrations indicate the relative sensitivity of the Group’s performance to developments affecting a particular industry.The Group evaluates the concentration of risk with respect to trade receivables and contract assets as low  as its customers are located in several jurisdictions and industries and operate in largely independent markets. Details of concentration of revenue are included in Note 2.Market riskMarket risk is risk that changes in market prices for foreign exchange rates and interest rates will affect the Group’s income statement. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures while optimising returns.Currency riskThe Group is exposed to transactional foreign currency risk to the extent that there is a mismatch between the currencies in which sales  purchases  receivables and borrowings are denominated and the respective functional currencies of Group companies. The functional currencies of all Group are US Dollars. The presentational currency of the Group is US Dollars. Sales and bank loans are denominated in US Dollars which significantly reduces the exposure of the Group to foreign currency risk. Payables transactions are denominated in Mozambican Metical  South African Rand  Euro  Sterling  Australian Dollar and Renminbi.UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202117. Financial Instruments (continued)The Group’s risk management policy is to match the estimated foreign currency exposure in respect of forecast purchases over the following three to six months at any point in time to the extent that funds are available to do so.Exposure to currency riskThe Group’s exposure to currency risk as at 31 December 2021 is as follows.US Dollar$’000 Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 Australian Dollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 Trade and other receivables 69 408 2 717 1 275 928 55 364 - Cash and cash equivalents 64 837 1 030 2 337 479 338 6 36 Bank loans (151 914) - - - - - - Leases (650) - - (1 528) - - - Trade & other payables (14 283) (14 082) (1 905) (2 395) (35) (68) - Net exposure (32 602) (10 335) 1 707 (2 516) 358 302 36The Group’s exposure to currency risk as at 31 December 2020 is as follows.US Dollar$’000 Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 Australian Dollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 Trade and other receivables 28 059 – 444 740 38 634 – Cash and cash equivalents 81 969 130 4 406 441 256 21 21 Bank loans (151 217) – – – – – – Leases (2 217) – – (1 815) – – – Trade & other payables (31 185) (8 371) (8 186) (712) (62) (1 606) – Net exposure (74 591) (8 241) (3 336) (1 346) 232 (951) 21Sensitivity analysisA reasonably possible strengthening or weakening of the Mozambique Metical  South African Rand  Euro  Sterling  Australian Dollar and Renminbi by 1% against US Dollar would have affected profit or loss by the amounts shown below. The analysis assumes that all other variables remain constant.Profit or loss Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 AustralianDollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 31 December 2021 Strengthening (103) 17 (25) 4 3 - Weakening 103 (17) 25 (4) (3) - 31 December 2020 Strengthening (82) (33) (13) 2 (9) – Weakening 82 33 13 2 9 –UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSFOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 202117. Financial Instruments (continued)Interest rate riskThe loan facilities are arranged at variable rates and expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Variable rates are based on six-month LIBOR. The borrowing rate at financial year end was 5.8% (2020: 5.8%). The interest rate profile of the Group’s loan balances at the financial year end was as follows:2021$’000 2020$’000 Variable rate debt 151 914 151 217Under the assumption that all other variables remain constant  a reasonable possible change of 1% in the six-month LIBOR rate results in a $1.5 million (2020: $1.5 million) change in finance costs for the financial year.The above sensitivity analyses are estimates of the impact of market risks assuming the specified change occurs. Actual results in the future may differ materially from these results due to developments in the global financial markets  which may cause fluctuations in interest rates to vary from the assumptions made above and therefore should not be considered a projection of likely future events.Interest rate benchmark reformA fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being undertaken globally  including the replacement of some interbank offered rates (IBORs) with alternative nearly risk-free rates (referred to as “IBOR reform”). The group has exposure to IBORs on its financial instruments that will be reformed as part of these market-wide initiatives. The Group’s main IBOR exposure at the reporting date is US LIBOR  which is administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (IBA). The alternative reference rate for US LIBOR is the US Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR).On 5 March 2021  IBA stated that it will cease the publication of (i) the overnight and 1  3  6 and 12 months USD LIBOR settings immediately following the LIBOR publication on Friday  June 30  2023 and (ii) all other LIBOR settings  including the 1 week and 2 months USD LIBOR settings  immediately following the LIBOR publication on Friday  December 31  2021. IBA stated that it will not have access to input data necessary to calculate LIBOR settings on a representative basis after those dates. The UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) issued a separate announcement confirming that IBA had notified the FCA of its intent to cease providing all LIBOR settings. The FCA confirmed that all 35 LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or will no longer be representative as of the dates set out by IBA.The Group anticipates that IBOR reform will impact its operational and risk management processes. The main risk to which the Group is exposed as a result of IBOR reform is in the amendment to the Senior Facility Agreement with negotiation with the lender group to reflect the migration from USD LIBOR to SOFR  updating contractual terms and revising operational controls related to the migration. Financial risk is predominantly limited to interest rate risk.The Audit & Risk Committee monitors while the executive and senior management manages the migration to alternative rates. Such management includes evaluation of the extent to which contracts reference IBOR  whether such contracts will need to be amended as a result of IBOR reform and how to manage communication about IBOR reform to counterparties.The Group plans to amend contractual terms for purposes of migrating from USD LIBOR to SOFR prior to the discontinuance of the administration and publication of the relevant LIBOR rates by IBA.The carrying amount of financial liabilities with unreformed contracts at 31 December 2021 was $148.1 million (31 December 2020: $145.8 million).18. Contingent liabilitiesThe Group  like other businesses operating in Mozambique  is subject to tax audits by the Mozambican Tax Authorities. These audits may review a range of matters including corporate income tax  indirect taxes and transaction related issues  and can take a number of years to complete. The Mozambican Tax Authority conducted an audit of the tax obligations of the Branch in relation to the years 2015 to 2017. The Group is liaising with the Tax Authority to address matters raised during the audit. It is not possible to estimate with certainty the timing of any future resolution or possible outcomes.A provision of $2.3 million (2020: $nil) is included in the financial statements in relation to a potential indirect tax liability. As the matter is still outstanding it is possible that on conclusion the outcome may differ from management’s estimates. Other tax matters raised during the audit are likewise still outstanding. No provision has been made in these financial statements in relation to the other tax matters as the Group does not consider that there is any material future probable loss.GLOSSARY – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURESCertain financial measures set out in the 2021 Preliminary Results are not defined under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs)  but represent additional measures used by the Board to assess performance and for reporting both internally and to shareholders and other external users. Presentation of these Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) provides useful supplemental information which  when viewed in conjunction with the Group’s IFRS financial information  allows for a more meaningful understanding of the underlying financial and operating performance of the Group.These non-IFRS measures should not be considered as an alternative to financial measures as defined under IFRSs.Descriptions of the APMs included in this report  as well as their relevance for the Group  are disclosed below.APM Description Relevance Revenue (FOB) Revenue excluding freight Eliminates the effects of freight to provide the product price EBITDA Operating profit/loss before depreciation and amortisation Eliminates the effects of financing  tax and depreciation to allow assessment of the earnings and performance of the Group EBITDA margin Percentage of EBITDA to Revenue (FOB) Provides a group margin for the earnings and performance of the Group Capital costs Additions to property  plant and equipment in the period Provides the amount spent by the Company on additions to property  plant and equipment in the period Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product produced Total costs less freight and other non-cash costs  including inventory movements and the indirect tax provision divided by final product production (tonnes) Eliminates the non-cash impact on costs to identify the actual cash outlay for production and  as production levels increase or decrease  highlights operational performance by providing a comparable cash cost per tonne of product produced over time Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite net of co-products Cash operating costs less FOB revenue of zircon  rutile and mineral sands concentrates  divided by ilmenite production (tonnes) Eliminates the non-cash impact on costs to identify the actual cash outlay for production and  as production levels increase or decrease  highlights operational performance by providing a comparable cash cost per tonne of ilmenite produced over time Net cash/debt Bank loans before transaction costs  loan amendment fees and expenses net of cash and cash equivalents Measures the amount the Group would have to raise through refinancing  asset sale or equity issue if its debt were to fall due immediately  and aids in developing an understanding of theleveraging of the Group Mining – HMC produced Heavy mineral concentrate extracted from mineral sands deposits and which include ilmenite  zircon  rutile  concentrates and other heavy minerals and silica Provides a measure of heavy mineral concentrate extracted from the Mine Processing – finished products produced Finished products produced by the mineral separation process Provides a measure of finished products produced from the processing plants Marketing – finished products shipped Finished products shipped to customers during the period Provides a measure of finished products shipped to customers LTIFR Lost time injury frequency rate Measures the number of injuries causing lost time per 200 000 man hours worked on site AI All injuries Provides the number of injuries at the Mine in the yearRevenue2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 $m $m $m $m $m Revenue 208.3 262.2 270.9 243.7 455.9 Freight (5.4) (16.3) (15.4) (12.2) (35.4) Revenue (FOB) 202.9 245.9 255.5 231.5 420.5GLOSSARY – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES CONTINUEDEBITDA2017$m 2018$m 2019$m 2020$m 2021$m Operating profit/(loss) 28.5 62.9 59.2 34.4 153.0 Depreciation 32.0 30.4 33.4 42.3 63.1 EBITDA 60.5 93.3 92.6 76.7 216.1EBITDA margin2017$m 2018$m 2019$m 2020$m 2021$m EBITDA 60.5 93.3 92.6 76.7 216.1 Revenue (FOB) 202.9 245.9 255.5 231.5 420.5 EBITDA margin (%) 30 38 36 33 51Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product2017$m 2018$m 2019$m 2020$m 2021$m Cost of sales 156.6 168.3 178.4 179.1 245.0 Other operating costs 23.2 31.0 33.3 30.3 58.0 Total operating costs 179.8 199.3 211.7 209.4 303.0 Freight charges (5.5) (16.3) (15.4) (12.2) (35.4) Total operating costs less freight 174.3 183.0 196.3 197.2 267.6 Non-cash costs Depreciation and amortisation (32.0) (30.4) (33.4) (42.3) (63.1) Share-based payments (1.0) (1.4) (1.8) (1.8) (3.5) Mineral product inventory movements 0.3 0.1 (4.5) 4.9 (9.3) Indirect tax provision - - - - (2.0) Total cash operating costs 141.6 151.3 156.6 158.0 189.7 Final product production tonnes 1 081 300 1 043 300 988 300 840 500 1 228 500 Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product $131 $145 $158 $188 $154Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite2017$m 2018$m 2019$m 2020$m 2021$m Total cash operating costs 141.6 151.3 156.6 158.0 189.7 Less FOB revenue from co-products zircon rutile and mineral sands concentrate (50.4) (75.1) (84.5) (63.2) (85.8) Total cash costs less co-product revenue 91.2 76.2 72.1 94.8 103.9 Ilmenite product production tonnes 998 200 958 500 892 900 756 000 1 119 400 Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite $91 $79 $81 $125 $93Net cash/debt2017$m 2018$m 2019$m 2020$m 2021$m Bank debt (102.9) (83.5) (60.9) (145.8) (148.1) Transaction costs – – (6.6) (5.4) (3.8) Gross debt (102.9) (83.5) (67.5) (151.2) (151.9) Cash and cash equivalents 68.8 97.0 81.2 87.2 69.1 Net cash/(debt) (34.1) 13.5 13.7 (64.0) (82.8)GLOSSARY – TERMSTerm Description CIF The seller delivers when the goods pass the ship’s rail in the port of shipment. Seller must pay the cost and freight necessary to bring goods to named port of destination. Risk of loss and damage are the same as CFR. Seller also has to procure marine insurance against buyer’s risk of loss/damage during the carriage. Seller must clear the goods for export. This term can only be used for sea transport. CFR This term means the seller delivers when the goods pass the ship’s rail in port of shipment. Seller must pay the costs and freight necessary to bring the goods to the named port of destination  but the risks of loss or damage  as well as any additional costs due to events occurring after the time of delivery  are transferred from seller to buyer. Seller must clear goods for export. This term can only be used for sea transport. FOB Free on Board means that the seller delivers when the goods pass the ship’s rail at the named port of shipment. This means the buyer has to bear all costs and risks to the goods from that point. The seller must clear the goods for export. This term can only be used for sea transport. Free Cash Flow Free Cash Flow is the cash generated by the Group in a reporting period before distributions to shareholders. Group or Kenmare or the Company Kenmare Resources plc and its subsidiary undertakings. HMC Heavy mineral concentrate extracted from mineral sands deposits and which include ilmenite  zircon  rutile and other heavy minerals and silica. KMML Mozambique Branch Mozambique branch of Kenmare Moma Mining (Mauritius) Limited (KMML). KMPL Mozambique Branch Mozambique branch of Kenmare Moma Processing (Mauritius) Limited (KMPL). Lenders Absa Bank Limited (acting through its Corporate and Investment Banking Division) (“Absa”)  The Emerging Africa Infrastructure Fund (part of the Private Infrastructure Development Group (“PIDG”)) (“EAIF”)  Nedbank Limited (acting through its Nedbank Corporate and Investment Banking division) (“Nedbank”)  Rand Merchant Bank and Standard Bank Group (“Standard Bank”). Moma  Moma Mine or the Mine The Moma Titanium Minerals Mine consisting of a heavy mineral sands  processing facilities and associated infrastructure  which mine is located in the north east coast of Mozambique under licence to the Project Companies. Mine Closure Guarantee Facility $40 million debt facility dated 11 December 2019 between the Lenders and KMML Mozambique Branch and KMPL Mozambique Branch. MSP Mineral Separation Plant. Mtpa Million tonnes per annum. OIA Oman Investment Authority formerly the State General Reserve Fund of the Sultanate of Oman. Pre-Feasibility Study A feasibility study is an evaluation of a proposed mining project to determine whether the mineral resource can be mined economically. Pre-Feasibility Study is used to determine whether to proceed with a detailed feasibility study and to determine areas within the project that require more attention. Pre-Feasibility Studies are done by factoring known unit costs and by estimating gross dimensions or quantities once conceptual or preliminary engineering and mine design has been completed. Pre-Feasibility Studies have an accuracy within approximately 20-30%. Project Companies Kenmare Moma Mining (Mauritius) Limited and Kenmare Moma Processing (Mauritius) Limited  wholly owned subsidiary undertakings of Kenmare Resources plc  which are incorporated in Mauritius. Revolving Credit Facility $40 million debt facility dated 11 December 2019 between the Lenders and KMML Mozambique Branch and KMPL Mozambique Branch. TSR Total Shareholder Return is Kenmare Resources plc share price at the end of a reporting period adjusted for dividends paid in the period compared to share price at the beginning of the reporting period. Term Loan Facility $110 million debt facility dated 11 December 2019 between the Lenders and KMML Mozambique Branch and KMPL Mozambique Branch. THM Total heavy minerals in the ore of which ilmenite (typically 82%)  rutile (typically 2.0%) and zircon (typically 5.5%) total approximately 90%. WCP Wet Concentrator Plant. WCP A The original WCP which started production in 2007. WCP B The second WCP which started production in 2013. WCP C The third WCP which started production in 2020. WHIMS Wet High Intensity Magnetic Separation Plant.",neutral,0.03,0.76,0.21,mixed,0.43,0.24,0.33,True,English,"['2021 Preliminary Results', 'Correction', 'Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate', 'short-term carbon reduction target', 'first Climate Strategy Report', 'total cash operating costs', 'Rotary Uninterruptible Power Supply', 'Irish Dividend Withholding Tax', 'net ilmenite unit costs', 'Moma Titanium Minerals Mine', 'annual run rate', 'Record annual HMC production', 'second Sustainability Report', 'lower unit costs', 'lower carbon emissions', 'operating cost reductions', 'new safety milestones', 'eight million hours', 'poor weather conditions', 'Heavy Mineral Concentrate', 'Net debt position', '9:00am UK time', '2021 dividend target payout', 'leading global producers', 'higher ore grades', 'stronger product pricing', 'Currency election date', 'higher average prices', 'continuing market strength', 'compelling shareholder returns', '$81.6 million share buy-back', 'Kenmare Resources plc', 'record production volumes', 'finished product production', 'power stability', 'Record date', 'product volumes', 'Global demand', 'record performance', 'higher co', 'product markets', 'primary product', 'ilmenite production', 'Ex-dividend date', 'AGM date', 'Payment date', 'interim dividend', 'final dividend', 'Dividend timetable', '2021 PRELIMINARY RESULTS', 'northern Mozambique', 'twelve months', 'Michael Carvill', 'Managing Director', 'record year', 'financial results', 'coming weeks', 'positive momentum', '2021 overview Financial', 'record shipments', 'Pilivili operations', 'COVID-19 management', 'higher EBITDA', 'depreciation charges', 'transshipment capacity', 'reduced usage', 'diesel generators', 'shareholder approval', 'conference call', 'institutional investors', 'Royal Institution', 'Great Britain', '21 Albemarle Street', 'W1S 4BS', 'product revenues', 'finished products', 'LSE:KMR', 'early March', '51% EBITDA margin', 'exemption form', 'investor briefing', 'The Company', 'Group', 'ISE', 'zircon', '31 December', 'Statement', 'fronts', 'lowest', 'Q1', 'track', '2022 guidance', 'addition', 'Board', 'ambition', 'light', 'line', 'profit', 'part', 'USc', 'October', 'June', '87% increase', '21% increase', '20% increase', '46% increase', 'repairs', 'maintenance', 'haulage', '18% decrease', 'tonne', '26% decrease', '182% increase', '669% increase', 'year-end', 'completion', 'Story', 'Operational', '30% increase', '48% increase', '51% increase', 'Commissioning', 'RUPS', 'benefits', 'terms', 'quarter', 'dates', 'April', 'noon', 'May', 'dividends', 'Registrar', 'Analyst', 'media', 'London', '2020']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
1359,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/stellantis-and-lg-energy-solution-to-invest-over-5-billion-cad-in-joint-venture-for-first-large-scale-lithium-ion-battery-production-plant-in-canada-301509120.html,Stellantis and LG Energy Solution to Invest Over $5 Billion CAD in Joint Venture for First Large-scale Lithium-ion Battery Production Plant in Canada,WINDSOR  ON  March 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Joint venture company to become first large-scale  domestic  electric-vehicle battery manufacturing facility in Canada Facility to have an annual production capacity in excess of 45 gigawatt hours Plant targeted to …,"Stellantis N.V. and LG Energy Solution (LGES) today announced they have executed binding  definitive agreements to establish the first large-scale  domestic  electric-vehicle battery manufacturing facility in Canada. The joint venture company will produce leading edge lithium-ion battery cells and modules to meet a significant portion of Stellantis' vehicle production requirements in North America.The joint venture company will invest more than $5 billion CAD ($4.1 billion USD) to establish operations  which will include an all-new battery manufacturing plant located in Windsor  Ontario  Canada. Plant construction activities are scheduled to begin later this year  with production operations planned to launch in the first quarter of 2024.The plant aims to have an annual production capacity in excess of 45 gigawatt hours (GWh) and will create an estimated 2 500 new jobs in Windsor and the surrounding areas. Each of the municipal  provincial and federal levels of the Canadian government have agreed to fully support the successful operation of the joint venture company.With the battery manufacturing plant located in Windsor  Ontario  home to Canada's largest automotive cluster  Stellantis and LGES expect the plant to serve as a catalyst for the establishment of a strong battery supply chain in the region. Canada is committed to establishing a broad  local battery ecosystem by leveraging  among other things  its leadership in the generation of electricity from renewable sources.""Our joint venture with LG Energy Solution is yet another stepping stone to achieving our aggressive electrification road map in the region  aimed at hitting 50% of battery-electric vehicle sales in the U.S. and Canada by the end of the decade "" said Carlos Tavares  Stellantis CEO. ""We are grateful to the municipal  provincial and federal levels of government for their support and commitment to help position Canada as a North American leader in the production of electric-vehicle batteries.""""Through this joint venture  LG Energy Solution will be able to position itself as a critical player in building green energy value chains in the region "" said Youngsoo Kwon  CEO of LG Energy Solution. ""Creating a joint venture battery manufacturing company in Canada  recognized as one of the leading nations in renewable energy resources  is key for LG Energy Solution as we aim to power more electric vehicles around the world.""""Today's announcement of a world leading facility to build electric-vehicle batteries in Windsor is an investment in our workers  our communities and our future. Partnerships like these are critical to creating new jobs and putting Canada on the cutting edge of the clean economy. By working together  we are creating thousands of new jobs  making a difference in the lives of people now and making sure that future generations have a clean environment to live in "" said Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau.""Attracting this multi-billion-dollar investment will secure Ontario's place as a North American hub for building the cars and batteries of the future. As we secure game-changing investments  we're also connecting resources  industries and workers in northern Ontario with the manufacturing might of southern Ontario to build up home-grown supply chains. Every region of Ontario will benefit with thousands of jobs being created and a stronger economy that works for everyone "" said Ontario Premier Doug Ford.""Stellantis is Windsor's largest employer and has a rich history in this community. Chrysler began operations in this community in 1925 and has employed generations of Windsor–Essex workers at its facility. With this announcement  we are securing the future for thousands more local workers and securing Windsor's strategic location as the home of Canada's electric vehicle future. As the world pivots to EVs  Windsor will soon be home to the battery manufacturing facility that powers it all "" said Mayor of Windsor Drew Dilkens.As part of the Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan  Stellantis announced plans to have global annual battery-electric vehicle sales of 5 million vehicles by 2030  reaching 100% of passenger car BEV sales mix in Europe and 50% passenger car and light-duty truck BEV sales mix in North America. Stellantis also increased planned battery capacity by 140 GWh to approximately 400 GWh  to be supported by five battery manufacturing plants together with additional supply contracts. LG Energy Solution  with this latest announcement  has now solidly secured production capacity of over 200 GWh in North America annually  translating into production of 2.5 million high-performance electric vehicles. The battery manufacturer has previously announced plans to invest approximately $4.6 billion (USD) into battery facilities in North America. Globally  LGES is on course to expand its international production network in multiple continents  including countries such as Canada  U.S.  Poland  Indonesia  China and South Korea.The closing is subject to customary closing conditions  including regulatory approvals.LG Energy SolutionLG Energy Solution (KRX: 373220) is a global leader delivering advanced lithium-ion batteries for Electric Vehicles (EV)  Mobility & IT applications  and Energy Storage Systems (ESS). With 30 years of experience in advanced battery technology  it continues to grow rapidly towards the realization of sustainable life. With its robust global network that spans the U.S.  Europe  Asia  and Australia  LG Energy Solution is more committed than ever to developing innovative technologies that will bring the future energy a step closer. Under its ESG vision ""We CHARGE toward a better future "" LG Energy Solution is doing its utmost to prioritize environment  fulfil social responsibilities and shape sustainable future. For more information  please visit https://www.lgensol.com.StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today's customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2Move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.SOURCE Stellantis",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.68,0.28,0.04,True,English,"['First Large-scale Lithium-ion Battery Production Plant', 'LG Energy Solution', '$5 Billion CAD', 'Joint Venture', 'Stellantis', 'Canada', 'first large-scale, domestic, electric-vehicle battery manufacturing facility', 'light-duty truck BEV sales mix', 'passenger car BEV sales mix', 'global annual battery-electric vehicle sales', 'leading edge lithium-ion battery cells', 'joint venture battery manufacturing company', 'aggressive electrification road map', 'five battery manufacturing plants', 'strong battery supply chain', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan', 'broad, local battery ecosystem', 'green energy value chains', 'Ontario Premier Doug Ford', '2.5 million high-performance electric vehicles', 'new battery manufacturing plant', ""Stellantis' vehicle production requirements"", 'home-grown supply chains', 'joint venture company', 'additional supply contracts', 'binding, definitive agreements', 'LG Energy Solution', 'annual production capacity', 'largest automotive cluster', 'world leading facility', 'Plant construction activities', 'electric vehicle future', 'North American leader', 'North American hub', 'international production network', 'customary closing conditions', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'renewable energy resources', 'Windsor Drew Dilkens', 'Canada Justin Trudeau', '50% passenger car', 'first quarter', 'Windsor–Essex workers', 'battery capacity', 'manufacturing might', 'battery manufacturer', 'battery facilities', '5 million vehicles', 'cutting edge', 'leading nations', 'electric-vehicle batteries', 'strategic location', 'local workers', 'renewable sources', 'largest employer', '2,500 new jobs', 'significant portion', '45 gigawatt hours', 'surrounding areas', 'municipal, provincial', 'federal levels', 'successful operation', 'other things', 'stepping stone', 'U.S.', 'Carlos Tavares', 'critical player', 'Youngsoo Kwon', 'clean economy', 'clean environment', 'Prime Minister', 'game-changing investments', 'stronger economy', 'rich history', 'multiple continents', 'South Korea', 'regulatory approvals', 'northern Ontario', 'southern Ontario', 'production operations', 'Canadian government', 'multi-billion-dollar investment', 'Stellantis CEO', 'latest announcement', 'future generations', 'LGES', 'modules', 'excess', 'GWh', 'catalyst', 'establishment', 'region', 'leadership', 'electricity', 'end', 'decade', 'support', 'commitment', 'Today', 'communities', 'Partnerships', 'thousands', 'difference', 'lives', 'people', 'place', 'cars', 'industries', 'everyone', 'community', 'Chrysler', 'EVs', 'Mayor', 'plans', 'Europe', 'course', 'countries', 'Poland', 'Indonesia', 'China', '$5']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,prnewswire.com
1360,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/markets/global-stocks-rebound-after-hawkish-federal-reserve-comments-1.4833484,Global stocks rebound after hawkish Federal Reserve comments,Global stocks regained ground on Tuesday and oil prices dipped as investors adjusted their expectations for rate hikes following hawkish comments from the US Federal Reserve. Dublin Euronext Dublin was flat as it underperformed relative to its international…,Global stocks regained ground on Tuesday and oil prices dipped as investors adjusted their expectations for rate hikes following hawkish comments from the US Federal Reserve. Dublin Euronext Dublin was flat as it underperformed relative to its international…,negative,0.06,0.38,0.57,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['hawkish Federal Reserve comments', 'Global stocks', 'US Federal Reserve', 'Global stocks', 'oil prices', 'rate hikes', 'hawkish comments', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Tuesday', 'investors', 'expectations']",2022-03-22,2022-03-23,irishtimes.com
1361,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.agricensus.com/Article/Euronext-investors-trim-wheat-net-long-corn-net-long-tumbles-21300.html,Euronext investors trim wheat net long  corn net long tumbles,5 hours ago,To read this article and see the full service  register now for a 14 day trialEnjoy access to live news  prices assessments  forecasts and much moreRegister now for your 14 day free trial which gives you:Live news : full coverage of the wheat  corn  soy and barley markets: full coverage of the wheat  corn  soy and barley markets Price assessments : daily spot and forward prices: daily spot and forward prices Tender dashboard : see who has won each tender and at what price: see who has won each tender and at what price Export trade dashboard : track all the latest data: track all the latest data Crop forecast table : all the key analysts and organisations: all the key analysts and organisations News archive: fully searchable  full historySign up today and someone in our team will be in touch with you shortly,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext investors', 'long tumbles', 'wheat', 'corn', 'latest data Crop forecast table', 'price Export trade dashboard', '14 day free trial', 'organisations News archive', '14 day trial', 'live news', 'Price assessments', 'Tender dashboard', 'full service', 'prices assessments', 'full coverage', 'barley markets', 'daily spot', 'forward prices', 'key analysts', 'full history', 'article', 'access', 'forecasts', 'wheat', 'corn', 'soy', 'searchable', 'someone', 'team', 'touch']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,agricensus.com
1362,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.agricensus.com/Article/Euronext-rapeseed-futures-cross-1-000-mt-on-tight-seed-availability-21294.html,Euronext rapeseed futures cross €1 000/mt on tight seed availability,6 hours ago,To read this article and see the full service  register now for a 14 day trialEnjoy access to live news  prices assessments  forecasts and much moreRegister now for your 14 day free trial which gives you:Live news : full coverage of the wheat  corn  soy and barley markets: full coverage of the wheat  corn  soy and barley markets Price assessments : daily spot and forward prices: daily spot and forward prices Tender dashboard : see who has won each tender and at what price: see who has won each tender and at what price Export trade dashboard : track all the latest data: track all the latest data Crop forecast table : all the key analysts and organisations: all the key analysts and organisations News archive: fully searchable  full historySign up today and someone in our team will be in touch with you shortly,neutral,0.02,0.89,0.09,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['tight seed availability', 'Euronext', 'futures', 'latest data Crop forecast table', 'price Export trade dashboard', '14 day free trial', 'organisations News archive', '14 day trial', 'live news', 'Price assessments', 'Tender dashboard', 'full service', 'prices assessments', 'full coverage', 'barley markets', 'daily spot', 'forward prices', 'key analysts', 'full history', 'article', 'access', 'forecasts', 'wheat', 'corn', 'soy', 'searchable', 'someone', 'team', 'touch']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,agricensus.com
1363,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veons-banglalink-launches-health-hub-to-provide-bangladeshs-first-digital-health-aggregator-platform-301507531.html,"VEON's Banglalink launches ""Health Hub"" to provide Bangladesh's first digital health aggregator platform",1 day ago,"DHAKA  Bangladesh  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd . (NASDAQ: VEON)  (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  announces that its Banglalink mobile operator in Bangladesh has launched Health Hub  the country's first integrated digital health platform.Introduced as part of Banglalink's MyBL self-care mobile service  Health Hub is a one-stop healthcare platform for Banglalink customers that covers every aspect of an individual's health from initial consultations to medicine planning. Through the platform  users have access to a comprehensive array of affordable digital health services provided by 'Health Hub' partners including Bangladesh's leading healthcare providers Daktarbhai  DocTime  and Pulse.In a country with dispersed and sometimes difficult to access health services  Health Hub brings together multiple facilities such as booking doctor appointments  video consultations  insurance claims  a personal health tracking tool  home sample collection  and medicine delivery in one digital portal. The Health Hub platform covers all major health needs and enables users to find medical services at substantially lower costs. Banglalink customers will have access to the facilities through exclusive daily  monthly  and yearly subscription packages.""Bangladesh is a market with huge potential that is undergoing a transformation through the adoption of digital services. This is digital democratization of health care that opens the way for customers to find better and lower-cost services "" explains Erik Aas  CEO of Banglalink.Kaan Terzioglu  Group Chief Executive Officer  VEON  said  ""Banglalink's launch of Health Hub is a remarkable initiative as it draws together all the main healthcare providers in the country into a single  accessible digital services that will provide major benefits for the people of Bangladesh. Health Hub also extends the portfolio of digital operator services that VEON offers.""The development of Banglalink's Heath Hub builds on VEON's commitment to enhance the lives of its customers by providing best-in-class digital services to its customers. Parallel initiatives  developed under VEON's Digital Operator strategy  include Toffee  the highly successful entertainment application that was initiated 2019 and is now used by 6.4 million people in Bangladesh1  and JazzCash  VEON's mobile banking service in Pakistan that has 15.2 million customers1. VEON operates in nine countries serving 220 customers over a population of 680 million people.About VEONVEON is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-listed global provider of connectivity and digital services. Our companies are transforming lifestyles through technology-driven services that empower opportunity in some of the world's fastest-growing emerging markets. VEON operates in nine countries serving 220 customers over a population of 680 million people  with an independent board  an international management team and no controlling shareholder. For more information  visit: https://www.veon.comDisclaimerThis release contains ""forward-looking statements""  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  the extension of the application of VEON's Augmented Intelligence Platform. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact InformationVEON GroupGroup Communications DirectorMarina Levina[email protected]TUVA PartnersJulian Tanner[email protected]M +44 7900 205 460SOURCE VEON Ltd",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.03,0.19,0.78,True,English,"['first digital health aggregator platform', 'Health Hub', 'VEON', 'Banglalink', 'Bangladesh', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'VEON Group Group Communications Director', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Group Chief Executive Officer', 'MyBL self-care mobile service', 'personal health tracking tool', 'single, accessible digital services', 'integrated digital health platform', 'The Health Hub platform', 'affordable digital health services', 'mobile banking service', 'one-stop healthcare platform', 'leading healthcare providers', 'home sample collection', 'yearly subscription packages', 'main healthcare providers', 'growing emerging markets', 'international management team', 'Augmented Intelligence Platform', 'one digital portal', 'Digital Operator strategy', 'digital operator services', 'major health needs', 'leading global provider', 'successful entertainment application', 'Banglalink mobile operator', ""Health Hub' partners"", 'SOURCE VEON Ltd', 'digital democratization', 'health care', 'major benefits', 'TUVA Partners', 'internet services', 'medical services', 'lower-cost services', 'technology-driven services', 'Heath Hub', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'initial consultations', 'medicine planning', 'comprehensive array', 'doctor appointments', 'video consultations', 'insurance claims', 'medicine delivery', 'lower costs', 'huge potential', 'Erik Aas', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'remarkable initiative', 'Parallel initiatives', 'nine countries', 'independent board', 'controlling shareholder', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'Marina Levina', 'Julian Tanner', '6.4 million people', '680 million people', 'multiple facilities', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', '15.2 million customers', 'Banglalink customers', 'statements', '220 customers', 'DHAKA', 'Bangladesh', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'connectivity', 'country', 'aspect', 'individual', 'users', 'Daktarbhai', 'DocTime', 'Pulse', 'booking', 'transformation', 'adoption', 'way', 'CEO', 'launch', 'portfolio', 'development', 'commitment', 'lives', 'class', 'Toffee', 'JazzCash', 'Pakistan', 'population', 'companies', 'lifestyles', 'opportunity', 'world', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'extension', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'occurrence']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,prnewswire.com
1364,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/issuance-4th-tranche-500-000-164500562.html,Issuance of a 4th tranche of €500 000 of notes convertibles into new shares,Issuance of a 4th tranche of €500 000 of notes convertibles into new shares DEINOVE strengthens its cash position to finance its working capital needs and the pursuance of the Phase II clinical trial evaluating DNV3837 in patients with severe Clostridioides difficile infection DEINOVE (Euronext Growth Paris: ALDEI) ,"DeinoveIssuance of a 4th tranche of €500 000 of notes convertibles into new sharesDEINOVE strengthens its cash position to finance its working capital needs and the pursuance of the Phase II clinical trial evaluating DNV3837 in patients with severe Clostridioides difficile infectionDEINOVE (Euronext Growth Paris: ALDEI)  a French biotech company  pioneer in the exploration and exploitation of bacterial biodiversity to address the urgent  global challenge of antibiotic resistance  announces today the issuance of a 4th tranche of notes convertible into new shares (the ""OC"") as part of the agreement entered into in September 20211 with the European Select Growth Opportunities Fund (the ""Investor"") relating to a financing through the issuance of OC for a maximum nominal amount of €10 million  with a 5% face discount upon conversion into shares  not bearing interest and with no stock subscription warrants attached  over a maximum period of 24 months.This 4th tranche is composed of 50 OCA with a nominal value of EUR 10 000 each  representing a total amount of EUR 500 000  fully subscribed by the Investor today  in accordance with the contract signed in September 2021.The characteristics of the OC and their theoretical dilutive impact are detailed in the press release dated September 14  2021.The objectives of this issue for DEINOVE is to finance its working capital needs  including the discovery of new antimicrobial leads on the Company’s platform  and to continue the Phase II clinical trial evaluating DNV3837 in patients with severe Clostridioides difficile infection.ABOUT DEINOVEDEINOVE is a French biotechnology company pioneering the exploration of a new domain of life  unexplored at 99.9%: the “microbial dark matter”. By revealing the metabolic potential of rare bacteria or still classified as uncultivable  it tackles a global health and economic challenge: antimicrobial resistance.The new therapies discovered and developed by DEINOVE target superbugs (microbes that have become resistant to one or more antimicrobials) that cause life-threatening infections which are now spreading at high speed.Story continuesThis breakthrough approach gave rise to one of the world’s first specialized micro-biotechnology platforms and a unique collection of nearly 10 000 rare strains and thousands of bacterial extracts. Today  DEINOVE is conducting several development programs  of which its first antibiotic candidate is currently evaluated in a Phase II clinical trial in severe Clostridioides difficile infections  one of the world’s first emergencies. The Company has also developed new bacterial micro-factories that address the other issue in the race against antimicrobial resistance: the industrial production of these rare and low concentrated compounds with often too complex chemical structures to be generated by chemical synthesis.Located at the heart of the Euromedecine park in Montpellier  DEINOVE has been listed on EURONEXT GROWTH® (ALDEI - code ISIN FR0010879056) since 2010. The Company has over 50 employees and relies on a network of world-class academic  technological  industrial and institutional partners.CONTACTSInvestorsMario AlcarazChief Financial and Administrative Officer+33 (0)4 48 19 01 00ir@deinove.comMediaATCG Partners – Marie PUVIEUX+33 (0)9 81 87 46 72 / +33 (0)6 10 54 36 72communication@deinove.com1 See press release September 14  2021 on the Company’s websiteAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.03,mixed,0.15,0.22,0.63,True,English,"['4th tranche', 'notes convertibles', 'new shares', 'Issuance', 'European Select Growth Opportunities Fund', 'Phase II clinical trial', 'severe Clostridioides difficile infection', 'first specialized micro-biotechnology platforms', 'working capital needs', 'stock subscription warrants', 'theoretical dilutive impact', 'microbial dark matter', 'several development programs', 'low concentrated compounds', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'first antibiotic candidate', 'complex chemical structures', 'French biotech company', 'urgent, global challenge', 'French biotechnology company', 'new antimicrobial leads', 'new bacterial micro-factories', 'maximum nominal amount', 'EURONEXT GROWTH®', 'life-threatening infections', 'first emergencies', 'antibiotic resistance', 'maximum period', 'nominal value', 'total amount', 'global health', 'economic challenge', 'chemical synthesis', 'bacterial biodiversity', 'new domain', 'antimicrobial resistance', 'new therapies', 'bacterial extracts', '4th tranche', 'new shares', 'cash position', '5% face discount', 'press release', 'metabolic potential', 'high speed', 'breakthrough approach', 'unique collection', 'The Company', 'Euromedecine park', 'institutional partners', 'Mario Alcaraz', 'Chief Financial', 'Administrative Officer', 'ATCG Partners', 'Marie PUVIEUX', 'website Attachment', 'rare bacteria', '10,000 rare strains', 'notes convertibles', 'other issue', 'industrial production', 'Deinove', 'Issuance', 'pursuance', 'DNV3837', 'patients', 'ALDEI', 'pioneer', 'exploration', 'exploitation', 'agreement', 'September', 'Investor', 'financing', 'conversion', 'interest', '24 months', '50 OCA', 'accordance', 'contract', 'characteristics', 'objectives', 'discovery', 'superbugs', 'microbes', 'antimicrobials', 'Story', 'rise', 'world', 'thousands', 'race', 'heart', 'Montpellier', 'code', 'ISIN', '50 employees', 'network', 'CONTACTS', 'Media', 'communication']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,uk.finance.yahoo.com
1365,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.pharmiweb.com/press-release/2022-03-23/sanofi-moves-forward-with-euroapi-listing-on-euronext-paris,Sanofi moves forward with EUROAPI listing on Euronext Paris,Sanofi moves forward with EUROAPI listing on Euronext Paris Sanofi will give its shareholders the opportunity to be part of EUROAPI’s new chapter of growth through an additional extraordinary dividend in kindEUROAPI listing on Euronext Paris will occur in H1 2022 ,Sanofi moves forward with EUROAPI listing on Euronext Paris Sanofi will give its shareholders the opportunity to be part of EUROAPI’s new chapter of growth through an additional extraordinary dividend in kindEUROAPI listing on Euronext Paris will occur in H1 2022  despite volatile market conditionsThe French State  through the fund French Tech Souveraineté  intends to acquire 12% of EUROAPI’s capital for up to €150 million from Sanofi to become a long-term reference shareholder of EUROAPIAs planned  Sanofi will continue to hold circa 30% of EUROAPI  post transactionThe overall transaction is subject to approval at the Sanofi 2022 Shareholders Meeting  and the AMF approval on EUROAPI’s French prospectus Paris  March 18 2022. Today marks a major milestone for EUROAPI  a leading European company dedicated to the development  production and marketing of active pharmaceutical ingredients* (API)  as Sanofi’s Board of Directors unanimously proposed  on March 17th  to submit to its shareholders the distribution of circa 58% of the share capital of EUROAPI. In addition to the previously proposed €3.33 cash dividend per Sanofi share  this additional extraordinary dividend  exclusively in kind  is subject to shareholders approvalat Sanofi’s May 3  2022 Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting. If approved  the distribution will take place shortly after the listing of EUROAPI’s shares on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  subject to the approval of the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on EUROAPI’s French prospectus  which will be made available to the public ahead of Sanofi’s Shareholders’ Meeting. Through this transaction  Sanofi is giving its shareholders the opportunity to take part in the success of a leading player in the API market with strong ambitions to become a global champion on a growing and dynamic market  and due to be listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris. In connection with the proposed spin-off  French Tech Souveraineté has agreed to purchase12% in EUROAPI shares from Sanofi for up to €150 million  with the acquisition price to be determined based upon the thirty day volume weighted average trading price (“VWAP”) of EUROAPI’s shares on Euronext Paris  starting on the first day of trading. As a result  French Tech Souveraineté will become a long-term reference shareholder of EUROAPI and will be represented by two non-executive members on EUROAPI's Board of Directors  including Benjamin Paternot and another member to be determined. French Tech Souveraineté’s investment is subject to approval of the spin-off by Sanofi’s shareholders and other customary conditions. Post transaction  Sanofi confirms that it will hold circa 30% of the share capital and voting rights of EUROAPI and will remain a long-term strategic partner  supporting EUROAPI’s growth ambitions as an independent company over the coming years. In addition to its highly diversified customer base of approximately 530 customers  EUROAPI benefits from a strong and long-term customer relationship with Sanofi  which represented nearly half of EUROAPI’s revenues in 2021. In line with its “Play to Win” strategy aiming at simplifying its operations  Sanofi announced in February 2020 its ambition to create a new world leader in APIs to secure significant manufacturing and supply capacities that are critical for patients in Europe and beyond  in a context of increasing shortage of medicines essential to patient care. In 2021  Sanofi announced several critical steps in this journey with the unveiling of the creation of EUROAPI and the appointment of Karl Rotthier as its CEO in January  the appointment of Viviane Monges as Chair of the Supervisory Board in July and the finalization of the carve-out in December 2021. Despite volatile market conditions  Sanofi has decided to move forward with the listing process of EUROAPI. As an independent stand-alone company  EUROAPI will be able to fully unlock its growth potential  offering the best alignment of strategy  value creation and financial objectives for all of Sanofi’s shareholders. With a diversified technology portfolio  EUROAPI is positioned as the world's leading manufacturer of small molecule API (including complex chemical synthesis molecules  biochemical molecules from fermentation and highly potent molecules). It was the world's second largest manufacturer of APIs (including both small and large molecules such as peptides and oligonucleotides) in 2021 and number seven in the global CDMO (Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization) market in 20201. EUROAPI develops  manufactures  markets and distributes APIs and intermediates used in the formulation of medicines for human and veterinary use  both from originators and generics  through its API Solutions business and CDMO activities. Drawing on more than 150 years of experience in the growing API market  EUROAPI has a network of six production sites  all of which are located in Europe  and delivers around 200 APIs to approximately 530 customers in over 80 countries. The company will be able to rely on the expertise of around 3 350 employees and expects to achieve consolidated sales of around EUR 1 billion in the year ending December 31  2022. Further details regarding the specifics of the distribution  including the parity  and the timetable of the spin-off will be set forth in EUROAPI’s French prospectus. Following the AMF’s approval of EUROAPI’s French prospectus  Sanofi and EUROAPI’s management teams will host a dedicated Capital Markets Day on April 1  2022 at 1:30 pm CET to present EUROAPI’s business in greater detail (event registration details are available here). *About Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs) Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs) are the chemical or biological substances in a medicine that have a therapeutic effect. They are the essential molecules used in the composition and manufacture of any medicine. About Sanofi We are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions. Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY About French Tech Souveraineté Launched in June 2020 by the French government  French Tech Souveraineté is an investment envelope managed by Bpifrance  with both proactive and defensive vocation. It already has a first pocket of €150M to support French technology companies developing future technologies of a sovereign nature  which may fall prey to large foreign players or be overtaken by competitors who are able to finance themselves better. Media Relations Sandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.com Nicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.com Investor Relationsinvestor.relations@sanofi.com France: + 33 1 53 77 45 45 | U.S.: + 1 908 981 5560 Shareholders hotline Contact: + 33 8 05 29 21 06 Notice This press release does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation to purchase or subscribe for securities in France  the United Kingdom  the United States of America  Canada  Australia  Japan or any other jurisdiction. No communication and no information in respect of the dividend distribution of the shares of EUROAPI (the “Shares”) may be sent to the public in any jurisdiction where a registration or approval is required. Any distribution of the Shares may be subject to specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. Neither Sanofi nor EUROAPI assumes any responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. Notice to holders of American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”) Pursuant to the terms of the deposit agreement between JP Morgan  as Depositary  Sanofi and the owners and beneficial owners of American Depositary Receipts  as the Depositary deems the distribution of EUROAPI shares to ADS holders not to be feasible  the Depositary may adopt such method as it may reasonably deem equitable and practicable for the purpose of effecting the distribution of EUROAPI shares  including the sale of the EUROAPI shares and distribution of the net cash proceeds of the sale to ADR holders on the relevant record date. Sanofi Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things Sanofi’s and EUROAPI’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that COVID-19 and recent armed conflicts will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 or recent armed conflicts on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements. 1 Company’s estimate based on third-party market research conducted using the annual reports published by the main industrial players in the APIs sector  public databases (including Capital IQ and Orbis) as well as interviews with market experts.,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,negative,0.04,0.36,0.61,True,English,"['EUROAPI listing', 'Euronext Paris', 'Sanofi', 'thirty day volume weighted average trading price', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'complex chemical synthesis molecules', 'The French State', 'French Tech Souveraineté', 'long-term reference shareholder', 'active pharmaceutical ingredients', 'two non-executive members', 'other customary conditions', 'long-term strategic partner', 'diversified customer base', 'long-term customer relationship', 'several critical steps', 'diversified technology portfolio', 'additional extraordinary dividend', 'volatile market conditions', 'second largest manufacturer', 'API Solutions business', 'Manufacturing Organization) market', 'six production sites', 'independent stand-alone company', 'leading European company', 'small molecule API', 'Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'new world leader', 'growing API market', 'acquisition price', 'first day', 'March 17th', 'Sanofi 2022 Shareholders Meeting', 'French prospectus', 'leading manufacturer', 'independent company', '€3.33 cash dividend', 'new chapter', 'regulated market', 'dynamic market', 'significant manufacturing', 'biochemical molecules', 'potent molecules', 'large molecules', 'leading player', 'major milestone', 'global champion', 'Benjamin Paternot', 'voting rights', 'supply capacities', 'patient care', 'Karl Rotthier', 'Viviane Monges', 'best alignment', 'financial objectives', 'global CDMO', 'veterinary use', 'CDMO activities', 'Euronext Paris', 'post transaction', 'overall transaction', 'listing process', 'share capital', 'growth ambitions', 'growth potential', 'strong ambitions', 'coming years', 'value creation', 'Contract Development', 'Supervisory Board', 'Sanofi share', 'shareholders approval', 'AMF approval', 'EUROAPI listing', 'EUROAPI shares', '150 years', 'opportunity', 'kind', 'H1', 'fund', 'marketing', 'Directors', 'distribution', 'May', '2022 Ordinary', 'place', 'public', 'success', 'connection', 'spin-off', 'VWAP', 'result', 'investment', '530 customers', 'half', 'revenues', 'line', 'strategy', 'operations', 'February', 'APIs', 'patients', 'context', 'shortage', 'medicines', 'journey', 'unveiling', 'appointment', 'CEO', 'January', 'Chair', 'July', 'finalization', 'December', 'fermentation', 'peptides', 'oligonucleotides', 'markets', 'intermediates', 'formulation', 'human', 'originators', 'generics', 'experience', 'network', '80 countries', 'expertise']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,pharmiweb.com
1366,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@euronext . The company like @UniCredit_PR is not afraid to lose face by cooperating directly with the Russian gove… https://t.co/KHiNbRIDG3,nan,@euronext . The company like @UniCredit_PR is not afraid to lose face by cooperating directly with the Russian gove… https://t.co/KHiNbRIDG3,negative,0.19,0.26,0.55,negative,0.19,0.26,0.55,True,English,"['Russian gove', 'euronext', 'company', 'face', 'KHiNbRIDG3', 'Russian gove', 'euronext', 'company', 'face', 'KHiNbRIDG3']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1367,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Acquisition Action VERALLIA17 mars 2022Euronext ParisAcquisitionAction21.9848  € x 131 239.0000TOTAL = 2885… https://t.co/Y7yrhhSE6w,nan,Acquisition Action VERALLIA17 mars 2022Euronext ParisAcquisitionAction21.9848  € x 131 239.0000TOTAL = 2885… https://t.co/Y7yrhhSE6w,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Acquisition Action', 'Euronext Paris', 'VERALLIA', '17 mars', 'Acquisition Action', 'Euronext Paris', 'VERALLIA', '17 mars']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1368,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,La réponse d’Euronext :Our API is currently available to institutional clients (i.e. companies) only. However  a… https://t.co/aHU5CgP6GJ,nan,La réponse d’Euronext :Our API is currently available to institutional clients (i.e. companies) only. However  a… https://t.co/aHU5CgP6GJ,neutral,0.04,0.9,0.06,neutral,0.04,0.9,0.06,True,English,"['La réponse', 'institutional clients', 'Euronext', 'API', 'companies', 'aHU5CgP6GJ', 'La réponse', 'institutional clients', 'Euronext', 'API', 'companies', 'aHU5CgP6GJ']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1369,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@euronext Good afternoon!  Then I send you information and a false document issued by Caixabank  due to the fact th… https://t.co/iaF0bsp6bW,nan,@euronext Good afternoon!  Then I send you information and a false document issued by Caixabank  due to the fact th… https://t.co/iaF0bsp6bW,mixed,0.47,0.03,0.49,mixed,0.47,0.03,0.49,True,English,"['false document', 'euronext', 'information', 'Caixabank', 'fact', 'iaF0bsp6bW', 'false document', 'euronext', 'information', 'Caixabank', 'fact', 'iaF0bsp6bW']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1370,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Trading Halted for $BARRA.OL  BARRAMUNDI GROUP | at 13:55 CET / 08:55 ET on Euronext MERK | 2022-03-23… https://t.co/rirKSQl2ha,nan,Trading Halted for $BARRA.OL  BARRAMUNDI GROUP | at 13:55 CET / 08:55 ET on Euronext MERK | 2022-03-23… https://t.co/rirKSQl2ha,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['OL  BARRAMUNDI GROUP', 'Euronext MERK', 'Trading', '$BARRA', '13:55 CET', 'rirKSQl2ha', '08:55', 'OL  BARRAMUNDI GROUP', 'Euronext MERK', 'Trading', '$BARRA', '13:55 CET', 'rirKSQl2ha', '08:55']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1371,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,CROSSJECT. CONFIG INTERESSANTE.#ALCJ #EURONEXT #TRADING #PROREALTIME https://t.co/h5XOYIfT8W,nan,CROSSJECT. CONFIG INTERESSANTE.#ALCJ #EURONEXT #TRADING #PROREALTIME https://t.co/h5XOYIfT8W,positive,0.99,0.0,0.01,positive,0.99,0.0,0.01,True,English,"['CONFIG INTERESSANTE', 'CROSSJECT', 'ALCJ', 'EURONEXT', 'TRADING', 'PROREALTIME', 'CONFIG INTERESSANTE', 'CROSSJECT', 'ALCJ', 'EURONEXT', 'TRADING', 'PROREALTIME']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1372,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,PN30 HDLV INDEX - MID MONTH UPDATENordic Resilience - our HDLV index with 30 listed @Nasdaq Nordic and @Euronext… https://t.co/gLYP5xRhTo,nan,PN30 HDLV INDEX - MID MONTH UPDATENordic Resilience - our HDLV index with 30 listed @Nasdaq Nordic and @Euronext… https://t.co/gLYP5xRhTo,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['MID MONTH UPDATE', 'PN30 HDLV INDEX', 'Nordic Resilience', 'Nasdaq Nordic', 'gLYP5xRhTo', 'MID MONTH UPDATE', 'PN30 HDLV INDEX', 'Nordic Resilience', 'Nasdaq Nordic', 'gLYP5xRhTo']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1373,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Scale Ireland’s steering group and founders had a great meeting with @leo_clancy of @Entirl at @euronext_ie offices… https://t.co/y6Z4kGq2tV,nan,Scale Ireland’s steering group and founders had a great meeting with @leo_clancy of @Entirl at @euronext_ie offices… https://t.co/y6Z4kGq2tV,positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Scale Ireland', 'steering group', 'great meeting', 'founders', 'y6Z4kGq2tV', 'Scale Ireland', 'steering group', 'great meeting', 'founders', 'y6Z4kGq2tV']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1374,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,SPAC.#FPN #EURONEXT #TRADING #PROREALTIME https://t.co/BCeiLPbRlE,nan,SPAC.#FPN #EURONEXT #TRADING #PROREALTIME https://t.co/BCeiLPbRlE,negative,0.07,0.15,0.78,negative,0.07,0.15,0.78,True,English,"['SPAC', 'FPN', 'EURONEXT', 'TRADING', 'PROREALTIME', 'BCeiLPbRlE', 'SPAC', 'FPN', 'EURONEXT', 'TRADING', 'PROREALTIME', 'BCeiLPbRlE']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
1375,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Sanofi moves forward with EUROAPI listing on Euronext Parishttps://t.co/CECjui8eFT#PharmaNews… https://t.co/Nc2jAn3kmk,nan,Sanofi moves forward with EUROAPI listing on Euronext Parishttps://t.co/CECjui8eFT#PharmaNews… https://t.co/Nc2jAn3kmk,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['EUROAPI listing', 'Euronext Paris', 'Sanofi', 'CECjui8eFT', 'Nc2jAn3kmk', 'EUROAPI listing', 'Euronext Paris', 'Sanofi', 'CECjui8eFT', 'Nc2jAn3kmk']",2022-03-23,2022-03-23,Unknown
