UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
25296,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/3I-GROUP-PLC-4007143/news/3i-Notice-of-AGM-2023-43932820/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,3i : Notice of AGM 2023,(marketscreener.com)    3i Group Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023   This document is important and requires your immediate attention. If you are in any doubt about the action you should take  you should consult an independent adviser authorised und…,"3i : Notice of AGM 2023 05/24/2023 | 05:16am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields 3i Group Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 This document is important and requires your immediate attention. If you are in any doubt about the action you should take  you should consult an independent adviser authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 in the United Kingdom  or another appropriately authorised independent adviser. If you have sold or transferred all of your shares in 3i Group plc  please send this document and the accompanying proxy form to the purchaser  transferee or agent through whom you acted for forwarding to the purchaser or transferee. Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 11.00am Thursday 29 June 2023 3i Group plc An investment company (as defined in section 833 of the Companies Act 2006) registered in England and Wales under No. 1142830. Registered Office: 16 Palace Street  London SW1E 5JD. Dear Shareholder I have pleasure in sending you our Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023. The Meeting will be held at The Queen Elizabeth II Conference Centre  Broad Sanctuary  Westminster  London SW1P 3EE on Thursday 29 June 2023 at 11.00am. Following the disruption caused by the Covid-19 pandemic in 2020 and 2021  and the continuing uncertainty in 2022  I am very pleased that this year we are not aware of any reason which should prevent us from holding our AGM as normal. I very much hope we will see a good number of you at the meeting. We will of course keep the situation under review. Whether or not you intend to attend the AGM you can view the webcast of our Annual results presentation 2023  given by our Chief Executive and Group Finance Director on 11 May 2023  on our website at https://www.3i.com/investor-relations/results-centre/ Also  whether or not you intend to attend the AGM in person the Board strongly encourages you to vote on all the resolutions set out in the Notice of AGM by appointing the Chairman of the Meeting to cast your votes as directed. This is to ensure that your vote is counted. Details on how to submit your proxy vote by post  online or through CREST are set out on page 4. All resolutions will be voted on by a poll. Yours sincerely David Hutchison Chairman 10 May 2023 Important note: In the unlikely event that developments make it necessary or desirable to change the arrangements or venue for the 2023 AGM we will give details on our website at www.3i.com and make an announcement to the London Stock Exchange. Please check the Company's website before travelling to the Meeting in case any changes to the AGM have been made. 1 3i Group Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 Notice of Annual General Meeting Notice is hereby given that the fiftieth Annual General Meeting of 3i Group plc (the ""Company"") will be held at The Queen Elizabeth II Conference Centre  Broad Sanctuary  Westminster  London SW1P 3EE on Thursday 29 June 2023 at 11.00 am to transact the business set out below. To consider and  if thought fit  pass the following as ordinary resolutions: To receive and consider the Company's accounts and the reports of the Directors and the Auditor for the year to 31 March 2023. To approve the Directors' remuneration report (other than the part containing the Directors' remuneration policy) for the year to 31 March 2023. To approve the Directors' remuneration policy in the form set out in the Directors' remuneration report  such policy to take effect from the date this resolution is passed. THAT the limit on the aggregate of all fees paid to Directors pursuant to Article 90 of the Company's Articles of Association (excluding amounts payable under any other provision of the Articles) be increased from £1 000 000 to £1 250 000 per annum. To declare a dividend of 29.75p per ordinary share for the year to 31 March 2023  payable to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members at close of business on 23 June 2023. To reappoint Mr S A Borrows as a Director. To reappoint Mr S W Daintith as a Director. To reappoint Ms J H Halai as a Director. To reappoint Mr J G Hatchley as a Director. To reappoint Mr D A M Hutchison as a Director. To reappoint Ms L M S Knox as a Director. To reappoint Ms C L McConville as a Director. To reappoint Mr P A McKellar as a Director. To reappoint Ms A Schaapveld as a Director. To appoint KPMG LLP as Auditor of the Company to hold office until the end of the next General Meeting at which Accounts are laid before members. To authorise the Directors  acting through the Audit and Compliance Committee  to fix the Auditor's remuneration. THAT the Company and any company which is or becomes a subsidiary of the Company at any time during the period for which this resolution has effect be authorised to: make political donations to political parties and/or independent election candidates not exceeding £20 000 in total; make political donations to political organisations other than political parties not exceeding £20 000 in total; and incur political expenditure not exceeding £20 000 in total  during the period until the end of next year's Annual General Meeting (or  if earlier  until the close of business on 28 September 2024) PROVIDED THAT the aggregate amount of political donations and political expenditure made or incurred by the Company and its subsidiaries pursuant to this resolution shall not exceed £20 000. Any terms used in this resolution which are defined in Part 14 of the Companies Act 2006 shall bear the same meaning for the purposes of this resolution. 18. THAT the Directors be generally and unconditionally authorised  in substitution for all subsisting authorities  to allot shares in the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for or convert any security into shares in the Company: up to a nominal amount of £239 642 253 (such amount to be reduced by the nominal amount allotted or granted under paragraph (b) below in excess of such sum); and comprising equity securities (as defined in section 560(1) of the Companies Act 2006) up to a nominal amount of £479 284 506 (such amount to be reduced by any allotments or grants made under paragraph (a) above) in connection with an offer by way of a rights issue: i. to ordinary shareholders in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings; and to holders of other equity securities as required bythe rights of those securities or as the Directors otherwise consider necessary  and so that the Directors may impose any limits or restrictions and make any arrangements which they consider necessary or appropriate to deal with treasury shares  fractional entitlements  record dates  legal  regulatory or practical problems in  or under the laws of  any territory or any other matter  such authorities to apply until the end of next year's Annual General Meeting (or  if earlier  until the close of business on 28 September 2024) but  in each case  during this period the Company may make offers and enter into agreements which would  or might  require shares to be allotted or rights to subscribe for or convert securities into shares to be granted after the authority ends and the Directors may allot shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert securities into shares under any such offer or agreement as if the authority had not ended. 2 3i Group Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 To consider and  if thought fit  pass the following as special resolutions: 19. THAT  if resolution 18 is passed  the Directors be given the power to allot equity securities (as defined in the Companies Act 2006) for cash under the authority given by resolution 18 and/or to sell ordinary shares held by the Company as treasury shares for cash as if section 561 of the Companies Act 2006 did not apply to any such allotment or sale  such power to be limited: to the allotment of equity securities and sale of treasury shares for cash in connection with an offer of  or invitation to apply for  equity securities (but in the case of the authority granted under paragraph (b) of resolution 18  by way of a rights issue only): to ordinary shareholders in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings; and to holders of other equity securities  as required by the rights of those securities  or as the Directors otherwise consider necessary  and so that the Directors may impose any limits or restrictions and make any arrangements which they consider necessary or appropriate to deal with treasury shares  fractional entitlements  record dates  legal  regulatory or practical problems in  or under the laws of  any territory or any other matter; and in the case of the authority granted under paragraph (a) of resolution 18 and/or in the case of any sale of treasury shares for cash  to the allotment (otherwise than under paragraph (a) above) of equity securities or sale of treasury shares up to a nominal amount of £35 946 338 such power to apply until the end of next year's Annual General Meeting (or  if earlier  until the close of business on 28 September 2024) but  in each case  during this period the Company may make offers  and enter into agreements  which would  or might  require equity securities to be allotted (and treasury shares to be sold) after the power ends and the Directors may allot equity securities (and sell treasury shares) under any such offer or agreement as if the power had not ended. 20. THAT  if resolution 18 is passed  the Directors be given the power in addition to any power granted under resolution 19 to allot equity securities (as defined in the Companies Act 2006) for cash under the authority granted under paragraph (a) of resolution 18 and/or to sell ordinary shares held by the Company as treasury shares for cash as if section 561 of the Companies Act 2006 did not apply to any such allotment or sale  such power to be: limited to the allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares up to a nominal amount of £35 946 338; and used only for the purposes of financing a transaction which the Directors of the Company determine to be an acquisition or other capital investment of a kind contemplated by the Statement of Principles on Disapplying Pre-Emption Rights most recently published by the Pre-Emption Group prior to the date of this notice or for the purposes of refinancing such a transaction within twelve months of it taking place  such power to apply until the end of next year's Annual General Meeting (or  if earlier  until the close of business on 28 September 2024) but  in each case  during this period the Company may make offers  and enter into agreements  which would  or might  require equity securities to be allotted (and treasury shares to be sold) after the power ends and the Directors may allot equity securities (and sell treasury shares) under any such offer or agreement as if the power had not ended. 21. THAT the Company be authorised to make one or more market purchases (as defined in section 693(4) of the Companies Act 2006) of its ordinary shares of 73 19/22p each such power to be limited: to a maximum number of 97 000 000 ordinary shares; by the condition that the minimum price which may be paid for an ordinary share is the nominal amount of that share; and by the condition that the maximum price which may be paid for an ordinary share is the highest of: an amount equal to 5% above the average market value of an ordinary share for the five business days immediately preceding the day on which that ordinary share is contracted to be purchased; and the higher of the price of the last independent trade and the highest current independent purchase bid on the trading venues where the purchase is carried out  in each case  exclusive of expenses  such authority to apply until the end of next year's Annual General Meeting (or  if earlier  until the close of business on 28 September 2024) but in each case so that the Company may enter into a contract to purchase ordinary shares which would or might be completed or executed wholly or partly after the authority ends and the Company may purchase ordinary shares pursuant to any such contract as if the authority had not ended. 22. THAT a General Meeting other than an Annual General Meeting may be called on not less than 14 clear days' notice. By order of the Board K J Dunn Secretary 10 May 2023 3 3i Group Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 Notes The Annual General Meeting (""AGM"" or ""Meeting"") is a meeting of members (that is to say  shareholders) which the Company must hold each year. It is a private meeting for shareholders  proxies  duly authorised representatives and the Company's Auditor. Non- shareholders  including spouses and partners and Nominated Persons  are not entitled to admission to the Meeting. Any disabled shareholder may  however  be accompanied and the person accompanying them need not be a shareholder. In order to attend or vote at the Meeting  a member must be entered on the Company's Register of Members at 6.30pm on 27 June 2023 (or  if there is an adjournment  6.30pm on the date which is two days before the time of the adjourned Meeting). A member will only be entitled to vote in respect of shares registered in the member's name at that time. Changes to entries on the Company's Register of Members after that time will be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend or vote at the Meeting. Voting will be conducted on a poll at the Meeting. The Company believes that a poll is more representative of the shareholders' voting intentions than a show of hands because shareholder votes are counted according to the number of shares held and all votes tendered are taken into account. Changes of circumstances - Important Note The Directors are currently not aware of any reason which would prevent the Company from holding the 2023 AGM as a normal in-person meeting. In the unlikely event that developments (whether relating to Covid-19 or anything else) make it necessary or desirable to change the arrangements or venue for the 2023 AGM  the Company will give details on 3i's website at www.3i.com and make an announcement to the London Stock Exchange. Please check the Company's website before travelling to the Meeting in case any changes to the AGM arrangements have been made. Please exercise good judgement and do not attend the Meeting if you have symptoms of Covid-19 or have tested positive for Covid-19 on the day of  or in the days leading up to  the Meeting. Appointment of proxies A member entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting may appoint one or more proxies to attend  speak and vote instead of the member  provided each proxy is appointed to exercise rights attached to a different share or shares held by that member. A proxy need not be a member. Appointment of a proxy will not preclude a member from attending and voting in person at the Meeting. Members may appoint proxies using the following methods: 1) Proxy Form Members should complete the Form of Proxy enclosed (unless members receive electronic communications in which case this will not have been provided). To be effective this should be lodged with the Company's Registrars  Equiniti  Aspect House  Spencer Road  Lancing BN99 6DA at least 48 hours before the appointed time of the Meeting (that is to say  no later than 11.00am on 27 June 2023) or  in the event of any adjournment  at least 48 hours before the time of the adjourned Meeting. 2) Via the Sharevote website (www.sharevote.co.uk) Proxy appointment and voting directions may be registered electronically via the Company's Registrar's website  www. sharevote. co.uk using the unique Voting ID  Task ID and unique Shareholder Reference Number as stated on the enclosed Form of Proxy. (Members who receive electronic communications should use their existing log-in details). To be valid  such a registration must be received at least 48 hours before the appointed time of the Meeting (that is to say  no later than 11.00am on 27 June 2023) or  in the event of any adjournment  at least 48 hours before the time of the adjourned Meeting. Members using electronic communications should read the terms and conditions of use carefully. Electronic communication facilities are available to all shareholders and those who use them will not be disadvantaged. 3) Using the CREST proxy voting service CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies may do so by using the CREST electronic proxy appointment service described in the CREST Manual (available at www.euroclear. com). To be valid  such an appointment must be received at least 48 hours before the time of the Meeting (that is to say  no later than 11.00am on 27 June 2023) or  in the event of any adjournment  at least 48 hours before the time of the adjourned Meeting. For a proxy appointment made by means of CREST to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a ""CREST Proxy Instruction"") must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited's specifications  must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual  and  regardless of whether it relates to the appointment of a proxy or to an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy  must be transmitted so as to be received by the Company's agent (ID RA19) by the latest time for receipt of proxy appointments specified above. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST applications host) at which the Company's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. Normal system timings and limitations will apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his/her CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting system providers are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. 4 3i Group Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 4) Proxymity If you are an institutional investor you may be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform  a process which has been agreed by the Company and approved by the Registrar. For further information regarding Proxymity  please go to www.proxymity.io. Your proxy must be lodged by 11.00am on 27 June 2023 in order to be considered valid. Before you can appoint a proxy via this process you will need to have agreed to Proxymity's associated terms and conditions. It is important that you read these carefully as you will be bound by them and they will govern the electronic appointment of your proxy. When two or more valid but differing proxy appointments are received in respect of the same share for use at the same meeting or poll  the proxy received last by the Company's Registrars before the latest time for the receipt of proxies will take precedence  regardless of its date or of the date of its signature. If the Company's Registrars are unable to determine which was last delivered  none of them shall be treated as valid in respect of that share. In accordance with the Company's articles of association  if a member appoints more than one proxy and the proxy forms appointing those proxies would give those proxies the apparent right to exercise votes at the Meeting over more shares than are held by the member  then each of those proxy forms will be invalid and none of the proxies so appointed will be entitled to attend  speak or vote at the Meeting. In the case of joint holders of a share the vote of the senior who tenders a vote  whether in person or by proxy  shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders and  for this purpose  seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names stand in the Company's Register of Members in respect of the joint holding. Nominated Persons If you are not a member of the Company but have been nominated by a member of the Company under section 146 of the Companies Act 2006 to enjoy information rights  you do not have a right to appoint a proxy and the information given above on how a member may appoint a proxy or proxies does not apply to you. However: You may have a right under an agreement between you and the member of the Company who has nominated you to have information rights (the ""Relevant Member"") to be appointed or to have someone else appointed as a proxy for the Meeting.If you either do not have such a right or if you have such a right but do not wish to exercise it  you may have a right under an agreement between you and the Relevant Member to give instructions to the Relevant Member as to the exercise of voting rights. Your main point of contact in terms of your investment in the Company remains the Relevant Member (or  if applicable  your custodian or broker) and you should continue to contact them (and not the Company) regarding any changes or queries relating to your personal details and your interest in the Company (including any administrative matters). The only exception to this is where the Company expressly requests a response from you. Multiple corporate representatives A corporation which is a member can appoint one or more corporate representatives to exercise on its behalf all of its powers as a member provided that more than one corporate representative does not do so in relation to the same shares. Electronic communications with Shareholders Shareholders may elect to receive shareholder communications electronically in future by visiting our Registrars' website at www. shareview.co.uk and following the instructions there to register. Shareholders will then be e-mailed  at the appropriate times each year  a link to an electronic copy of the Notice of AGM and the annual report and accounts  rather than receiving hard copies. Shareholders may also make proxy appointments and give voting instructions electronically via the shareview website (www.sharevote.co.uk). Members who have general queries about the Meeting  not including the return of proxies which should be done using the link provided above  may use the following means of communication  but this method of communication may not be used for the return of proxies or other purposes: calling our shareholder helpline on +44 (0)371 384 2031. Please use the country code when calling from outside the UK. (Lines are open 8.30am to 5.30pm  Monday to Friday.) You may not use any electronic address provided either in this Notice of AGM or any related documents (including the proxy form) to communicate with the Company for any purposes other than those expressly stated. Shareholder questions A member attending the Meeting may ask questions. The Company must cause to be answered any such question relating to the business of the Meeting but no such answer need be given if (a) this would interfere unduly with the preparation for the Meeting or involve the disclosure of confidential information  (b) the answer has already been given on a website as an answer to a question  or (c) it is undesirable in the interests of the Company or the good order of the Meeting that the question be answered. Audit information on website Members meeting the threshold requirements in section 527 of the Companies Act 2006 can require the Company to publish on its website a statement setting out any matter relating to (i) the audit of the Company's accounts (including the Auditor's report and the conduct of the audit) that are to be laid before the AGM or (ii) any circumstance connected with an auditor of the Company ceasing to hold office since the previous AGM which in each case they intend to raise at the AGM. The Company may not require the shareholders requesting any such publication to pay its expenses. Any statement placed on a website under this section must also be forwarded to the Company's Auditor no later than when it is placed on the website. The business which may be dealt with at the AGM includes any statement that the Company has been required to publish on its website. 5 This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it  access the original document here. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer 3i Group plc published this content on 24 May 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 24 May 2023 09:15:09 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about 3I GROUP PLC 05/24 3i : Notice of AGM 2023 PU 05/23 Dutch Bakery combines with coolback to create 3i-backed European Bakery Group AQ 05/15 FTSE 100 Closes Higher  Outperforming European Peers  Lifted by Miners DJ 05/12 JD Wetherspoon CEO sells shares for GBP140 423 AN 05/11 FTSE 100 Closes Thursday Down 0.1% After BOE Rate Hike DJ 05/11 Transcript : 3i Group plc  2023 Earnings Call  May 11  2023 CI 05/11 3i Group hails double-digit jump in annual net asset value AN 05/11 British Investor 3i Group Posts Higher Profit  Total Return in FY23 MT 05/11 Earnings Flash (III.L) 3I GROUP Posts FY23 EPS GBX473.80 MT 05/11 3I Group plc Recommends a Second Fiscal Year 2023 Dividend CI Analyst Recommendations on 3I GROUP PLC 05/05 Redburn cuts Flutter; Stifel likes IMI AN 01/27 JPMorgan raises 888; Peel Hunt cuts Antofagasta AN 01/20 Bank of America raises Asos  boohoo to 'buy' AN",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.1,0.33,True,English,"['Notice', 'AGM', 'The Queen Elizabeth II Conference Centre', 'Ms L M S Knox', 'Mr D A M Hutchison', 'Mr S A Borrows', 'Mr S W Daintith', 'Ms C L McConville', 'Mr J G Hatchley', 'Mr P A McKellar', 'Ms J H Halai', 'fiftieth Annual General Meeting', 'Ms A Schaapveld', 'Annual General Meeting Notice', 'Annual results presentation', 'multiple email addresses', '3i Group plc', 'next General Meeting', 'independent election candidates', 'London Stock Exchange', '3i Group Notice', ""Directors' remuneration report"", 'accompanying proxy form', 'Group Finance Director', ""Directors' remuneration policy"", 'David Hutchison', 'independent adviser', 'London SW1E', 'London SW1P', 'immediate attention', 'Financial Services', 'Markets Act', 'United Kingdom', 'Companies Act', '16 Palace Street', 'Dear Shareholder', 'Broad Sanctuary', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'continuing uncertainty', 'good number', 'Chief Executive', 'proxy vote', 'Important note', 'unlikely event', 'other provision', 'ordinary share', 'KPMG LLP', 'Compliance Committee', 'political donations', 'political parties', 'political organisations', 'political expenditure', 'First name', 'Registered Office', 'ordinary resolutions', 'Thursday 29 June', 'investment company', '23 June', 'AGM', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'document', 'doubt', 'action', 'shares', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'agent', 'section', 'England', 'Wales', 'No.', 'pleasure', 'Westminster', '11.00am', 'disruption', 'reason', 'course', 'situation', 'review', 'webcast', '11 May', 'website', 'investor-relations', 'person', 'Board', 'Chairman', 'votes', 'Details', 'post', 'CREST', 'page', 'poll', 'developments', 'arrangements', 'venue', 'announcement', 'case', 'changes', 'business', 'accounts', 'reports', 'Auditor', 'year', '31 March', 'effect', 'limit', 'aggregate', 'fees', 'Article', 'Association', 'amounts', 'shareholders', 'names', 'Members', 'close', 'subsidiary', 'time', 'period', 'total', '05', '29.']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25297,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.afr.com/policy/foreign-affairs/eu-mulls-seizing-profits-of-323b-frozen-russian-assets-20230525-p5dbcp,EU mulls seizing profits of $323b frozen Russian assets,Officials are exploring a legal route of sending proceeds from Russian funds stuck at settlement house Euroclear to Ukraine.,That cash is reinvested by Euroclear and it is the profits generated by the reinvestment that EU officials are interested in diverting to Ukraine.As a standard practice  Euroclear lends out its clients’ cash balances to minimise credit risk and retains the interest earned. The current environment of high interest rates  together with the unusual accumulation of payments due to the sanctions  have led to bumper profits for the settlement house. In the first quarter of this year  Euroclear reported €734 million of interest on cash balances from Russia-sanctioned assets.“It’s not entirely clear who this interest belongs to ” one person familiar with the discussions said. Tapping into the interest for the benefit of Ukraine was “uncharted territory”  the person said  “but we believe that it could be done”.Some officials believe this principle could be applied to a broader range of frozen Russian assets  including those stuck at Luxembourg settlement house Clearstream.Another person familiar with the matter said that “financial institutions don’t know what to do with this money” and that the option of diverting profits to aid Ukraine seemed promising.Several people cautioned that the legal implications still needed to be reviewed  and such a move would likely need broader international backing as it could affect financial markets. Euroclear held €35.6 trillion of securities in 2022.AdvertisementThe EU is also considering actively managing the profits to generate more money  the people said. This could be done through an asset management vehicle  or through Euroclear itself  which would invest the assets according to instructions.However  that move could have legal implications for an institution that usually only acts as a custodian. One person said a balance needed to be found between “protecting the role of Euroclear” and “siphoning off money to Ukraine”.Euroclear is facing lawsuits from counterparties in Russia to force the company to hand over the payments. The settlement house said in March it would not distribute “any profits related to the Russian sanctions until the situation becomes clearer”.The Belgian government has said separately that it intends to use the tax income from the profits generated by the frozen assets at Euroclear to help Ukraine  spending the money on military and humanitarian assistance as well as to help refugees. According to a government official  Belgium expects to earn at least €625 million in tax from the interest this year.EU officials aim to present more concrete proposals regarding the Russian assets at a meeting of EU leaders at the end of June.The commission said it “has been exploring ways of using Russian frozen and immobilised assets” to “ensure that Russia pays for the damages caused in Ukraine”. It said that discussions were ongoing with international partners but were “both legally and technically complex”.Euroclear and Clearstream declined to comment.Financial Times,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,mixed,0.23,0.18,0.6,True,English,"['$323b frozen Russian assets', 'EU', 'profits', 'asset management vehicle', 'broader international backing', 'Luxembourg settlement house', 'clients’ cash balances', 'high interest rates', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Russian frozen', 'broader range', 'international partners', 'standard practice', 'credit risk', 'current environment', 'unusual accumulation', 'first quarter', 'uncharted territory', 'financial institutions', 'legal implications', 'financial markets', 'The EU', 'Belgian government', 'humanitarian assistance', 'government official', 'concrete proposals', 'EU leaders', 'Financial Times', 'Russian sanctions', 'EU officials', 'Russia-sanctioned assets', 'one person', 'Several people', 'tax income', 'Euroclear', 'profits', 'reinvestment', 'Ukraine', 'payments', 'year', 'discussions', 'benefit', 'principle', 'Clearstream', 'matter', 'money', 'option', 'move', 'securities', 'Advertisement', 'instructions', 'custodian', 'role', 'lawsuits', 'counterparties', 'company', 'March', 'situation', 'military', 'refugees', 'Belgium', 'meeting', 'end', 'June', 'commission', 'ways', 'damages']",2023-05-25,2023-05-25,afr.com
25298,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-attend-annual-general-meeting-063000058.html,NOTICE TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN HOYLU AB (PUBL),N.B. This English text is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original of the notice to attend the annual general meeting in Hoylu AB (publ)  and in case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation ,"Hoylu ABN.B. This English text is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original of the notice to attend the annual general meeting in Hoylu AB (publ)  and in case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail.NOTICE TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN HOYLU AB (PUBL)The board of directors in Hoylu AB (publ)  reg. no. 559084–6381 (the ""Company"") hereby convenes the annual general meeting to be held at 10:00 (CEST) on 26 June 2023 at the premises of Eversheds Sutherland Advokatbyrå located at Sveavägen 20  Stockholm. Registration begins at 09:45 (CEST).PARTICIPATIONShareholders who wish to attend the annual general meeting must:be recorded as shareholders in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on 15 June 2023; andnotify the Company of their participation no later than on 19 June 2023  preferable before 16:00 (CEST). Notification to attend the annual general meeting shall be made by e-mail to bolagsstamma@hoylu.com or by post to Eversheds Sutherland Advokatbyrå AB  Att: Hoylu AGM  box 140 55  104 40 Stockholm. The notification must state full name  personal identification number or registration number  shareholding  address  phone number and  where applicable  the name of a proxy or assistant (maximum 2). The notification should be accompanied  where applicable  by powers of attorney  registration certificates and other documents of authority.NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARESShareholders whose shares are nominee-registered must  in order to have the right to attend the annual general meeting  temporarily re-register their shares in their own name. Such registration  which normally takes a few days  must be effected (registered with Euroclear Sweden AB) no later than 19 June 2023 and nominees should therefore be instructed to do so well in advance.PROXYShareholders represented by proxy shall issue a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder. The power of attorney may not be issued earlier than one year before the date of the general meeting  with the exception of the power of attorney specifies a longer period  up to a maximum of five years. A power of attorney issued by a legal entity shall have a registration certificate attached  or if such certificate does not exist  equivalent documents. Original power of attorney and any registration certificate should  in advance of the general meeting be sent to the Company at the address above. A proxy form may be ordered from the Company and will be available on the Company’s website www.hoylu.com.PROPOSED AGENDA1. Opening of the annual general meeting2. Appointment of a chairperson of the general meeting3. Preparation and approval of the voting register4. Appointment of one (1) or two (2) persons to verify the minutes of the meeting5. Determination of whether the annual general meeting has been duly convened6. Approval of the agenda7. Presentation of the annual accounts and the auditor’s report as well as the consolidated annual accounts and the auditor's report on the consolidated annual accounts8. Resolution on:a) Adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet b) allocation of the Company’s profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet  andc) discharge from liability for the members of the board of directors and the managing director.9. Determination on the remuneration to the board of directors and the auditor10. Appointment of the members of the board of directors and the auditor11. Resolution on (a) a directed issue of shares (equalisation issue); (b) changes to the articles of association; and (c) a reverse share split12. Resolution to a) resolve on a new share-based incentive programme through b) a directed issue of warrants and c) approval of the transfer of warrants13. Resolution to authorise the board of directors to resolve on new issues of shares  convertible notes and/or warrants14. Resolution to authorise the board of directors to undertake minor adjustments of the resolutions15. Closure of the annual general meetingPROPOSED RESOLUTIONSResolution allocation of the Company’s profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet (item 8b)The board of directors proposes that all retained earnings and profits from the financial year 2022 is carried forward. The board of directors proposes that no dividend is paid for the financial year 2022.Determination on the remuneration to the board of directors and the auditor (item 9)A remuneration amounting to a total of SEK 700 000 is proposed to be distributed to the board of directors  of which SEK 250 000 is to be distributed to the chairman of the board of directors and SEK 150 000 each to the other directors appointed by the annual general meeting. A director who is also employed by the Company shall not receive any remuneration.Remuneration to the auditor shall be paid according to current and approved invoices.Appointment of the members of the board of directors and the auditor (item 10)It is proposed that the number of directors shall consist of four (4)  until the end of the next annual general meeting  without deputies.It is proposed to re-elect Johan Lindqvist as board member and chairman and to re-elect each of Reidar Fougner  Fredrik Urbanski  Hans Othar Blix as directors of the board.The board further proposes that the registered auditing firm Deloitte AB is re-elected for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting (with the authorised auditor Henrik Ekström as auditor-in-charge).Resolution on (a) a directed issue of shares (equalisation issue); (b) changing the articles of association; and (c) a reverse share split (item 11)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on a reverse share split whereby twenty (20) existing shares will be merged into one (1) share (1:20) in accordance with (c) below. To enable the reverse share split  the board proposes that the annual general meeting also resolves on a directed issue of shares (equalisation issue) and to change § 5 in the articles of association in accordance with (a)-(b) below.(a) Directed share issue (equalisation issue)To achieve a number of shares in the Company that is equally divided by twenty (20) prior to the proposed reverse share split in accordance with (c) below  the Company shall issue shares in accordance with the following.The Company shall issue four (4) shares with a quota value of SEK 0.01  which entails an increase in share capital by SEK 0.04. The subscription price shall be SEK 0.01 per share  corresponding to the quota value of each share. The reason for the subscription price to be set to the quota value is to compensate the subscriber for granting shares free of charge to all shareholders who do not have a shareholding that is equally divided by 20 in the proposed reversed share split in accordance with (c) below. The right to subscribe for the shares shall  with deviation from the shareholders pre-emptive rights  be granted to Alden AS. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders pre-emptive rights is that the directed issue is carried out for the purposes of achieving a total number of shares that is equally divided by twenty (20) prior to the proposed reversed share split in accordance with (c) below. Subscription of shares shall be made on a separate subscription list  no later than on 30 June 2023. The board of directors is entitled to extend the subscription period. Payment for subscribed shares shall be made in cash to the Company no later than on 30 June 2023. The board of directors is entitled to extend the period for payment. Over subscription is not possible. The new shares shall carry a right to dividends for the first time on the record date for dividends that occurs immediately after the new shares have been entered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB.(b) Changing the articles of associationTo enable the reverse share split that is proposed in accordance with (c) below  the board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to change the limits in the articles of association for the number of outstanding shares in the company in § 5 in accordance with the following.§ 5 Number of sharesCurrent wording Proposed wording The number of shares shall be no lower than 900 000 000 and no higher than 3 600 000 000. The number of shares shall be no lower than 45 000 000 and no higher than 180 000 000.(c) Reverse share splitThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on a reverse share split whereby twenty (20) existing shares are merged to one (1) new share (1:20). The reverse share split will result in that the number of shares is decreased to a total of 49 209 834. The quota value of the share amounts to SEK 0.01  after registration of the completed rights issue and the decrease in share capital  and will after the reverse share split be SEK 0.2.The purpose of the reverse share split is to achieve a more appropriate number of shares. The shareholder Alden AS has agreed to  without consideration  allocate shares to those shareholders whose number of shares is not equally divided by twenty (20). This means that all shareholders in the reverse split will hold shares corresponding to a whole number of shares and there will be no excess shares (so-called fractions).The resolution shall be registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. The record date for the reverse share split will be 12 July 2023.The board of directors' proposals according to (a) – (c) above constitute a combined proposal and shall be made as one resolution.A valid resolution requires that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.Resolution to a) resolve on a new share-based incentive program through b) a directed issue of warrants and c) approval of the transfer of warrants (Item 12)The board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to carry out a share-based incentive program for certain employees in the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Incentive Program 2023/2027”) in accordance with what is stated under section a) below.In order to secure the Company’s commitments under the Incentive Program 2023/2027  the board of directors also proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on a directed issue of warrants in accordance with what is stated under section b) below and resolve to approve the transfer of warrants to certain employees in the Company and its subsidiaries as specified under section c) below.a) Resolution on the adoption of a new share-based incentive programThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to adopt the Incentive Program 2023/2027 on the following principal terms and conditions:The Incentive Program 2023/2027 shall consist of a maximum of 60 000 000 warrants (corresponding to an amount of 3 000 000 warrants  after the reversed share split in item 11 above).Every warrant entitles to subscription of one new share in the Company against payment of a subscription price amounting to SEK 0.15 (corresponding to SEK 3.00 after the reverse share split in Item 11 above). The subscription price and the number of shares that each warrant entitles to may be subject to recalculation as a result of a bonus issue  split  rights issue and similar measures  whereby the conditions for re-calculation in the complete terms and conditions applicable for the warrants shall be applied.The Incentive Program 2023/2027 shall be offered to management and employees in the Company or the Company’s subsidiaries. An offer shall be made in accordance with the following principles:a) Senior Management Consisting of up to 5 people  shall be offered to acquire no more than 4 000 000 warrants  amounting to a total of no more than 20 000 000 warrants (corresponding to an amount of 1 000 000 warrants after the registration of the reverse share split in item 11 above)*b) Other employees Consisting of up to 30 people  shall be offered to acquire no more than 666 660 warrants  amounting to a total of no more than 20 000 000 warrants (corresponding to an amount of 1 000 000 warrants after the registration of the reverse share split in item 11 above)*c) Future employees Consisting of up to 30 people  shall be offered to acquire no more than 666 660 warrants  amounting to a total of no more than 20 000 000 warrants (corresponding to an amount of 1 000 000 warrants after the registration of the reverse share split in item 11 above)**The allocation of warrants in each category will partly be subject to each participant  holding warrants under the previous Employee Stock Option Program 2019  the Incentive Program 2020/2023A  Incentive Program 2021/2025 and/or the Incentive program 2022/2025 (the “Previous Incentive Programs”)  waiving all its rights under the Previous Incentive Programs. In this respect  the allocation will be made on a 1:1 ratio (or if the reverse split has been registered on a 1:20 ratio)  implying that each holder will be offered one (1) new warrant in the Incentive Program 2023/2027 in exchange for waiving its right to each warrant in a previous program. For the avoidance of doubt  holders of warrants in the Previous Incentive Programs that are no longer active consultants or employed by the Company or its subsidiaries will not be subject to this offer. In addition  and subject to the approval of this Item 12 as well as the registration of the warrants under the Incentive Program 2023/2027 with the Swedish Companies Registration Office  the board of directors intends to cancel all warrants that are waived under the Previous Incentive Programs.The notification to participate in Incentive Program 2023/2027 shall be submitted to the Company no later than 30 November 2023. The board of directors has the right to extend such period.Allotted warrants are earned during a period of three years as follows: 1/3 of the allotted warrants will be earned on 31 December 2024; 1/3 of the allotted warrants will be earned on 31 December 2025; and 1/3 of the allotted warrants will be earned on 31 December 2026.Earnings require that the participant be still employed by the Company and has not terminated the employment on the day when the respective earnings take place. In the event that participant ceases to be employed or terminate their employment with the Company before a vesting day  already earned warrants may be exercised at the ordinary time for exercise as described below  but further earnings will not take place.The warrants are granted free of charge.The warrants shall not constitute securities and cannot be transferable or pledged. However  the rights under the warrants are transferred to the decedent estate in connection with the participant’s death.The participants in the Incentive Program 2023/2027 can exercise allotted and earned warrants during the period from 1 January 2027 to 31 January 2027.Participation in Incentive Program 2023/2027 presupposes that such participation can legally take place and that such participation  according to the Company’s assessment  can take place with reasonable administrative costs and financial contributions.b) Resolution on a directed issue of warrantsIn order to enable the Company’s delivery of shares according to the Incentive Program 2023/2027 and to secure related costs  the board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on a directed issue of a maximum of 60 000 000 warrants (corresponding to an amount of 3 000 000 warrants after registration of the reverse share split in item 11 above) and on approval of transfer of warrants on the following principal terms and conditions:With deviation from shareholders’ pre-emptive right  the warrants may only be subscribed for by Hoylu AB (publ). The reason for the deviation from shareholders’ pre-emptive rights is that the warrants may be used within the framework of the Incentive Program 2023/2027.Subscription by the Company shall be made on 31 July 2023 at the latest. The board of directors shall have the right to postpone the subscription date. Oversubscription may not occur.The warrants shall be issued without consideration. The reason is that the warrants are issued to the Company as part of the adoption of the Incentive Program 2023/2027.Each warrant entitles to subscription of one new share in the Company against payment of a subscription price amounting to SEK 0.15. Payment for a new share in the Company can be made in cash or by way of set-off.The subscription price and the number of shares that each warrant entitles to may be subject to recalculation as a result of  inter alia  bonus issue  split  reverse split and rights issues. Complete terms and conditions will be available on the Company's website.The shares that are added through the exercise of option rights entitle the holder to dividend from the first record date for dividends that occur after the share has been entered into the Company’s share register.Upon full exercise of the warrants  up to 60 000 000 shares may be issued  (corresponding to 3 000 000 shares after registration of the reverse share split in item 11 above)  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 5.75 per cent of the Company’s share capital and votes.c) Resolution on approval of transfer of warrantsThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve that the Company may transfer warrants to participants in the Incentive Program 2023/2027 without consideration in connection with warrants being exercised in accordance with the conditions under section a) above or otherwise disposing of the warrants to secure the Company’s commitments and costs in relation to the Incentive Program 2023/2027.Additional information on the Incentive Program 2023/2027The reason for the adoption of the Incentive Program 2023/2027 and the deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights to subscribe for new warrants is to be able to create opportunities for the Company and its subsidiaries to retain competent personnel by offering long-term ownership commitment for the employees. Such ownership involvement is expected to stimulate employees to increase their interest in the business and the earnings trend and increase the sense of belonging to the Company. The board of directors considers that the Incentive Program 2023/2027 may cause costs in the form of accounting costs and partly in the form of employer’s social contributions. The proposal has been prepared by the Company’s board of directors.Dilution effectThe total number of shares and votes in the Company amounts to 91 743 922 at the time of issuing of the notice. After registration of the completed rights issue  the number of shares in the company will amount to 984 196 676. After the reversed share split in Item 11 the number of shares in the Company will amount to 49 209 834. If all warrants under the Incentive program 2023/2027 are subscribed and exercised  the number of shares will increase by 60 000 000 (corresponding to an amount of 3 000 000 shares after registration of the reverse share split in item 11 above)  corresponding to a maximum dilution of approximately 5.75 per cent of the total number of shares and votes in the Company.Other outstanding incentive programsThe Company has at the time of the general meeting five (5) outstanding incentive programs for senior executives  key employees  and other employees in the Company  as well as an incentive program for the Company’s board of directors. The Company’s outstanding programs are: (i) Employee Stock Option Program 2019 with exercise period from January 1  2023 – June 30  2023  (ii) Incentive program 2020/2023A with exercise period January 1  2024 – June 30  2024  (iii) Incentive program 2020/2023B with exercise period January 1  2024 – June 30  2024  (iv) Incentive Program 2021/2025 with exercise period January 1  2025 – June 30  2025 and (v) Incentive Program 2022/2025 with exercise period January 1  2025 – June 30  2025.A valid resolution requires that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing at least nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.Resolution to authorise the board of directors to resolve on new issues of shares  convertible notes and/or warrants (item 13)The board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorises the board to resolve  on one or more occasions  during the period and until the end of the next annual general meeting  to increase the Company’s share capital through new issue of shares  convertible loan notes  and/or warrants to the extent permitted by the articles of association from time to time.New issue of shares  as well as issue of warrants and convertible loan notes  shall be able to take place with or without deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  against cash payment  for payment in kind  by way of set-off  or on conditions following from Chapter 2  Section 5 of the Swedish Companies Act. According to Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act  this authorisation does not authorise the board of directors to resolve on issue to board of directors and/or employees of the Company.A valid resolution pursuant to this item requires that the resolution be supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.Resolution to authorise the board of directors to undertake minor adjustments of the resolutions (item 14)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorises the board  the CEO or the person otherwise designated by the board  to undertake such minor adjustments and clarifications of the decisions made at the annual general meeting to the extent required for registration of the resolutions.OTHERNumber of shares and votes in the CompanyAs the date of this notice  the total number of registered shares in the Company is 91 743 922 representing a total of 91 743 922 votes. The share capital amounts to SEK 7 563 279.006801. After registration of the completed rights issue and the decrease in share capital  the number of shares in the Company will amount to 984 196 676 representing a total of 984 196 676 votes. The share capital will then amount to SEK 9 841 966.76 resulting in a quota value of SEK 0.01. The Company holds no own shares.Shareholders’ right to informationShareholders are informed of their right under Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act to request information about circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item of business on the agenda and about circumstances that may affect the assessment of the Company's financial situation. The board and the CEO shall provide such information if the board considers that this can be done without significant damage to the Company. The duty of disclosure also applies to the Company's relationships with other companies in the group and such circumstances as detailed above applicable to subsidiaries.Shareholders have a right to ask the Company questions at the annual general meeting on the items and proposals to be considered at the annual general meeting.DocumentsThe annual accounts  consolidated annual accounts  auditor’s report  proxy forms and other documents related to the resolutions proposed to the annual general meeting will be available at the Company’s head office and on the Company’s webpage  www.hoylu.com  no later than three (3) weeks prior to the annual general meeting and will also be sent to those shareholders who so request and provide their postal address. The documents will also be available at the annual general meeting.Stockholm in May 2023Hoylu AB (publ)The board of directorsFor more information  please contact:Truls Baklid  CEO Hoylu + 47 924 38 900 Email: tob@hoylu.comKarl Wiersholm  CFO Hoylu + 1 425 829 2316 Email: kw@hoylu.comAbout HoyluHoylu’s visual collaboration technology empowers distributed teams to translate ideas into actions. Large enterprises as well as small and medium companies rely on Hoylu to run projects  programs  and initiatives across time zones and continents as seamlessly as when working in the same room.For more information: www.hoylu.comTicker symbol: HoyluMarketplace: Nasdaq First North Growth StockholmCertified Adviser: Mangold Fondkommission AB +46 (0) 8 50 301 550; ca@mangold.sePublicationThe information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out above  at 08:30 AM CEST on May 25  2023.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.6,0.39,0.01,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'HOYLU AB', 'NOTICE', 'PUBL', 'new share-based incentive programme', 'Eversheds Sutherland Advokatbyrå AB', 'consolidated annual accounts', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'reverse share split', 'annual general meeting', 'personal identification number', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'new issues', 'Hoylu AB', 'share register', 'phone number', 'registration number', 'N.B.', 'English text', 'unofficial translation', 'Swedish original', 'Swedish text', 'English translation', 'Sveavägen', 'Hoylu AGM', 'other documents', 'longer period', 'five years', 'legal entity', 'equivalent documents', 'voting register', 'two (2) persons', 'directed issue', 'equalisation issue', 'convertible notes', 'minor adjustments', 'financial year', 'approved invoices', 'registration certificates', 'Such registration', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'managing director', 'PROPOSED RESOLUTIONS', 'dated power', 'Original power', 'full name', 'proxy form', 'NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARES', 'other directors', 'Resolution allocation', 'notice', 'publ', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'board', 'Company', '26 June', 'premises', 'Stockholm', 'PARTICIPATION', 'Shareholders', '15 June', '19 June', 'Notification', 'mail', 'bolagsstamma', 'post', 'Att', 'box', 'shareholding', 'address', 'assistant', 'powers', 'authority', 'order', 'right', 'days', 'nominees', 'advance', 'written', 'exception', 'maximum', 'website', 'Opening', 'Appointment', 'chairperson', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'report', 'Adoption', 'profit', 'loss', 'discharge', 'liability', 'members', 'remuneration', 'changes', 'articles', 'association', 'warrants', 'transfer', 'Closure', 'item', 'earnings', 'total', 'SEK', 'chairman', 'current', '10:00', '09']",2023-05-25,2023-05-25,finance.yahoo.com
25299,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/96971/tmx-and-clearstream-to-launch-canadian-collateral-management-service,TMX and Clearstream to launch Canadian collateral management service,TMX Group Limited (TMX Group) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream)  the international central securities depository of Deutsche Börse Group  today announced plans to launch a new  automated Canadian Collateral Management Service  or CCMS.,Source: CklearstreamTMX Group Limited (TMX Group) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream)  the international central securities depository of Deutsche Börse Group  today announced plans to launch a new  automated Canadian Collateral Management Service  or CCMS.Together  TMX Group and Clearstream are working to leverage the combined strength of their complementary services to develop and deliver the CCMS  which will include the introduction of Canada's first domestic triparty repo capability.“We are pleased to work together with Clearstream  a world-leader in post-trade infrastructure and securities services in pursuit of a customised mobility and liquidity solution for Canada’s secured finance industry ” said John McKenzie  Chief Executive Officer of TMX Group. “In keeping with our purpose to make markets better and empower bold ideas  TMX is firmly committed to seeking out innovative  workable solutions to client challenges and strengthening Canada’s financial ecosystem. The new CCMS will enable our clients to better meet the continuously evolving collateral requirements of today’s markets  while supporting the growth of repos as an investment product for Canadian buy and sell side clients.”Sam Riley  Chief Executive Officer of Clearstream Securities Services  added: “It is at the heart of Clearstream’s collateral management strategy to provide our clients with reliable and scalable state-of-the-art solutions that reduce the frictional costs of trading through transparency and automation. In TMX  we have found an excellent partner to deliver our proven first-class triparty repo capability to the Canadian market. CCMS will deliver increased liquidity and efficiency while minimising exposures  supporting the Canadian market on its endeavor to move to T+1. Clients will also benefit from Clearstream’s industry-leading technology and digital innovation  such as the cloud-based  digital collateral schedule capability known as OSCAR.”Targeted for launch in the third quarter of 2023  the new CCMS will facilitate optimisation and collateralisation of securities finance activities throughout the Canadian market.The initial phase of the CCMS will be offered to market participants in Canada’s secured funding market  providing an automated and efficient process throughout the transaction cycle. The CCMS will also support the industry shift to a T+1 settlement cycle for the Canadian and US markets in 2024  to promote increased efficiencies and collateral mobility  while reducing operational risk.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['Canadian collateral management service', 'TMX', 'Clearstream', 'first domestic triparty repo capability', 'new, automated Canadian Collateral Management Service', 'cloud-based, digital collateral schedule capability', 'first-class triparty repo capability', 'international central securities depository', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Clearstream Banking S.A.', 'collateral management strategy', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'securities finance activities', 'secured finance industry', 'innovative, workable solutions', 'T+1 settlement cycle', 'TMX Group Limited', 'Clearstream Securities Services', 'collateral requirements', 'collateral mobility', 'digital innovation', 'new CCMS', 'Canadian buy', 'art solutions', 'Canadian market', 'transaction cycle', 'industry shift', 'complementary services', 'combined strength', 'post-trade infrastructure', 'customised mobility', 'John McKenzie', 'bold ideas', 'client challenges', 'financial ecosystem', 'investment product', 'Sam Riley', 'scalable state', 'frictional costs', 'excellent partner', 'industry-leading technology', 'third quarter', 'initial phase', 'market participants', 'funding market', 'efficient process', 'operational risk', 'liquidity solution', 'The CCMS', 'US markets', 'side clients', 'Source', 'Cklearstream', 'plans', 'introduction', 'Canada', 'world-leader', 'pursuit', 'purpose', 'today', 'growth', 'repos', 'sell', 'heart', 'reliable', 'trading', 'transparency', 'automation', 'efficiency', 'exposures', 'endeavor', 'OSCAR', 'launch', 'collateralisation', 'efficiencies']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,finextra.com
25300,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Borse-TMX-Group-and-Clearstream-announce-plans-to-launch-new-Canadian-Collateral-Manageme-43932580/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,Deutsche Börse : TMX Group and Clearstream announce plans to launch new Canadian Collateral Management,(marketscreener.com)  Datum: 24. Mai. 2023| Clearstream   TMX Group and Clearstream announce plans to launch new Canadian Collateral Management    - TMX and European post-trade services provider Clearstream join forces to launch Canadian Collateral Ma…,"Datum: 24. Mai. 2023 | ClearstreamTMX Group Limited (TMX Group) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream)  the international central securities depository of Deutsche Börse Group  today announced plans to launch a new  automated Canadian Collateral Management Service  or CCMS. Together  TMX Group and Clearstream are working to leverage the combined strength of their complementary services to develop and deliver the CCMS  which will include the introduction of Canada's first domestic triparty repo capability.""We are pleased to work together with Clearstream  a world-leader in post-trade infrastructure and securities services in pursuit of a customised mobility and liquidity solution for Canada's secured finance industry "" said John McKenzie  Chief Executive Officer of TMX Group. ""In keeping with our purpose to make markets better and empower bold ideas  TMX is firmly committed to seeking out innovative  workable solutions to client challenges and strengthening Canada's financial ecosystem. The new CCMS will enable our clients to better meet the continuously evolving collateral requirements of today's markets  while supporting the growth of repos as an investment product for Canadian buy and sell side clients.""Sam Riley  Chief Executive Officer of Clearstream Securities Services  added: ""It is at the heart of Clearstream's collateral management strategy to provide our clients with reliable and scalable state-of-the-art solutions that reduce the frictional costs of trading through transparency and automation. In TMX  we have found an excellent partner to deliver our proven first-class triparty repo capability to the Canadian market. CCMS will deliver increased liquidity and efficiency while minimising exposures  supporting the Canadian market on its endeavor to move to T+1. Clients will also benefit from Clearstream's industry-leading technology and digital innovation  such as the cloud-based  digital collateral schedule capability known as OSCAR.""Targeted for launch in the third quarter of 2023  the new CCMS will facilitate optimisation and collateralisation of securities finance activities throughout the Canadian market.The initial phase of the CCMS will be offered to market participants in Canada's secured funding market  providing an automated and efficient process throughout the transaction cycle. The CCMS will also support the industry shift to a T+1 settlement cycle for the Canadian and US markets in 2024  to promote increased efficiencies and collateral mobility  while reducing operational risk.For more information  please visit our website.About TMX GroupTMX Group operates global markets  and builds digital communities and analytic solutions that facilitate the funding  growth and success of businesses  traders and investors. TMX Group's key operations include Toronto Stock Exchange  TSX Venture Exchange  TSX Alpha Exchange  The Canadian Depository for Securities  Montréal Exchange  Canadian Derivatives Clearing Corporation  and Trayport which provide listing markets  trading markets  clearing facilities  depository services  technology solutions  data products and other services to the global financial community. TMX Group is headquartered in Toronto and operates offices across North America (Montréal  Calgary  Vancouver and New York)  as well as in key international markets including London  Singapore and Vienna. For more information about TMX Group  visit our website at www.tmx.com.About ClearstreamClearstream is the innovative and trusted post-trade business for the global markets. It runs the leading securities and funds servicing ecosystems of tomorrow.The company operates the German and Luxembourg central securities depositories and an international central securities depository for the Eurobonds market. With 17 trillion Euros in assets under custody  it is one of the world's largest settlement and custody firms for domestic and international securities.It also delivers premier fund execution  distribution  data and reporting services  covering over 50 fund markets worldwide.Clearstream is part of Deutsche Börse Group  an international exchange organisation and provider of innovative market infrastructures.To learn more  visit us at www.clearstream.com or connect via LinkedIn.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.78,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['new Canadian Collateral Management', 'Deutsche Börse', 'TMX Group', 'Clearstream', 'plans', 'new, automated Canadian Collateral Management Service', 'first domestic triparty repo capability', 'cloud-based, digital collateral schedule capability', 'first-class triparty repo capability', 'Luxembourg central securities depositories', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Canadian Derivatives Clearing Corporation', 'Clearstream Banking S.A.', 'international central securities depository', 'collateral management strategy', 'international exchange organisation', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'TSX Venture Exchange', 'TSX Alpha Exchange', 'securities finance activities', 'The Canadian Depository', 'premier fund execution', 'secured finance industry', 'Toronto Stock Exchange', 'Montréal Exchange', 'global financial community', 'key international markets', 'innovative market infrastructures', 'TMX Group Limited', 'innovative, workable solutions', 'T+1 settlement cycle', 'Clearstream Securities Services', 'international securities', 'collateral requirements', 'collateral mobility', 'depository services', 'digital innovation', 'digital communities', 'clearing facilities', 'New York', 'Canadian market', 'leading securities', 'Canadian buy', 'financial ecosystem', 'transaction cycle', 'key operations', 'largest settlement', 'new CCMS', '50 fund markets', 'global markets', 'complementary services', 'other services', 'reporting services', 'market participants', 'Eurobonds market', 'combined strength', 'post-trade infrastructure', 'customised mobility', 'John McKenzie', 'bold ideas', 'client challenges', 'investment product', 'Sam Riley', 'scalable state', 'art solutions', 'frictional costs', 'excellent partner', 'industry-leading technology', 'third quarter', 'initial phase', 'efficient process', 'increased efficiencies', 'operational risk', 'technology solutions', 'North America', 'post-trade business', '17 trillion Euros', 'The CCMS', 'US markets', 'listing markets', 'funding market', 'liquidity solution', 'data products', 'custody firms', 'trading markets', 'side clients', 'Datum', 'Mai', 'plans', 'introduction', 'Canada', 'world-leader', 'pursuit', 'purpose', 'today', 'growth', 'repos', 'heart', 'reliable', 'transparency', 'automation', 'efficiency', 'exposures', 'endeavor', 'OSCAR', 'launch', 'collateralisation', 'information', 'website', 'success', 'businesses', 'traders', 'investors', 'Trayport', 'offices', 'Calgary', 'Vancouver', 'London', 'Singapore', 'Vienna', 'funds', 'ecosystems', 'tomorrow', 'company', 'German', 'assets', 'distribution', 'provider', 'LinkedIn']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25301,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.afr.com/policy/foreign-affairs/eu-mulls-seizing-profits-of-323b-frozen-russian-assets-20230525-p5dbcp,EU mulls seizing profits of $323b frozen Russian assets,Officials are exploring a legal route of sending proceeds from Russian funds stuck at settlement house Euroclear to Ukraine.,That cash is reinvested by Euroclear and it is the profits generated by the reinvestment that EU officials are interested in diverting to Ukraine.As a standard practice  Euroclear lends out its clients’ cash balances to minimise credit risk and retains the interest earned. The current environment of high interest rates  together with the unusual accumulation of payments due to the sanctions  have led to bumper profits for the settlement house. In the first quarter of this year  Euroclear reported €734 million of interest on cash balances from Russia-sanctioned assets.“It’s not entirely clear who this interest belongs to ” one person familiar with the discussions said. Tapping into the interest for the benefit of Ukraine was “uncharted territory”  the person said  “but we believe that it could be done”.Some officials believe this principle could be applied to a broader range of frozen Russian assets  including those stuck at Luxembourg settlement house Clearstream.Another person familiar with the matter said that “financial institutions don’t know what to do with this money” and that the option of diverting profits to aid Ukraine seemed promising.Several people cautioned that the legal implications still needed to be reviewed  and such a move would likely need broader international backing as it could affect financial markets. Euroclear held €35.6 trillion of securities in 2022.AdvertisementThe EU is also considering actively managing the profits to generate more money  the people said. This could be done through an asset management vehicle  or through Euroclear itself  which would invest the assets according to instructions.However  that move could have legal implications for an institution that usually only acts as a custodian. One person said a balance needed to be found between “protecting the role of Euroclear” and “siphoning off money to Ukraine”.Euroclear is facing lawsuits from counterparties in Russia to force the company to hand over the payments. The settlement house said in March it would not distribute “any profits related to the Russian sanctions until the situation becomes clearer”.The Belgian government has said separately that it intends to use the tax income from the profits generated by the frozen assets at Euroclear to help Ukraine  spending the money on military and humanitarian assistance as well as to help refugees. According to a government official  Belgium expects to earn at least €625 million in tax from the interest this year.EU officials aim to present more concrete proposals regarding the Russian assets at a meeting of EU leaders at the end of June.The commission said it “has been exploring ways of using Russian frozen and immobilised assets” to “ensure that Russia pays for the damages caused in Ukraine”. It said that discussions were ongoing with international partners but were “both legally and technically complex”.Euroclear and Clearstream declined to comment.Financial Times,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,mixed,0.23,0.18,0.6,True,English,"['$323b frozen Russian assets', 'EU', 'profits', 'asset management vehicle', 'broader international backing', 'Luxembourg settlement house', 'clients’ cash balances', 'high interest rates', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Russian frozen', 'broader range', 'international partners', 'standard practice', 'credit risk', 'current environment', 'unusual accumulation', 'first quarter', 'uncharted territory', 'financial institutions', 'legal implications', 'financial markets', 'The EU', 'Belgian government', 'humanitarian assistance', 'government official', 'concrete proposals', 'EU leaders', 'Financial Times', 'Russian sanctions', 'EU officials', 'Russia-sanctioned assets', 'one person', 'Several people', 'tax income', 'Euroclear', 'profits', 'reinvestment', 'Ukraine', 'payments', 'year', 'discussions', 'benefit', 'principle', 'Clearstream', 'matter', 'money', 'option', 'move', 'securities', 'Advertisement', 'instructions', 'custodian', 'role', 'lawsuits', 'counterparties', 'company', 'March', 'situation', 'military', 'refugees', 'Belgium', 'meeting', 'end', 'June', 'commission', 'ways', 'damages']",2023-05-25,2023-05-25,afr.com
25302,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.moneyweb.co.za/mny_sens/reinet-investments-sca-reinet-investments-s-c-a-reinet-dividend-dates-in-respect-of-ordinary-shares-listed-on-the-jse-4/,REINET INVESTMENTS SCA – Reinet Investments S.C.A. (‘Reinet’) – dividend dates in respect of ordinary shares listed on the JSE,Euroclear Bank and Clearstream) and the clearing and settlement system for the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (Strate) between Tuesday  12 September 2023 and Friday  15 September 2023  both days inclusive  and no Reinet South African Shares may be ...,Euroclear Bank and Clearstream) and the clearing and settlement system for the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (Strate) between Tuesday  12 September 2023 and Friday  15 September 2023  both days inclusive  and no Reinet South African Shares may be ...,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Reinet Investments S.C.A.', 'REINET INVESTMENTS SCA', 'ordinary shares', 'dates', 'respect', 'JSE', 'Reinet South African Shares', 'Johannesburg Stock Exchange', 'Euroclear Bank', 'settlement system', 'Clearstream', 'clearing', 'Strate', 'Tuesday', 'September', 'Friday', 'days']",2023-05-25,2023-05-25,moneyweb.co.za
25303,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.tradersmagazine.com/news/tmx-clearstream-to-launch-canadian-collateral-management-service/,TMX  Clearstream to Launch Canadian Collateral Management Service,TMX Group and Clearstream Announce Plans to Launch New Canadian Collateral Management Service. TMX  Canada’s premier exchange group  collaborating with leading global post-trade,TMX Group and Clearstream Announce Plans to Launch New Canadian Collateral Management ServiceTMX  Canada’s premier exchange group  collaborating with leading global post-trade provider Clearstream to develop a tailored solution for Canada’s marketsTMX and European post-trade services provider Clearstream join forces to launch Canadian Collateral Management Service (CCMS)Exclusive domestic tri-party repo capability to increase liquidity and minimize exposure riskPlatform launch planned for third quarter of 2023May 24  2023 (TORONTO  LUXEMBOURG) – TMX Group Limited (TMX Group) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream)  the international central securities depository of Deutsche Börse Group  today announced plans to launch a new  automated Canadian Collateral Management Service  or CCMS. Together  TMX Group and Clearstream are working to leverage the combined strength of their complementary services to develop and deliver the CCMS  which will include the introduction of Canada’s first domestic triparty repo capability.“We are pleased to work together with Clearstream  a world-leader in post-trade infrastructure and securities services in pursuit of a customized mobility and liquidity solution for Canada’s secured finance industry ” said John McKenzie  Chief Executive Officer of TMX Group. “In keeping with our purpose to make markets better and empower bold ideas  TMX is firmly committed to seeking out innovative  workable solutions to client challenges and strengthening Canada’s financial ecosystem. The new CCMS will enable our clients to better meet the continuously evolving collateral requirements of today’s markets  while supporting the growth of repos as an investment product for Canadian buy and sell side clients.”Sam Riley  Chief Executive Officer of Clearstream Securities Services  added: “It is at the heart of Clearstream’s collateral management strategy to provide our clients with reliable and scalable state-of the-art solutions that reduce the frictional costs of trading through transparency and automation. In TMX  we have found an excellent partner to deliver our proven first-class triparty repo capability to the Canadian market. CCMS will deliver increased liquidity and efficiency while minimizing exposures  supporting the Canadian market on its endeavor to move to T+1. Clients will also benefit from Clearstream’s industry-leading technology and digital innovation  such as the cloud-based  digital collateral schedule capability known as OSCAR.”Targeted for launch in the third quarter of 2023  the new CCMS will facilitate optimization and collateralization of securities finance activities throughout the Canadian market.The initial phase of the CCMS will be offered to market participants in Canada’s secured funding market  providing an automated and efficient process throughout the transaction cycle. The CCMS will also support the industry shift to a T+1 settlement cycle for the Canadian and US markets in 2024  to promote increased efficiencies and collateral mobility  while reducing operational risk.For more information  please visit www.cds.ca/ccms.To celebrate the collaboration  executives from TMX and Clearstream will close the market at the TMX Market Centre on Wednesday  May 24  at 4:00 p.m. ET.For Market Closes: Media may pick up a feed from the TOC (television operations centre) for all market close ceremonies. The feed is named TSX Transmit 1 (HD-SDI) and is produced at the TMX Market Centre and sent live to the TOC. To pick up the feed via the Dejero network  please contact avservices@tmx.com. The client feature video will begin playing on the TMX media wall at approximately 3:59 p.m. ET  and the markets will close with the sound of a siren at 4:00 p.m. ET.About TMX Group (TSX:X)TMX Group operates global markets  and builds digital communities and analytic solutions that facilitate the funding  growth and success of businesses  traders and investors. TMX Group’s key operations include Toronto Stock Exchange  TSX Venture Exchange  TSX Alpha Exchange  The Canadian Depository for Securities  Montréal Exchange  Canadian Derivatives Clearing Corporation  and Trayport which provide listing markets  trading markets  clearing facilities  depository services  technology solutions  data products and other services to the global financial community. TMX Group is headquartered in Toronto and operates offices across North America (Montréal  Calgary  Vancouver and New York)  as well as in key international markets including London  Singapore and Vienna. For more information about TMX Group  visit our website at www.tmx.com. Follow TMX Group on Twitter: @TMXGroup.About ClearstreamClearstream is the innovative and trusted post-trade business for the global markets. It runs the leading securities and funds servicing ecosystems of tomorrow.The company operates the German and Luxembourg central securities depositories and an international central securities depository for the Eurobonds market. With 17 trillion Euros in assets under custody  it is one of the world’s largest settlement and custody firms for domestic and international securities. It also delivers premier fund execution  distribution  data and reporting services  covering over 50 fund markets worldwide.Clearstream is part of Deutsche Börse Group  an international exchange organisation and provider of innovative market infrastructures.To learn more  visit us at www.clearstream.com or connect via LinkedIn.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.8,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['Canadian Collateral Management Service', 'TMX', 'Clearstream', 'Exclusive domestic tri-party repo capability', 'first domestic triparty repo capability', 'new, automated Canadian Collateral Management Service', 'cloud-based, digital collateral schedule capability', 'New Canadian Collateral Management Service', 'first-class triparty repo capability', 'Luxembourg central securities depositories', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Canadian Derivatives Clearing Corporation', 'international central securities depository', 'European post-trade services provider', 'exposure risk Platform launch', 'Clearstream Banking S.A.', 'leading global post-trade provider', 'collateral management strategy', 'trusted post-trade business', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'TSX Venture Exchange', 'TSX Alpha Exchange', 'securities finance activities', 'The Canadian Depository', 'secured finance industry', 'television operations centre', 'client feature video', 'premier exchange group', 'global financial community', 'market close ceremonies', 'Montréal Exchange', 'key international markets', 'Toronto Stock Exchange', 'TMX Group Limited', 'TMX Market Centre', 'innovative, workable solutions', 'T+1 settlement cycle', 'TMX media wall', 'Clearstream Securities Services', 'leading securities', 'collateral requirements', 'collateral mobility', 'depository services', 'New York', 'Canadian market', 'post-trade infrastructure', 'Canadian buy', 'digital innovation', 'operational risk', 'digital communities', 'key operations', 'clearing facilities', 'new CCMS', 'complementary services', 'client challenges', 'financial ecosystem', 'transaction cycle', 'industry shift', 'other services', 'largest settlement', 'global markets', 'market participants', 'Market Closes', 'Eurobonds market', 'tailored solution', 'third quarter', 'combined strength', 'customized mobility', 'John McKenzie', 'bold ideas', 'investment product', 'Sam Riley', 'scalable state', 'art solutions', 'frictional costs', 'excellent partner', 'industry-leading technology', 'initial phase', 'efficient process', 'Dejero network', 'technology solutions', 'data products', 'North America', '17 trillion Euros', 'The CCMS', 'US markets', 'listing markets', 'funding market', 'liquidity solution', 'side clients', 'trading markets', 'Plans', 'Canada', 'forces', 'introduction', 'world-leader', 'pursuit', 'purpose', 'today', 'growth', 'repos', 'sell', 'heart', 'reliable', 'transparency', 'automation', 'efficiency', 'exposures', 'endeavor', 'OSCAR', 'optimization', 'collateralization', 'efficiencies', 'information', 'collaboration', 'executives', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'feed', 'TOC.', 'sound', 'siren', 'success', 'businesses', 'traders', 'investors', 'Trayport', 'offices', 'Calgary', 'Vancouver', 'London', 'Singapore', 'Vienna', 'website', 'Twitter', 'TMXGroup', 'funds', 'ecosystems', 'tomorrow', 'company', 'German', 'assets', 'custody', '4:00', '3:59']",2023-05-25,2023-05-25,tradersmagazine.com
25304,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UMT-UNITED-MOBILITY-TECHN-66660715/news/UMT-United-Mobility-Technology-AG-UMT-AG-intends-to-acquire-an-AI-based-DMS-to-build-up-a-new-busin-43931839/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,UMT United Mobility Technology AG: UMT AG intends to acquire an AI-based DMS to build up a new business area,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: UMT United Mobility Technology AG / Key word: InvestmentUMT United Mobility Technology AG: UMT AG intends to acquire an AI-based DMS to build up a new business area 24.05.2023 / 09:00 CET/CESTThe issuer …,"EQS-News: UMT United Mobility Technology AG / Key word(s): InvestmentUMT United Mobility Technology AG: UMT AG intends to acquire an AI-based DMS to build up a new business area24.05.2023 / 09:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Munich  May 24  2023Corporate NewsUMT AG intends to acquire an AI-based DMS to build up a new business areaIn the context of a company's digital transformation  a DMS (""document management system"") is without question probably the most important tool for sustainably digitizing all paper documents. To ensure that paper documents can actually be destroyed after digital capture  companies must make sure that the system used is revision-proof. Otherwise  legal risks may arise that must be avoided.For some time now  UMT United Mobility Technology AG has been involved in a project to introduce a document management system with artificial intelligence (AI) and is currently considering acquiring this promising solution as part of its ""buy and build"" strategy.The new product differentiates itself from previous solutions in several forward-looking features. The AI-based processes stand out  such as an OCR power search for text recognition  secure signing (encryption) of documents  a document overview with keywording (metadata)  and even an AI-based fast capture of incoming documents.The new AI-based DMS system is deployed via cloud technology  whereby a larger company can also operate the DMS solution in its ""private cloud"". Conventional DMS systems are usually proprietary  whereas the new AI-based DMS system is available as a web application. This means  for example  that employees can easily access all of the company's documents via home office workstations or in the field. If an AI-based DMS software is introduced in a company  all document flows can be mapped in advance in a workflow tool  which then defines the respective process flow and access rights.Global AI-based software revenue was estimated at $63 billion in 2022  up 21 percent from 2021  according to a November 25  2021  forecast by consulting firm Gartner.""The AI software market is thus picking up significant momentum. One of the key products is rapid document capture using AI. UMT would naturally like to participate in this promising market "" says Thomas Teufel  Management Board member of UMT AG  adding: ""The enormous potential of this trend-setting market forms the best conditions for the UMT Group to build up a sustainably profitable business area in the medium term. To address medium-sized businesses  an SAP integration interface is also planned. This means that every document generated in the company's own SAP system will be immediately available as a PDF file in the DMS. Important e-mails can also be stored in the DMS system and linked to documents via a Microsoft Outlook interface. The days of overfilled storerooms and basements with numerous financial accounting folders will thus soon be a thing of the past.""About UMT AG:UMT United Mobility Technology AG stands as a ""TechnologyHouse"" for the development and implementation of customized solutions for the digitalization of business processes. With Mobile Payment  Smart Rental and MEXS  UMT has technological platforms for payment  digital rental and now also for communication. The software-oriented technology portfolio now extends far beyond payment and also includes commerce  IoT and  with MEXS  communication  and forms the basis for forward-looking  integrated products. UMT is now much more than a FinTech company and serves the retail and rental sectors as well as industry.The IT and consulting expertise built up over a decade in the field of e-commerce and payment is the basis for value-creating investments in companies that contribute to the digital transformation of the co-testing environment and thus provides the answers to the most pressing questions of companies. The focus of the investment activities is on medium-sized companies with future-oriented and stable business models. The aim is to participate in the digital transformation with a forward-looking buy-and-build strategy and thus to achieve significant revenue and earnings growth in the UMT Group with sustainable profitability and steady cash flow.The UMT United Mobility Technology AG share (GSIN: A2YN70  ISIN: DE000A2YN702) is traded on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and is listed on the Basic Board of Deutsche Boerse AG.Contact:",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.16,0.6,True,English,"['UMT United Mobility Technology AG', 'new business area', 'UMT AG', 'AI-based DMS', 'The UMT United Mobility Technology AG share', 'numerous financial accounting folders', 'The AI software market', 'Global AI-based software revenue', 'new AI-based DMS system', 'software-oriented technology portfolio', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'AI-based DMS software', 'new business area', 'OCR power search', 'home office workstations', 'respective process flow', 'Microsoft Outlook interface', 'steady cash flow', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'profitable business area', 'stable business models', 'AI-based fast capture', 'Key word(s', 'Management Board member', 'SAP integration interface', 'Conventional DMS systems', 'document management system', 'rapid document capture', 'forward-looking, integrated products', 'UMT AG', 'cloud technology', 'SAP system', 'new product', 'AI-based processes', 'key products', 'UMT Group', 'significant revenue', 'business processes', 'digital capture', 'promising market', 'trend-setting market', 'forward-looking features', 'Basic Board', 'DMS solution', 'document overview', 'document flows', 'Corporate News', 'digital transformation', 'important tool', 'legal risks', 'artificial intelligence', 'promising solution', 'previous solutions', 'text recognition', 'secure signing', 'private cloud', 'web application', 'workflow tool', 'access rights', 'consulting firm', 'significant momentum', 'Thomas Teufel', 'enormous potential', 'best conditions', 'medium term', 'medium-sized businesses', 'PDF file', 'Important e-mails', 'customized solutions', 'Smart Rental', 'technological platforms', 'digital rental', 'rental sectors', 'consulting expertise', 'value-creating investments', 'testing environment', 'pressing questions', 'earnings growth', 'sustainable profitability', 'paper documents', 'incoming documents', 'investment activities', 'larger company', 'FinTech company', 'Mobile Payment', 'medium-sized companies', 'build strategy', 'DMS.', 'EQS-News', '00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Munich', 'May', 'context', 'time', 'project', 'part', 'buy', 'several', 'encryption', 'keywording', 'metadata', 'example', 'employees', 'field', 'advance', 'November', 'Gartner', 'days', 'storerooms', 'basements', 'thing', 'past', 'TechnologyHouse', 'development', 'implementation', 'digitalization', 'MEXS', 'communication', 'commerce', 'IoT', 'basis', 'retail', 'industry', 'decade', 'answers', 'focus', 'future-oriented', 'aim', 'GSIN', 'Contact', '09']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25305,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.stock-world.de/nachrichten/adhoc/15577346EQS-Adhoc-Deutsche-Lufthansa-AG-Lufthansa-Group-reaches-agreement-on-the-acquisition-of-a-minority-stake-ITA-Airways-n15577346.html,EQS-Adhoc: Deutsche Lufthansa AG: Lufthansa Group reaches agreement on the acquisition of a minority stake in ITA Airways,The Lufthansa Group has agreed with the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (MEF) to acquire a 41% stake in ITA Airways. The contractual finalization of the agreement is expected to be completed shortly. With the planned transaction  the Group is ...,EQS-Ad-hoc: Deutsche Lufthansa AG / Key word(s): Mergers & AcquisitionsDeutsche Lufthansa AG: Lufthansa Group reaches agreement on the acquisition of a minority stake in ITA Airways25-May-2023 / 17:49 CET/CESTDisclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 MAR of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The Lufthansa Group has agreed with the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (MEF) to acquire a 41% stake in ITA Airways. The contractual finalization of the agreement is expected to be completed shortly. With the planned transaction  the Group is expanding its access to the third largest airline market in Europe  which is already of great strategic importance for the Group.The Lufthansa Group will acquire 41% of ITA Airways by way of a capital increase. The invested funds of 325 million euros will thus flow directly to the company. They will be raised from the Lufthansa Group's existing liquidity. MEF undertakes to contribute a further 250 million euros to the company. Under the terms of the transaction  the Lufthansa Group will assume responsibility for the joint operational management of ITA Airways upon closing. It will appoint the CEO and one additional of a total of five members of the Board of Directors.The agreement provides for various options for the Lufthansa Group to increase its stake in ITA Airways or to acquire it outright. For the main options  the purchase price depends on the achievement of the targets jointly agreed with MEF for the development of ITA Airways' net debt and EBITDA. The MEF can sell its remaining shares to the Lufthansa Group in the medium term if the agreed financial targets for net debt and EBITDA are achieved.The option mechanism reduces negative effects on the capital structure of the Lufthansa Group as far as possible  even in the event of a full takeover. The agreement also regulates the handling of any financial charges from legal disputes involving Alitalia.The closing of the transaction after the contractual finalization remains subject in particular to regulatory approvals  especially by the European competition authority.Responsible: Dennis Weber  Head of Investor Relations  +49 69 696 28000,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['Deutsche Lufthansa AG', 'Lufthansa Group', 'minority stake', 'ITA Airways', 'EQS-Adhoc', 'agreement', 'acquisition', 'third largest airline market', ""ITA Airways' net debt"", 'great strategic importance', 'joint operational management', 'European competition authority', 'Deutsche Lufthansa AG', 'EQS Group AG', 'The Lufthansa Group', 'EQS News', 'Key word', 'inside information', 'Italian Ministry', 'contractual finalization', 'capital increase', '325 million euros', 'existing liquidity', '250 million euros', 'five members', 'various options', 'main options', 'purchase price', 'remaining shares', 'medium term', 'option mechanism', 'negative effects', 'capital structure', 'full takeover', 'financial charges', 'legal disputes', 'regulatory approvals', 'Dennis Weber', 'Investor Relations', 'The MEF', 'financial targets', 'minority stake', '41% stake', 'Mergers', 'Acquisitions', 'agreement', 'CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Article', 'Regulation', 'service', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Economy', 'Finance', 'transaction', 'access', 'funds', 'company', 'terms', 'responsibility', 'CEO', 'total', 'Board', 'Directors', 'achievement', 'development', 'EBITDA', 'event', 'handling', 'Alitalia', 'closing', 'Head']",2023-05-25,2023-05-25,stock-world.de
25306,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://uk.movies.yahoo.com/deutsche-b-rse-ag-publication-065005414.html,Deutsche Börse AG: PUBLICATION OF OFFER DOCUMENT FOR THE ALL-CASH VOLUNTARY RECOMMENDED PUBLIC TAKEOVER OFFER FOR SIMCORP A/S,Deutsche Börse AG: PUBLICATION OF OFFER DOCUMENT FOR THE ALL-CASH VOLUNTARY RECOMMENDED PUBLIC TAKEOVER OFFER FOR SIMCORP A/S 25.05.2023 / 08:50 CET/CEST The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES ...,"EQS-News: Deutsche Börse AG / Key word(s): OfferDeutsche Börse AG: PUBLICATION OF OFFER DOCUMENT FOR THE ALL-CASH VOLUNTARY RECOMMENDED PUBLIC TAKEOVER OFFER FOR SIMCORP A/SThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES AN ANNOUNCEMENT ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 4(2) OF THE DANISH EXECUTIVE ORDER NO. 636 of 15 MAY 2020 ON TAKEOVER OFFERS. 25 May 2023 PUBLICATION OF OFFER DOCUMENT FOR THE ALL-CASH VOLUNTARY RECOMMENDED PUBLIC TAKEOVER OFFER FOR SIMCORP A/S With reference to the announcement of 27 April 2023 regarding the entering into of a binding agreement between Deutsche Börse AG (""DB1"") (""Deutsche Börse"") and SimCorp A/S (""SIM"") (""SimCorp"") (the ""Agreement"")  pursuant to which Deutsche Börse will make an all-cash voluntary recommended public takeover offer to acquire all of the shares (excluding treasury shares) in SimCorp at a price of DKK 735.0 per share (the ""Offer"" and the ""Offer Price"" respectively)  Deutsche Börse has today published the offer document approved by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority  including an acceptance form  in accordance with Sections 4(2) and 21 of the Danish Executive Order no. 636 of 15 May 2020 on Takeover Offers (the ""Danish Takeover Order"") (the ""Offer Document""). The Offer Document contains the full terms and conditions of the Offer. The Offer Document can  subject to certain restrictions  be viewed and downloaded at https://www.deutsche-boerse.com/dbg-de/investor-relations/mitteilungen-und-services/simcorp. The offer period for the Offer commences on 25 May 2023 and remains valid until 13 July 2023 at 23:59 (CEST) (the ""Offer Period""). Deutsche Börse reserves the right to extend the Offer Period from time to time in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer and the Danish Takeover Order  as set forth in the Offer Document. The final result of the Offer will be published within three (3) business days after the expiry of the Offer Period in accordance with section 21(3) of the Danish Takeover Order. Offer Highlights Deutsche Börse offers DKK 735.0 for each share of SimCorp in cash  subject to adjustment for any dividends or other distributions paid to the shareholders of SimCorp prior to completion of the Offer.The Offer Price represents a 38.9 per cent premium to the closing share price of DKK 529.0 and a 45.3 per cent premium to the 3-months volume-weighted average price of DKK 505.7 as of 26 April 2023 respectively.Completion of the Offer is subject to satisfaction of certain customary conditions  including that Deutsche Börse obtains all necessary regulatory approvals and a minimum acceptance level of 50% plus one share of SimCorp's share capital and voting rights.The Board of Directors of SimCorp has unanimously resolved that it intends to recommend the shareholders of SimCorp to accept the Offer. The Board of Directors of SimCorp will in accordance with Section 22 of the Danish Takeover Order publish a statement in respect of the Offer  which will include the Board of Directors' considered statement on the Offer.Members of SimCorp's Executive Management Board and Board of Directors have irrevocably undertaken to accept the Offer or otherwise sell their SimCorp shares to Deutsche Börse at the Offer Price on the terms and conditions applicable to the Offer  subject to certain customary conditions and any restrictions applicable under SimCorp's remuneration policy or SimCorp's existing incentive program. Offer Timetable The following timetable sets forth certain key dates relating to the Offer  provided that the Offer Period has not been extended in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer as set forth in the Offer Document: 27 April 2023 Deutsche Börse and SimCorp entered into the agreement. 27 April 2023 Announcement by Deutsche Börse concerning its decision to make the Offer to the SimCorp shareholders. 27 April 2023 Company announcement no. 7/2023 by SimCorp with regards to Deutsche Börse's announcement of its decision to make the Offer and the SimCorp Board of Directors' intention to recommend the SimCorp shareholders to accept the Offer. 25 May 2023 Publication of the Offer Document and commencement of the Offer Period. 18 June 2023 Last day for publication of the SimCorp Board of Directors' statement. 13 July 2023 Expected expiration of the Offer Period (subject to extension of the Offer Period in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer and assuming no withdrawal by Deutsche Börse in accordance with the terms of the Offer  in each case  as set forth in the Offer Document). 14 July 2023 Publication of preliminary results of the Offer (or  alternatively  the latest announcement of an extension of the Offer Period or withdrawal of the Offer). 18 July 2023 Latest expected announcement of the final result of the Offer. 25 July 2023 Latest expected day for settlement of the Offer Price per SimCorp share due to accepting SimCorp shareholders pursuant to the Offer. 25 July 2023 Latest date that the Offer Price per SimCorp share due to accepting SimCorp shareholders under the Offer is expected to be available on the accepting SimCorp shareholders' bank account.* Reference is also made to the information about the Offer Period and extensions thereof as set forth in the Offer Document. * Payment to SimCorp shareholders who do not have a Danish bank account may take longer. Acceptance: The Offer may be accepted by SimCorp shareholders subject to the terms and conditions as set out in the Offer Document. Acceptance of the Offer must be received by Nordea Danmark  Filial af Nordea Bank Abp  Finland through the SimCorp shareholder's own account holding institution prior to the expiry of the Offer Period. SimCorp shareholders wishing to accept the Offer are requested to accept the Offer online via their account holding institution's web bank solution or use the acceptance form  attached to the Offer Document as Schedule A. SimCorp shareholders are requested to note that acceptance of the Offer must be notified to the SimCorp shareholder's own account holding institution in due time to allow the account holding institution to process and communicate the acceptance to Nordea Danmark  Filial af Nordea Bank Abp  Finland who must have received such acceptance prior to the expiry of the Offer Period on 13 July at 23:59 (CEST) or by such date and time as the Offer Period may be extended to in accordance with Section 9 of the Danish Takeover Order and as set forth in the Offer Document. The deadline for notification of acceptance to the account holding institution will depend upon each SimCorp shareholder's agreement with its account holding institution and the rules and procedures of the relevant account holding institution and may be earlier than the last day of the Offer Period. Advisors Deutsche Börse has appointed Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (lead) and Deutsche Bank AG as financial advisors as well as Plesner Advokatpartnerselskab  Hengeler Mueller Partnerschaft von Rechtsanwälten mbB  Linklaters LLP (financing) and Cravath  Swaine & Moore LLP (U.S. counsel) as legal advisors and Nordea Danmark  Filial af Nordea Bank Abp  Finland as settlement agent in connection with the Offer. Contacts Ingrid Haas Group Communications Deutsche Börse AG Phone: +49 69 21113217 Jan Strecker Investor Relations Deutsche Börse AG Phone: +49 69 21111670 About Deutsche Börse As an international exchange organisation and innovative market infrastructure provider  Deutsche Börse ensures markets characterised by integrity  transparency and stability. With its wide range of products  services and technologies  the Deutsche Börse Group organises safe and efficient markets for sustainable economies. Its business areas cover the entire financial market transaction process chain. This includes the provision of indices  data and analytical solutions as well as admission  trading and clearing. Additionally  it comprises services for funds  the settlement and custody of financial instruments as well as the management of collateral and liquidity. As a technology company  the Deutsche Börse Group develops state-of-the-art IT solutions and offers IT systems all over the world. With more than 11 000 employees  the Deutsche Börse Group has its headquarters in the financial centre of Frankfurt/Rhine-Main  as well as a strong global presence in 38 locations such as Luxembourg  Prague  London  New York  Chicago  Hong Kong  Singapore  Beijing  Tokyo and Sydney. For more information  please visit www.deutsche-boerse.com/dbg-en/. About SimCorp SimCorp offers an industry-leading front-to-back investment management platform and ecosystem used by some of the world’s top asset owners and managers. SimCorp's proprietary technology and its eco-system comprising partners  services  and third-party connectivity provides their customers with the efficiency and flexibility needed to succeed. With over 25 offices around the world  and more than 2 200 employees  SimCorp is a truly global  collaborative team that connects clients from every continent and across the industry seamlessly. For more information  visit www.simcorp.com. Versions This announcement is prepared in both a Danish and an English version. In case of any inconsistencies  the Danish version shall prevail. DISCLAIMER This announcement does not constitute an offer or invitation to purchase any securities in SimCorp or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in SimCorp  pursuant to the Offer or otherwise. The Offer is made solely by means of the Offer Document as approved by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority  which contains the full terms and conditions of the Offer  including details of how the Offer may be accepted. The SimCorp shareholders are advised to read the Offer Document and the related documents as they contain important information. Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc which is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (""PRA"") and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (""FCA"") and the PRA in the United Kingdom is acting exclusively as financial adviser to Deutsche Börse and no one else in connection with the matters set out in this announcement. In connection with such matters  Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc  its affiliates and their respective directors  officers  employees and agents will not regard any other person as their client  nor will they be responsible to any other person for providing the protections afforded to their clients or for providing advice in relation to the contents of this announcement  the Offer Document or any other matter referred to herein. Deutsche Bank AG is authorised under German banking law (the European Central Bank (""ECB"") as competent authority) and  in the United Kingdom  by the PRA. Deutsche Bank AG is subject to supervision by the ECB and Germany's Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (""BaFin"")  and is subject to limited regulation in the United Kingdom by the PRA and the Financial Conduct Authority. Deutsche Bank AG is acting exclusively for Deutsche Börse and no one else in connection with the Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than Deutsche Börse for providing the protections afforded to clients of Deutsche Bank AG nor for providing advice in relation to the Offer or any other matter referred to herein. Forward-Looking Statements This announcement contains forward-looking statements and statements of future expectations that reflect Deutsche Börse's current views and assumptions with respect to future events. Such statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied and that are beyond Deutsche Börse's ability to control or estimate precisely. In addition to statements which are forward-looking by reason of context  forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""intends""  ""expects""  ""may""  ""will""  ""shall""  ""potential""  ""continue"" and other similar expressions. The absence of such terminology does not necessarily mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those statements due to  without limitation  (i) general economic conditions  (ii) future performance of financial markets  (iii) interest rate levels  (iv) currency exchange rates  (v) the behaviour of other market participants  (vi) general competitive factors  (vii) changes in laws and regulations  (viii) changes in the policies of central banks  governmental regulators and/or (foreign) governments  (ix) the ability to successfully integrate acquired and merged businesses and achieve anticipated synergies  (x) reorganisation measures  in each case on a local  national  regional and/or global basis  and (xi) litigations or other legal proceedings. The forward-looking statements included in this announcement speak only as of the date hereof. Although Deutsche Börse believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this announcement  such forward-looking statements are based on Deutsche Börse's current expectations  estimates  forecasts  assumptions and projections about the Deutsche Börse Group's business  SimCorp's business and  following completion of the Offer  including settlement of the Offer in accordance with the terms and conditions as set out in the Offer Document  the combined Deutsche Börse Group and SimCorp's (the ""Combined Group"") business and the industry in which the Deutsche Börse Group and SimCorp operate as well as on information which Deutsche Börse has received from SimCorp (including with respect to forecasts prepared by SimCorp's management with respect to expected future financial and operating performance of SimCorp) and/or which has been extracted from publications  reports and other documents prepared by SimCorp and/or the Deutsche Börse Group and are not guarantees of future performance or development and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other important factors beyond the Deutsche Börse Group's  SimCorp's and/or the Combined Group's control that could cause the Deutsche Börse Group's  SimCorp's or the Combined Group's actual results  performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Except as may be required by law or regulation  neither Deutsche Börse nor any of its advisors assume any obligation to update such forward-looking statements contained herein or to reflect any change in their respective expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based and to adapt them to future events or developments. Restricted Jurisdictions The Offer is not being made  and the SimCorp shares will not be accepted for purchase from or on behalf of persons  in any jurisdiction in which the making or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws or regulations of such jurisdiction (the ""Restricted Jurisdictions""). Persons obtaining this announcement and/or into whose possession this announcement comes are required to take due note and observe all such restrictions and obtain any necessary authorisations  approvals or consents. Neither Deutsche Börse nor any of its advisors accepts any liability for any violation by any person of any such restriction. Any person (including  without limitation  custodians  nominees and trustees) who intends to forward this announcement to any jurisdiction outside Denmark should inform themselves of the laws of the relevant jurisdiction  before taking any action. The distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions other than Denmark may be restricted by law  and  therefore  persons who come into possession of this announcement should inform themselves about and observe such restrictions. Any failure to comply with any such restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws and regulations of any such jurisdiction. Notice to SimCorp's Shareholders in the United States of America The Offer is subject to the laws of Denmark. The Offer relates to the securities of a Danish company and is subject to the disclosure requirements applicable under Danish law  which may be different in material aspects from those applicable in the United States of America (""U.S.""). The Offer is being made in the U.S. in compliance with Section 14(e) of  and applicable provisions of Regulation 14E promulgated under  the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the ""Exchange Act"") subject to the ""Tier II"" exemptions provided by Rule 14d-1(d) under the Exchange Act and otherwise in accordance with the requirements of Danish law. In this case  the Offer is not subject to Section 14(d)(1) of  or Regulation 14D promulgated under  the Exchange Act. Accordingly  the Offer is subject to disclosure requirements that may be different than those under applicable U.S. law  procedures and practice. In addition  the financial information contained in this announcement has not been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. and thus may not be comparable to financial information relating to U.S. companies. The Offer is being made to SimCorp shareholders residing in the U.S. on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other SimCorp shareholders to whom the Offer is made. Any information documents  including this announcement  are being disseminated to SimCorp shareholders whose place of residence  seat or habitual residence is in the U.S. (the ""U.S. SimCorp Shareholders"") on a basis reasonably comparable to the method that such documents are provided to other SimCorp shareholders. U.S. SimCorp Shareholders must be aware that this announcement and the Offer Document and any other documents regarding the Offer have been prepared in accordance with Danish laws and standards  which laws and standards may differ from U.S. laws and standards. In addition  the procedures for the tender of SimCorp shares and settlement of the consideration due to each SimCorp shareholder who accepts the Offer will be carried out in accordance with the rules applicable in Denmark  which may differ in material aspects from the rules and procedures applicable to a tender offer for the securities of a domestic U.S. company  in particular with respect to withdrawal rights  offer timetable  settlement procedures and the payment date of the securities. It may be difficult for U.S. SimCorp Shareholders to enforce certain rights and claims they may have arising in connection with the Offer under U.S. securities laws  since Deutsche Börse and SimCorp are located in non-U.S. jurisdictions  and some or all of their respective officers and directors are residents of non-U.S. jurisdictions. U.S. SimCorp Shareholders may not be able to sue Deutsche Börse or SimCorp and/or their respective officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of U.S. securities laws. Further  it may not be possible to compel Deutsche Börse and SimCorp or their respective affiliates  as applicable  to subject themselves to the judgment of a U.S. court. In accordance with customary Danish practice and to the extent permitted by applicable law  including Rule 14e-5(b) of the Exchange Act  Deutsche Börse or any affiliate of Deutsche Börse or nominees or brokers of the foregoing (acting as agents or in a similar capacity)  may from time to time make certain purchases of  or arrangements to purchase  SimCorp shares outside the U.S.  other than pursuant to the Offer  before or during the period in which the Offer remains open for acceptance. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices. If  prior to the completion of the Offer  Deutsche Börse or any affiliate of Deutsche Börse or any nominee or broker of the foregoing acquires SimCorp shares at a higher price than the Offer Price  Deutsche Börse will increase the Offer Price correspondingly as required by applicable law. Any information about such purchases will be announced through relevant electronic media if  and to the extent  such announcement is required under applicable law  rules or regulations. In addition  in the ordinary course of business  Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc and Deutsche Bank AG and their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments including serving as counterparties to certain derivative and hedging arrangements and actively trade debt and equity financial instruments (or related derivative financial instruments) and other types of financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers  and such investment and financial instrument activities may involve securities and/or instruments of SimCorp. DENNE MEDDELELSE UDGØR EN OFFENTLIGGØRELSE UDSTEDT I HENHOLD TIL § 4  STK. 2 I BEKENDTGØRELSE NR. 636 AF 15. MAJ 2020 OM OVERTAGELSESTILBUD. 25. maj 2023 OFFENTLIGGØRELSE AF TILBUDSDOKUMENT FOR DET KONTANTE FRIVILLIGE ANBEFALEDE OFFENTLIGE OVERTAGELSESTILBUD PÅ SIMCORP A/S Med henvisning til meddelelsen af 27. april 2023 om indgåelsen af en bindende aftale mellem Deutsche Börse AG (""DB1"") (""Deutsche Börse"") og SimCorp A/S (""SIM"") (""SimCorp"")  i henhold til hvilken Deutsche Börse vil fremsætte et kontant frivilligt anbefalet offentligt overtagelsestilbud på alle aktier (eksklusive egne aktier) i SimCorp til en pris på DKK 735 0 pr. aktie (henholdsvis ""Tilbuddet"" og ""Tilbudsprisen"")  har Deutsche Börse i dag offentliggjort det af Finanstilsynet godkendte tilbudsdokument  herunder en acceptblanket  i overensstemmelse med § 4  stk. 2  og § 21 i bekendtgørelse nr. 636 af 15. maj 2020 om overtagelsestilbud (""Overtagelsesbekendtgørelsen"") (""Tilbudsdokumentet""). Tilbudsdokumentet indeholder alle vilkår og betingelser for Tilbuddet. Tilbudsdokumentet kan  med visse begrænsninger  ses og downloades på https://www.deutsche-boerse.com/dbg-de/investor-relations/mitteilungen-und-services/simcorp. Tilbudsperioden for Tilbuddet gælder fra den 25. maj 2023 og indtil den 13. juli 2023 kl. 23:59 (CEST) (""Tilbudsperioden""). Deutsche Börse forbeholder sig retten til at forlænge Tilbudsperioden fra tid til anden i overensstemmelse med vilkårene og betingelserne for Tilbuddet og i Overtagelsesbekendtgørelsen  som nærmere beskrevet i Tilbudsdokumentet. Det endelige resultat af Tilbuddet vil blive offentliggjort senest tre (3) hverdage efter udløbet af Tilbudsperioden i overensstemmelse med § 21  stk. 3  i Overtagelsesbekendtgørelsen. Hovedpunkter for Tilbuddet Deutsche Börse tilbyder DKK 735 0 for hver SimCorp aktie i kontanter  med forbehold for justering for udbytte eller andre udlodninger udbetalt til aktionærerne i SimCorp inden gennemførelsen af Tilbuddet.Tilbudsprisen udgør henholdsvis en præmie på 38 9 procent i forhold til lukkekursen på DKK 529 0 og en præmie på 45 3 procent i forhold til den 3-måneders volumenvægtede gennemsnitskurs på DKK 505 7 pr. 26. april 2023.Gennemførelsen af Tilbuddet er betinget af opfyldelse af visse sædvanlige betingelser  herunder at Deutsche Börse opnår alle nødvendige myndighedsgodkendelser og et minimumsacceptniveau på 50 procent plus én aktie af SimCorps aktiekapital og stemmerettigheder.SimCorps bestyrelse har enstemmigt besluttet  at den har til hensigt at anbefale SimCorps aktionærer at acceptere Tilbuddet. SimCorps bestyrelse vil i overensstemmelse med § 22 af Overtagelsesbekendtgørelsen offentliggøre en redegørelse vedrørende Tilbuddet  som vil indeholde bestyrelsens begrundede udtalelse om Tilbuddet.Medlemmerne af SimCorps Executive Management Board og bestyrelsen har uigenkaldeligt forpligtet sig til at acceptere Tilbuddet  eller på anden måde sælge deres SimCorp aktier til Deutsche Börse  til Tilbudsprisen på de vilkår og betingelser  der gælder for Tilbuddet  med forbehold for visse sædvanlige betingelser og begrænsninger  der gælder i henhold SimCorps vederlagspolitik eller SimCorps eksisterende incitamentsprogram. Tidsplan for Tilbuddet Nedenstående tidplan viser visse vigtige datoer i forbindelse med Tilbuddet  forudsat at Tilbudsperioden ikke er blevet forlænget i henhold til Tilbuddets vilkår og betingelser  som beskrevet i Tilbudsdokumentet: 27. april 2023 Deutsche Börse og SimCorp indgik offentliggørelsesaftalen. 27. april 2023 Deutsche Börse offentliggjorde sin beslutning om at fremsætte Tilbuddet til SimCorp aktionærerne. 27. april 2023 Selskabsmeddelelse nr. 7/2023 fra SimCorp med hensyn til Deutsche Börses meddelelse om sin beslutning om at fremsætte Tilbuddet og SimCorp bestyrelsens intention om at anbefale SimCorp aktionærerne at acceptere Tilbuddet. 25. maj 2023 Offentliggørelse af dette Tilbudsdokument og påbegyndelse af Tilbudsperioden. 18. juni 2023 Sidste dag for offentliggørelse af SimCorp bestyrelsens redegørelse. 13. juli 2023 Forventet udløb af Tilbudsperioden (med forbehold for forlængelse af Tilbudsperioden i overensstemmelse med vilkår og betingelser i Tilbuddet og forudsat ingen tilbagekaldelse fra Deutsche Börse i henhold til Tilbuddets vilkår  i hvert tilfælde som beskrevet i Tilbudsdokumentet). 14. juli 2023 Offentliggørelse af de foreløbige resultater af Tilbuddet (eller  alternativt  den seneste dag for meddelelse om forlængelse af Tilbudsperioden eller tilbagekaldelse af Tilbuddet). 18. juli 2023 Seneste forventede offentliggørelse af det endelige resultat af Tilbuddet. 25. juli 2023 Seneste forventede dag for afregning af Tilbudsprisen for hver SimCorp aktie  der skal betales til de accepterende SimCorp aktionærer i henhold til Tilbuddet. 25. juli 2023 Seneste dato  hvor Tilbudsprisen for hver SimCorp aktie skal betales til de accepterende SimCorp aktionærer i henhold til Tilbuddet  forventes at være tilgængeligt på de accepterende SimCorp aktionærernes bankkonto.* Der henvises endvidere til oplysningerne om Tilbudsperioden og forlængelser heraf som beskrevet i Tilbudsdokumentet. * Betaling til SimCorp aktionærer som ikke har en dansk bankkonto kan tage længere tid. Accept Tilbuddet kan accepteres af SimCorp aktionærer i henhold til de vilkår og betingelser  der er fastsat i Tilbudsdokumentet. Accept af Tilbuddet skal være modtaget af Nordea Danmark  Filial af Nordea Bank Abp  Finland gennem SimCorp aktionærens egen kontoførende institut inden Tilbudsperiodens udløb. SimCorp aktionærer  der ønsker at acceptere Tilbuddet  bedes acceptere Tilbuddet online gennem deres eget kontoførende instituts netbanksløsning eller anvende den acceptblanket  der er vedlagt Tilbudsdokumentet som Bilag A. SimCorp aktionærer bedes bemærke  at accept af Tilbuddet skal være meddelt SimCorp aktionærens eget kontoførende institut tids nok til  at det kontoførende institut kan behandle og videreformidle accepten til Nordea Danmark  Filial af Nordea Bank Abp  Finland  der skal have accepten i hænde inden Tilbudsperioden udløb den 13. juli 2023 kl. 23:59 (CEST)  eller i tilfælde af en forlænget Tilbudsperioden  den senere dato og det senere tidspunkt  som Tilbudsperioden kan blive forlænget til i overensstemmelse med § 9 i Overtagelsesbekendtgørelsen og som anført i Tilbudsdokumentet. Fristen for meddelelse af accept til det kontoførende institut vil afhænge af den enkelte SimCorp aktionærs aftale med sit kontoførende institut  og af reglerne og procedurerne i den relevante kontoførende institution  og kan være tidligere end den sidste dag i Tilbudsperioden. Rådgivere Deutsche Börse har udpeget Morgan Stanley & Co. International (ledende rådgiver) og Deutsche Bank AG som finansielle rådgivere samt Plesner Advokatpartnerselskaber  Hengeler Mueller von Rechtsanwälten mbB  Linklaters LLP (finansiering) og Cravath  Swaine & Moore LLP (U.S. rådgiver) som juridiske rådgivere og Nordea Danmark  Filial af Nordea Bank Abp  Finland som afviklingsbank i forbindelse med Tilbuddet. Kontakter Ingrid Haas Group Communications Deutsche Börse AG Telefon: +49 69 21113217 Jan Strecker Investor Relations Deutsche Börse AG Telefon: +49 69 21111670 Om Deutsche Börse Deutsche Börse sikrer  som en international børsorganisation og innovativ udbyder af markedsinfrastruktur  markeder karakteriseret af integritet  gennemsigtighed og stabilitet. Med sin brede vifte af produkter  tjenester og teknologier organiserer Deutsche Börse koncernen sikre og effektive markeder for bæredygtige økonomier. Deutsche Börses forretningsområder dækker hele proceskæden for transaktioner på det finansielle marked. Dette inkludere indeks  data og analyseløsninger samt optagelse  handel og clearing. Herudover omfatter det tjenester for fonde  afvikling og opbevaring af finansielle instrumenter samt administration af sikkerhedsstillelse og likviditet. Deutsche Börse koncernen udvikler som teknologivirksomhed avancerede it-løsninger og tilbyder it-systemer over hele verden. Med mere end 11.000 ansatte har Deutsche Börse koncernen dets hovedkvarter i det finansielle centrum af Frankfurt/Rhine-Main  samt en stærk global tilstedeværelse i 38 lokationer såsom Luxembourg  Prag  London  New York  Chicago  Hong Kong  Singapore  Beijing  Tokyo og Sydney. For yderligere information besøg venligst www.deutsche-boerse.com/dbg-en/. Om SimCorp SimCorp tilbyder en brancheførende front-to-back investeringsforvaltningsplatform og økosystem anvendt af nogle af verdens top portefølje- og kapitalforvaltere. SimCorps proprietære teknologi og dets økosystem  der omfatter samarbejdspartnere  tjenester og tredjepartstilslutninger giver deres kunder den effektivitet og fleksibilitet  der er nødvendig for at få succes. Med over 25 kontorer rundt om i verden og mere end 2.200 ansatte er SimCorp et sandt globalt samarbejdende team  der problemfrit forbinder kunder fra alle kontinenter og på tværs af branchen. For yderligere information besøg www.simcorp.com. Versioner Denne meddelelse af udarbejdet i både en dansk og engelsk version. I tilfælde af uoverensstemmelse vil den danske version have forrang. DISCLAIMER Denne meddelelse udgør ikke et tilbud eller en invitation til at købe værdipapirer i SimCorp eller en opfordring til at købe værdipapirer i SimCorp  hverken i henhold Tilbuddet eller på anden måde. Tilbuddet er udelukkende fremsat som et Tilbudsdokument  der er godkendt af Finanstilsynet  som indeholder alle vilkår og betingelser for Tilbuddet  herunder nærmere oplysninger om  hvordan Tilbuddet kan accepteres. SimCorp aktionærer opfordres til at læse Tilbudsdokumentet og de relaterede dokumenter  da de indeholder vigtige oplysninger. Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc  som er godkendt af Prudential Regulation Authority (""PRA"") og reguleres af Financial Conduct Authority (""FCA"") og PRA i det forenede kongerige Storbritannien og Nordirland (""U.K."")  agerer eksklusivt for Deutsche Börse og ingen andre i forbindelse med Tilbuddet. I forbindelse med sager relateret hertil vil Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc  dets tilknyttede selskaber og deres respektive ledelse  ansatte og agenter ikke antage nogen anden person som deres klient  og vil heller ikke være ansvarlig over for nogen anden person for at yde den beskyttelse  der ydes til deres kunder eller for at yde rådgivning i forhold til indholdet af denne meddelelse  Tilbudsdokumentet eller ethvert andet forhold  der henvises til heri. Deutsche Bank AG er autoriseret i henhold til den Tyske banklov (den Europæiske Central Bank (""ECB"") som kompetent myndighed) og i U.K. af PRA. Deutsche Bank er underlagt tilsyn af ECB og Tysklands Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (""BaFin"")  og er underlagt begrænset regulering i U.K. af PRA og Financial Conduct Authority. Deutsche Bank AG handler udelukkende for Deutsche Börse og ingen andre i forbindelse med Tilbuddet og vil ikke være ansvarlig over for andre end Deutsche Börse for at yde den beskyttelse  der ydes Deutsche Bank AGs kunder  eller for at yde rådgivning i forbindelse med Tilbuddet eller andre forhold  der henvises til i dette Tilbudsdokument. Forbehold vedrørende fremadrettede udsagn Denne meddelelse indeholder fremadrettede udsagn og udsagn om fremtidige forventninger  der afspejler Deutsche Börses nuværende synspunkter og antagelser med hensyn til fremtidige begivenheder. Disse udsagn er underlagt kendte og ukendte risici og usikkerheder  som kan medføre  at de faktiske resultater  præstationer eller begivenheder afviger væsentligt fra de udtrykte eller antydede  og som ligger uden for Deutsche Börses evne til at kontrollere eller vurdere præcist. Ud over udsagn  der er fremadrettede på grund af sammenhængen  kan fremadrettede udsagn identificeres ved brug af fremadrettede terminologier  herunder ordene ""mener""  ""forudser""  ""har til hensigt""  ""forventer""  ""kan""  ""vil""  ""skal""  ""potentielt""  ""fortsætter"" og lignende udtryk. Fraværet af en sådan terminologi betyder ikke nødvendigvis  at et udsagn ikke er fremadrettet. Faktiske resultater  præstationer eller begivenheder kan afvige væsentligt fra disse udsagn  uden begrænsning  på grund af (i) generelle økonomiske forhold  (ii) de finansielle markeders fremtidige resultater  (iii) renteniveauer  (iv) valutakurser  (v) andre markedsdeltageres adfærd  (vi) generelle konkurrencefaktorer  (vii) ændringer i love og bestemmelser  (viii) ændringer i centralbankernes politik  statslige tilsynsmyndigheder og/eller (udenlandske) regeringer  (ix) evnen til at integrere erhvervede og fusionerede virksomheder med succes og opnå forventede synergier  (x) reorganiseringsforanstaltninger  i hvert enkelt tilfælde på lokalt  nationalt  regionalt og/eller globalt plan  og (xi) tvister og andre retssager. De fremadrettede udsagn  der er indeholdt i denne meddelelse  gælder kun fra datoen heraf. Selvom Deutsche Börse mener  at de forventninger  der afspejles i disse fremadrettede udsagn  er rimelige på datoen for denne meddelelse  er sådanne fremadrettede udsagn baseret på Deutsche Börses nuværende forventninger  skøn  prognoser  forudsætninger og forudsigelser om Deutsche Börse koncernens virksomhed  SimCorps virksomhed og  efter gennemførelsen  herunder afviklingen  af Tilbuddet i overensstemmelse med de vilkår og betingelser  der er fastsat i Tilbuddet  den kombinerede Deutsche Börse koncern og SimCorps (den ""Sammenlagte Koncern"") virksomhed og den branche  som Deutsche Börse koncernen og SimCorp opererer i  samt på oplysninger  som Deutsche Börse har modtaget fra SimCorp (herunder med hensyn til prognoser udarbejdet af SimCorps ledelse med hensyn til SimCorps forventede fremtidige finansielle og driftsmæssige resultater) og/eller som er blevet uddraget af publikationer  rapporter og andre dokumenter udarbejdet af SimCorp og/eller Deutsche Börse koncernen og er ikke garantier for fremtidige resultater eller udviklinger og indebærer kendte og ukendte risici  usikkerheder og andre vigtige faktorer uden for Deutsche Börse koncernens  SimCorp koncernens eller den kombinerede Sammenlagte Koncerns kontrol  som kan medføre  at Deutsche Börse koncernens  SimCorps og/eller den Sammenlagte Koncerns faktiske resultater  præstationer eller resultater afviger væsentligt fra de fremtidige resultater  præstationer eller resultater  som er udtrykt eller antydet i sådanne fremadrettede udsagn. Medmindre det kræves i henhold til gældende love og regler  påtager hverken Deutsche Börse eller nogen af dets rådgivere sig nogen forpligtelse til at opdatere sådanne fremadrettede udsagn heri eller til at afspejle enhver ændring i deres respektive forventninger med hensyn hertil eller enhver ændring i de begivenheder  forhold eller omstændigheder  som et sådant udsagn er baseret på  og til at tilpasse dem til fremtidige begivenheder eller udviklinger. Udelukkede jurisdiktioner Tilbuddet fremsættes ikke  og SimCorp aktierne vil ikke blive accepteret fra eller på vegne af personer  i enhver jurisdiktion  hvor et sådant tilbud eller accept heraf ikke ville være i overensstemmelse med værdipapirlovgivningen eller andre love og bestemmelser i en sådan jurisdiktion (de ""Udelukkede Jurisdiktioner""). Personer  der modtager denne meddelelse og/eller kommer i besiddelse af denne meddelelse  er forpligtet til at tage behørigt hensyn til og overholde alle sådanne restriktioner og indhente alle nødvendige tilladelser  godkendelser eller samtykker. Hverken Deutsche Börse eller nogen af dets rådgivere påtager sig noget ansvar for nogen overtrædelse af sådanne restriktioner fra nogen person. Enhver person (herunder  men ikke begrænset til  depotforvaltere  nominees  og trustees)  der har til hensigt at videresende denne meddelelse til en jurisdiktion uden for Danmark  bør orientere sig om lovgivningen i den relevante jurisdiktion  inden de foretager sig noget. Distributionen af denne meddelelse i andre jurisdiktioner end Danmark kan være begrænset ved lov  og derfor bør personer  der kommer i besiddelse af denne meddelelse  informerer sig om og overholde sådanne restriktioner. Enhver manglende overholdelse af sådanne restriktioner kan udgøre en overtrædelse af værdipapirlove og regler i en sådan jurisdiktion. Information til SimCorp aktionærer i USA Tilbuddet er underlagt dansk lovgivning. Tilbuddet vedrører værdipapirer i et dansk selskab og er underlagt oplysningsforpligtelserne i henhold til dansk lovgivning  som på væsentlige områder kan være forskellige fra dem  der gælder i Amerikas Forenede Stater (""USA""). Tilbuddet fremsættes i USA i overensstemmelse med Section 14(e) og gældende bestemmelser i Regulation 14E bekendtgjort i U.S. Securities Exchange Act af 1934  med senere ændringer (""Exchange Act"") med forbehold for ""Tier II"" undtagelser  der fremgår af rule 14-1(d) i Exhange Act og i øvrigt i henhold til danske lovkrav. I dette tilfælde  er Tilbuddet ikke underlagt Section 14(d)(1) i eller Regulation 14D bekendtgjort i Exchange Act. Tilbuddet er derfor underlagt oplysningskrav  som kan være anderledes end dem  der gælder i henhold til gældende amerikansk lovgivning  procedurer og praksis. Herudover er de finansielle oplysninger i denne meddelelse ikke udarbejdet i overensstemmelse med almindeligt anerkendte regnskabsprincipper i USA og kan derfor ikke nødvendigvis sammenlignes med finansielle oplysninger vedrørende amerikanske virksomheder. Tilbuddet fremsættes til SimCorp aktionærer hjemmehørende i USA på samme vilkår og betingelser som dem  der gælder for andre SimCorp aktionærer  til hvem Tilbuddet fremsættes. Alle dokumenter  inklusive denne meddelelse  formidles til SimCorp aktionærer  der er hjemmehørende  har hjemsted eller har sædvanligt opholdssted i USA (""Amerikanske SimCorp Aktionærer"")  på et grundlag  der med rimelighed kan sammenlignes med den metode  hvormed sådanne dokumenter er udleveret til andre SimCorp aktionærer. Amerikanske SimCorp Aktionærer skal være opmærksomme på  at denne meddelelse og Tilbudsdokumentet og andre dokumenter vedrørende Tilbuddet  inklusive bilag  er udarbejdet i overensstemmelse med danske love og danske standarder  som kan afvige fra amerikanske love og amerikanske standarder. Fremgangsmåden for at tilbyde værdipapirer og afregne vederlag  der skal betales til hver enkelt SimCorp aktionær  der accepterer Tilbuddet  vil være i henhold til gældende danske regler  der på væsentlige områder kan være forskellige fra de regler og fremgangsmåder  der er gældende for et købstilbud vedrørende værdipapirerne i et amerikansk indregistreret selskab  særligt for så vidt angår tilbagekaldelsesret  tidsplan for købstilbuddet  afviklingsprocedurer og betalingstidspunkt for værdipapirerne. Det kan være vanskeligt for Amerikanske SimCorp Aktionærer at håndhæve visse rettigheder og krav  de måtte have i forbindelse med Tilbuddet i medfør af den amerikanske værdipapirlovgivning  idet Deutsche Börse og SimCorp er placeret i jurisdiktioner uden for USA  og nogle af eller alle deres respektive bestyrelses- og direktionsmedlemmer er hjemmehørende i jurisdiktioner uden for USA. Amerikanske SimCorp Aktionærer vil muligvis ikke kunne anlægge sag mod Deutsche Börse eller SimCorp og/eller deres respektive direktions- og bestyrelsesmedlemmer ved en ikke-amerikansk domstol for overtrædelse af amerikansk værdipapirlovgivning. Det kan desuden være vanskeligt at tvinge Deutsche Börse og SimCorp eller deres koncernforbundne selskaber til at underkaste sig en amerikansk domstols afgørelse. I henhold til sædvanlig dansk praksis og i det omfang  det er tilladt i henhold til gældende lovgivning  herunder Rule 14e-5(b) i Exchange Act kan Deutsche Börse eller et af Deutsche Börses koncernforbundne selskaber eller nominees eller mæglere for forannævnte (der agerer som agenter eller i lignende egenskab) til enhver tid foretage visse køb eller indgå aftale om køb af SimCorp aktier uden for USA ud over i henhold til Tilbuddet. Dette kan ske før eller i løbet af den periode  hvor Tilbuddet er åbent for accept. Sådanne køb kan ske enten i markedet til gældende kurser eller i private transaktioner til forhandlede priser. Hvis Deutsche Börse  eller et af Deutsche Börses koncernforbundne selskaber eller nominees eller mæglere for forannævnte  inden gennemførelsen  erhverver SimCorp aktier til en højere pris end Tilbudsprisen  vil Deutsche Börse forhøje Tilbudsprisen tilsvarende som krævet i henhold til gældende love  regler eller bestemmelser. Eventuelle oplysninger om sådanne køb vil blive offentliggjort gennem Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S og relevante elektroniske medier  hvis og i det omfang en sådan offentliggørelse kræves i henhold til gældende ret  regler eller bestemmelser. I øvrigt kan både Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc og Deutsche Bank AG og deres respektive tilknyttede selskaber som led i udøvelsen af deres sædvanlige aktiviteter foretage eller eje en lang række investeringer  herunder fungere som modparter i visse derivat- eller afdækningsaftaler og aktivt handle gælds- eller aktieinstrumenter (eller relaterede afledte finansielle instrumenter) samt andre typer finansielle instrumenter (herunder banklån) for egen regning og for deres kunders regning  og sådanne aktiviteter vedrørende investeringer og finansielle instrumenter kan omfatte værdipapirer og/eller instrumenter i SimCorp.25.05.2023 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['ALL-CASH VOLUNTARY RECOMMENDED PUBLIC TAKEOVER OFFER', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'OFFER DOCUMENT', 'SIMCORP A/S', 'THE', 'ALL-CASH VOLUNTARY RECOMMENDED PUBLIC TAKEOVER OFFER', 'Danish Financial Supervisory Authority', '3-months volume-weighted average price', 'DANISH EXECUTIVE ORDER NO.', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Danish Takeover Order', 'three (3) business days', '38.9 per cent premium', '45.3 per cent premium', 'necessary regulatory approvals', 'existing incentive program', 'minimum acceptance level', 'Executive Management Board', 'closing share price', 'Latest expected announcement', 'The Offer Price', 'TAKEOVER OFFERS', 'acceptance form', 'Key word', 'final result', 'other distributions', 'voting rights', 'remuneration policy', 'following timetable', 'key dates', 'preliminary results', 'Latest date', 'one share', 'share capital', 'OFFER DOCUMENT', 'offer period', 'Offer Highlights', 'Offer Timetable', 'treasury shares', 'AN ANNOUNCEMENT', 'Company announcement', 'latest announcement', 'SIMCORP A/S', ""Directors' intention"", 'binding agreement', 'SimCorp share', 'customary conditions', 'full terms', 'SimCorp Board', ""Directors' statement"", 'shareholders', 'EQS-News', 'issuer', 'content', 'ACCORDANCE', 'SECTION', '15 MAY', '25 May', 'reference', '27 April', 'entering', 'DKK', 'restrictions', 'deutsche-boerse', 'investor-relations', 'mitteilungen', 'services', '13 July', 'expiry', 'adjustment', 'dividends', 'completion', '26 April', 'satisfaction', 'respect', 'Members', 'decision', 'regards', 'Publication', 'commencement', 'June', 'expiration', 'extension', 'withdrawal', 'case', '14 July', 'settlement', '23:59']",2023-05-25,2023-05-25,uk.movies.yahoo.com
25307,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.tradersmagazine.com/news/tmx-clearstream-to-launch-canadian-collateral-management-service/,TMX  Clearstream to Launch Canadian Collateral Management Service,TMX Group and Clearstream Announce Plans to Launch New Canadian Collateral Management Service. TMX  Canada’s premier exchange group  collaborating with leading global post-trade,TMX Group and Clearstream Announce Plans to Launch New Canadian Collateral Management ServiceTMX  Canada’s premier exchange group  collaborating with leading global post-trade provider Clearstream to develop a tailored solution for Canada’s marketsTMX and European post-trade services provider Clearstream join forces to launch Canadian Collateral Management Service (CCMS)Exclusive domestic tri-party repo capability to increase liquidity and minimize exposure riskPlatform launch planned for third quarter of 2023May 24  2023 (TORONTO  LUXEMBOURG) – TMX Group Limited (TMX Group) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream)  the international central securities depository of Deutsche Börse Group  today announced plans to launch a new  automated Canadian Collateral Management Service  or CCMS. Together  TMX Group and Clearstream are working to leverage the combined strength of their complementary services to develop and deliver the CCMS  which will include the introduction of Canada’s first domestic triparty repo capability.“We are pleased to work together with Clearstream  a world-leader in post-trade infrastructure and securities services in pursuit of a customized mobility and liquidity solution for Canada’s secured finance industry ” said John McKenzie  Chief Executive Officer of TMX Group. “In keeping with our purpose to make markets better and empower bold ideas  TMX is firmly committed to seeking out innovative  workable solutions to client challenges and strengthening Canada’s financial ecosystem. The new CCMS will enable our clients to better meet the continuously evolving collateral requirements of today’s markets  while supporting the growth of repos as an investment product for Canadian buy and sell side clients.”Sam Riley  Chief Executive Officer of Clearstream Securities Services  added: “It is at the heart of Clearstream’s collateral management strategy to provide our clients with reliable and scalable state-of the-art solutions that reduce the frictional costs of trading through transparency and automation. In TMX  we have found an excellent partner to deliver our proven first-class triparty repo capability to the Canadian market. CCMS will deliver increased liquidity and efficiency while minimizing exposures  supporting the Canadian market on its endeavor to move to T+1. Clients will also benefit from Clearstream’s industry-leading technology and digital innovation  such as the cloud-based  digital collateral schedule capability known as OSCAR.”Targeted for launch in the third quarter of 2023  the new CCMS will facilitate optimization and collateralization of securities finance activities throughout the Canadian market.The initial phase of the CCMS will be offered to market participants in Canada’s secured funding market  providing an automated and efficient process throughout the transaction cycle. The CCMS will also support the industry shift to a T+1 settlement cycle for the Canadian and US markets in 2024  to promote increased efficiencies and collateral mobility  while reducing operational risk.For more information  please visit www.cds.ca/ccms.To celebrate the collaboration  executives from TMX and Clearstream will close the market at the TMX Market Centre on Wednesday  May 24  at 4:00 p.m. ET.For Market Closes: Media may pick up a feed from the TOC (television operations centre) for all market close ceremonies. The feed is named TSX Transmit 1 (HD-SDI) and is produced at the TMX Market Centre and sent live to the TOC. To pick up the feed via the Dejero network  please contact avservices@tmx.com. The client feature video will begin playing on the TMX media wall at approximately 3:59 p.m. ET  and the markets will close with the sound of a siren at 4:00 p.m. ET.About TMX Group (TSX:X)TMX Group operates global markets  and builds digital communities and analytic solutions that facilitate the funding  growth and success of businesses  traders and investors. TMX Group’s key operations include Toronto Stock Exchange  TSX Venture Exchange  TSX Alpha Exchange  The Canadian Depository for Securities  Montréal Exchange  Canadian Derivatives Clearing Corporation  and Trayport which provide listing markets  trading markets  clearing facilities  depository services  technology solutions  data products and other services to the global financial community. TMX Group is headquartered in Toronto and operates offices across North America (Montréal  Calgary  Vancouver and New York)  as well as in key international markets including London  Singapore and Vienna. For more information about TMX Group  visit our website at www.tmx.com. Follow TMX Group on Twitter: @TMXGroup.About ClearstreamClearstream is the innovative and trusted post-trade business for the global markets. It runs the leading securities and funds servicing ecosystems of tomorrow.The company operates the German and Luxembourg central securities depositories and an international central securities depository for the Eurobonds market. With 17 trillion Euros in assets under custody  it is one of the world’s largest settlement and custody firms for domestic and international securities. It also delivers premier fund execution  distribution  data and reporting services  covering over 50 fund markets worldwide.Clearstream is part of Deutsche Börse Group  an international exchange organisation and provider of innovative market infrastructures.To learn more  visit us at www.clearstream.com or connect via LinkedIn.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.8,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['Canadian Collateral Management Service', 'TMX', 'Clearstream', 'Exclusive domestic tri-party repo capability', 'first domestic triparty repo capability', 'new, automated Canadian Collateral Management Service', 'cloud-based, digital collateral schedule capability', 'New Canadian Collateral Management Service', 'first-class triparty repo capability', 'Luxembourg central securities depositories', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Canadian Derivatives Clearing Corporation', 'international central securities depository', 'European post-trade services provider', 'exposure risk Platform launch', 'Clearstream Banking S.A.', 'leading global post-trade provider', 'collateral management strategy', 'trusted post-trade business', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'TSX Venture Exchange', 'TSX Alpha Exchange', 'securities finance activities', 'The Canadian Depository', 'secured finance industry', 'television operations centre', 'client feature video', 'premier exchange group', 'global financial community', 'market close ceremonies', 'Montréal Exchange', 'key international markets', 'Toronto Stock Exchange', 'TMX Group Limited', 'TMX Market Centre', 'innovative, workable solutions', 'T+1 settlement cycle', 'TMX media wall', 'Clearstream Securities Services', 'leading securities', 'collateral requirements', 'collateral mobility', 'depository services', 'New York', 'Canadian market', 'post-trade infrastructure', 'Canadian buy', 'digital innovation', 'operational risk', 'digital communities', 'key operations', 'clearing facilities', 'new CCMS', 'complementary services', 'client challenges', 'financial ecosystem', 'transaction cycle', 'industry shift', 'other services', 'largest settlement', 'global markets', 'market participants', 'Market Closes', 'Eurobonds market', 'tailored solution', 'third quarter', 'combined strength', 'customized mobility', 'John McKenzie', 'bold ideas', 'investment product', 'Sam Riley', 'scalable state', 'art solutions', 'frictional costs', 'excellent partner', 'industry-leading technology', 'initial phase', 'efficient process', 'Dejero network', 'technology solutions', 'data products', 'North America', '17 trillion Euros', 'The CCMS', 'US markets', 'listing markets', 'funding market', 'liquidity solution', 'side clients', 'trading markets', 'Plans', 'Canada', 'forces', 'introduction', 'world-leader', 'pursuit', 'purpose', 'today', 'growth', 'repos', 'sell', 'heart', 'reliable', 'transparency', 'automation', 'efficiency', 'exposures', 'endeavor', 'OSCAR', 'optimization', 'collateralization', 'efficiencies', 'information', 'collaboration', 'executives', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'feed', 'TOC.', 'sound', 'siren', 'success', 'businesses', 'traders', 'investors', 'Trayport', 'offices', 'Calgary', 'Vancouver', 'London', 'Singapore', 'Vienna', 'website', 'Twitter', 'TMXGroup', 'funds', 'ecosystems', 'tomorrow', 'company', 'German', 'assets', 'custody', '4:00', '3:59']",2023-05-25,2023-05-25,tradersmagazine.com
25308,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/1a4ebca104617391,Cboe prepares for European stock market listings grab,US trading venue operator to take on Euronext and Deutsche Börse for IPOs #euronext #deutschebörse,US trading venue operator to take on Euronext and Deutsche Börse for IPOs #euronext#deutschebörse This story appeared on ft.com  2023-05-24.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['European stock market listings', 'Cboe', 'US trading venue operator', 'Deutsche Börse', 'euronext#deutschebörse', 'IPOs', 'story']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,biztoc.com
25309,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LHYFE-137697440/news/Lhyfe-Summary-of-the-Combined-Annual-General-Meeting-held-on-23-May-2023-43931688/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,Lhyfe :  Summary of the Combined Annual General Meeting held on 23 May 2023,(marketscreener.com)  Nantes – 23 May 2023 – 06.00 pm. – Lhyfe   one of the world's pioneers in the production of green and renewable hydrogen to decarbonize industry and mobility  held its Combined Annual General Meeting this Tuesday 23 May 2023. This meet…,"Nantes (France) – 23 May 2023 – 06.00 pm. – Lhyfe (Euronext Paris - FR0014009YQ1 - LHYFE)  one of the world's pioneers in the production of green and renewable hydrogen to decarbonize industry and mobility  held its Combined Annual General Meeting this Tuesday 23 May 2023. This meeting was chaired by Matthieu Guesné  Chairman of the Board  in the presence of the Company's Statutory Auditors.During this Annual General Meeting – the first since the company's IPO on the Euronext market in Paris  Lhyfe's shareholders approved the annual and consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2022. All thirty resolutions put to the vote were approved.The voting results for each resolution proposed for approval will be made available under the Investors  Annual general meetings section   of Lhyfe's website  within the statutory time frame.The documents (in French) required by the law Code were made available to shareholders at the company's headquarters (1 ter mail Pablo Picasso  44000 Nantes  France) and under the Investors  Annual general meetings section   of Lhyfe's website.About LhyfeLhyfe is a European group dedicated to the energy transition  and a producer and supplier of green and renewable hydrogen. Its production sites and portfolio of projects aim to provide access to green and renewable hydrogen in industrial quantities  and to enter into a virtuous energy model allowing the decarbonization of entire sectors of industry and mobility.In 2021  Lhyfe inaugurated the world's first industrial green hydrogen production site in direct connection with a wind farm. In 2022  Lhyfe inaugurated the world's first pilot platform for green hydrogen production at sea.Lhyfe is present in 11 European countries and has 149 employees at the end of 2022. The company is listed on the Euronext market in Paris (ISIN: FR0014009YQ1 - mnemonic: LHYFE).For more information go to Lhyfe.comContactsInvestor relationsLHYFEYoann Nguyeninvestors@lhyfe.com Financial press relationsACTUSManon Clairet+33 (0)1 53 67 36 73mclairet@actus.fr Business press relationsNouvelles GrainesClémence Rebours+33 (0)6 60 57 76 43c.rebours@nouvelles-graines.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lG5yYppsYZrIyZpvkphtbWiWmppmx2LJmGfKm2dpk5/InHFiyZtmaJzHZnFhlmVn- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/80101-lhyfe-cp-post-agm-23052023-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.6,0.38,0.01,True,English,"['Combined Annual General Meeting', 'Lhyfe', 'Summary', '23 May', 'first industrial green hydrogen production site', 'Annual general meetings section', 'Combined Annual General Meeting', 'first pilot platform', 'consolidated financial statements', 'original press release', 'Financial press relations', 'Business press relations', 'statutory time frame', 'virtuous energy model', 'next press releases', 'Clémence Rebours', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'industrial quantities', 'renewable hydrogen', 'production sites', 'Investor relations', 'Statutory Auditors', 'energy transition', 'other releases', 'Matthieu Guesné', 'Euronext market', 'fiscal year', 'thirty resolutions', 'voting results', 'law Code', 'Pablo Picasso', 'European group', 'entire sectors', 'direct connection', 'wind farm', '11 European countries', 'Yoann Nguyen', 'Manon Clairet', 'Nouvelles Graines', 'Euronext Paris', 'Regulated information', 'Nantes', 'France', '23 May', 'Lhyfe', 'FR0014009YQ1', 'world', 'pioneers', 'industry', 'mobility', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'presence', 'Company', 'IPO', 'shareholders', 'vote', 'approval', 'Investors', 'website', 'documents', 'French', 'headquarters', 'producer', 'supplier', 'portfolio', 'projects', 'access', 'decarbonization', 'sea', '149 employees', 'end', 'mnemonic', 'Contacts', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'cp', 'agm', 'email', '06.00']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25310,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EGIDE-S-A-5193/news/Egide-Update-on-discussions-with-the-potential-buyer-of-Egide-SA-s-US-subsidiaries-43938034/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,Egide: Update on discussions with the potential buyer of Egide SA's US subsidiaries,(marketscreener.com) Bollène  May 24  2023 - 06 :00 pm Press Release Update on discussions with the potential buyer of Egide SA's US subsidiaries Egide Group announces today that the potential buyer of its American subsidiaries  with which it had signed an ex…,Bollène  May 24  2023 - 06 :00 pm (CET)Press ReleaseUpdate on discussions with the potential buyerof Egide SA's US subsidiariesEgide Group ( Euronext Growth Paris™- ISIN : FR0000072373 - Mnémo : ALGID ) announces today that the potential buyer of its American subsidiaries  with which it had signed an exclusivity agreement until the end of May 2023  has ended its discussions with Egide.Egide Group remains decided to sell its subsidiaries in the USA. It is pursuing other discussions and intends to hire an investment bank to optimize the sale of its subsidiaries in the USA.The Egide Group will keep the market informed of any significant developments on this matter.FINANCIAL CALENDARAnnual Financial Report: By end of JuneGeneral Meeting : June 30  20232023 HY Revenue : July 19  2023CONTACTSEGIDE – Finance Department – Philippe Bringuier - +33 4 90 30 35 94 – pbringuier@fr.egide-group.comFIN’EXTENSO – Press Relations - Isabelle Aprile - +33 6 17 38 61 78 – i.aprile@finextenso.frAbout EGIDE - Keep up to date with all the Group's news online: www.egide-group.com and LinkedInEgide is a group with an international dimension  specialized in the manufacture of hermetic packages and heat dissipation solutions for sensitive electronic components. It operates in cutting edge markets with strong technology barriers to entry in all critical industry segments (Thermal Imaging. Optronics. High-Frequency. Power Units…). Egide is the only pure player in this market niche with manufacturing bases in France and the United States.EGIDE is listed Euronext Growth Paris™- ISIN : FR0000072373 - Mnémo : ALGIDAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.28,0.32,True,English,"['potential buyer', 'US subsidiaries', 'Egide SA', 'Update', 'discussions', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR Annual Financial Report', 'Euronext Growth Paris™', 'heat dissipation solutions', 'sensitive electronic components', 'cutting edge markets', 'strong technology barriers', 'critical industry segments', 'June General Meeting', 'The Egide Group', 'Bollène', 'Press Release', 'potential buyer', 'Mnémo', 'exclusivity agreement', 'investment bank', 'significant developments', '2023 HY Revenue', 'Finance Department', 'Philippe Bringuier', 'FIN’EXTENSO', 'Press Relations', 'international dimension', 'hermetic packages', 'Thermal Imaging', 'Power Units', 'pure player', 'manufacturing bases', 'United States', 'Egide SA', 'US subsidiaries', 'American subsidiaries', 'Isabelle Aprile', 'market niche', 'ALGID Attachment', 'other discussions', 'May', 'CET', 'Update', 'ISIN', 'USA', 'sale', 'matter', 'July', 'CONTACTS', 'finextenso', 'news', 'LinkedIn', 'manufacture', 'entry', 'Optronics', 'High-Frequency', 'France', '06 :00']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25311,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/24/2675522/0/en/Egide-Update-on-discussions-with-the-potential-buyer-of-Egide-SA-s-US-subsidiaries.html,Egide: Update on discussions with the potential buyer of Egide SA's US subsidiaries,Bollène  May 24  2023 - 06 :00 pm (CET)Press Release  Update on discussions with the potential buyer of Egide SA's US subsidiaries  Egide Group (...,English FrenchBollène  May 24  2023 - 06 :00 pm (CET)Press ReleaseUpdate on discussions with the potential buyerof Egide SA's US subsidiariesEgide Group ( Euronext Growth Paris™- ISIN : FR0000072373 - Mnémo : ALGID ) announces today that the potential buyer of its American subsidiaries  with which it had signed an exclusivity agreement until the end of May 2023  has ended its discussions with Egide.Egide Group remains decided to sell its subsidiaries in the USA. It is pursuing other discussions and intends to hire an investment bank to optimize the sale of its subsidiaries in the USA.The Egide Group will keep the market informed of any significant developments on this matter.FINANCIAL CALENDARAnnual Financial Report: By end of JuneGeneral Meeting : June 30  20232023 HY Revenue : July 19  2023CONTACTSEGIDE – Finance Department – Philippe Bringuier - +33 4 90 30 35 94 – pbringuier@fr.egide-group.comFIN’EXTENSO – Press Relations - Isabelle Aprile - +33 6 17 38 61 78 – i.aprile@finextenso.frAbout EGIDE - Keep up to date with all the Group's news online: www.egide-group.com and LinkedInEgide is a group with an international dimension  specialized in the manufacture of hermetic packages and heat dissipation solutions for sensitive electronic components. It operates in cutting edge markets with strong technology barriers to entry in all critical industry segments (Thermal Imaging. Optronics. High-Frequency. Power Units…). Egide is the only pure player in this market niche with manufacturing bases in France and the United States.EGIDE is listed Euronext Growth Paris™- ISIN : FR0000072373 - Mnémo : ALGIDAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.93,0.06,0.01,True,English,"['potential buyer', 'US subsidiaries', 'Egide SA', 'Update', 'discussions', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR Annual Financial Report', 'English French Bollène', 'Euronext Growth Paris™', 'heat dissipation solutions', 'sensitive electronic components', 'cutting edge markets', 'strong technology barriers', 'critical industry segments', 'June General Meeting', 'The Egide Group', 'Press Release', 'potential buyer', 'Mnémo', 'exclusivity agreement', 'investment bank', 'significant developments', '2023 HY Revenue', 'Finance Department', 'Philippe Bringuier', 'FIN’EXTENSO', 'Press Relations', 'international dimension', 'hermetic packages', 'Thermal Imaging', 'Power Units', 'pure player', 'manufacturing bases', 'United States', 'US subsidiaries', 'American subsidiaries', 'Isabelle Aprile', 'market niche', 'ALGID Attachment', 'Egide SA', 'other discussions', 'May', 'CET', 'Update', 'USA', 'sale', 'matter', 'July', 'CONTACTS', 'news', 'LinkedIn', 'manufacture', 'entry', 'Optronics', 'High-Frequency', 'France', 'ISIN', '06 :00', '4']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,globenewswire.com
25312,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALMAWAVE-S-P-A-120091815/news/Almawave-S-p-A-Share-capital-increase-43933051/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,Almawave S p A : Share capital increase,(marketscreener.com)   SHARE CAPITAL INCREASE TO SERVICE THE 2021-2023 STOCK GRANT PLAN APPROVED   Rome  May 24  2023 - Almawave S.p.A.  an Italian enterprise listed on the Euronext Growth Milan and a member of the Almaviva Group  an Artificial Intellige…,SHARE CAPITAL INCREASE TO SERVICE THE 2021-2023 STOCK GRANT PLAN APPROVEDRome  May 24  2023 - Almawave S.p.A.  an Italian enterprise listed on the Euronext Growth Milan (Ticker: AIW) and a member of the Almaviva Group  an Artificial Intelligence (AI)  natural language analysis and Big Data services leader  announces that  after ascertaining the achievement of the objectives of the Second Tranche of the 2021-2023 Stock Grant Plan  the Board of Directors today partially executed the capital increase motion passed by the Shareholders' Meeting on February 26  2021  through a capital increase of Euro 3 512.00 and the issue of 351 200 new ordinary shares with no par value  to be allocated free of charge to the beneficiaries of the Second Tranche of the Plan.The effective date of the capital increase and subsequent allocation of shares will be July 4  2023.The Company will publish the notice of change in share capital following the filing of the successful execution of the capital increase with the Rome Companies Registration Office according to the legal deadlines.Almawave profileAlmawave S.p.A.  an Almaviva Group company  is a leading Italian Artificial Intelligence and written and spoken natural language processing leader. Almawave leverages cutting-edge proprietary technologies and applied services to deliver upon the potential of AI as enterprises and the public sector evolve digitally. An international focus is provided by Almawave do Brasil  Almawave USA and PerVoice. The Group has dedicated technology laboratories and over 400 professionals with significant expertise of enabling technologies and the main frameworks - Big Data  Data Science  Machine Learning  AI Architecture and Integration - in addition to broad business process knowledge. Almawave's technological asset base  conceived and built as a model of natural experience in the interaction between man and machine  can interpret text and voice in 40 languages  interacting in multi-channel mode  analyzing data and information with a view to knowledge development and automation. The company has a customer base of over 300  with thousands of final users of its platforms. Two new companies were added to the Group scope: The Data Appeal Company  operating with an AI-based product in the world of location intelligence for the Tourism  Fintech and Retail and Sistemi Territoriali  offering decision support system solutions  Geo spacial analytics and Big Data expertise in the Utilities and Government sectors www.almawave.itFor further information:Almawave contacts (External press office):Thanai Bernardini  mob. 335.7245418  me@thanai.itAlessandro Bozzi Valenti  mob. 348.0090866  alessandro.valenti@thanai.itIR Contacts:Antonello Gresia  tel. 06 3993.2947  investor.relations@almawave.itIR Advisor Contacts:Mara Di Giorgio  mob. 335.7737417  mara@twin.servicesEuronext Growth Advisor Contacts:Banca Mediolanum  tel. 02.9049.2525  ecm@mediolanum.itAlmaviva Group contacts:Ilaria De Bernardis  Media Relations Manager  mob. 342.9849109  i.debernardis@almaviva.itMariagrazia Scaringella  Media Relations  tel. 06.3993.1  mob. 340.8455510  m.scaringella@almaviva.it,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Share capital increase', 'Almawave S', 'decision support system solutions', 'broad business process knowledge', 'natural language processing leader', 'Almawave S.p.A.', 'Euronext Growth Advisor Contacts', 'Rome Companies Registration Office', '2021-2023 Stock Grant Plan', 'Big Data services leader', 'leading Italian Artificial Intelligence', 'it IR Advisor Contacts', 'The Data Appeal Company', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'natural language analysis', 'Two new companies', 'External press office', 'Geo spacial analytics', 'Ilaria De Bernardis', 'cutting-edge proprietary technologies', 'technological asset base', 'Big Data expertise', '351,200 new ordinary shares', 'Mara Di Giorgio', 'Media Relations Manager', 'capital increase motion', 'Almaviva Group contacts', 'Alessandro Bozzi Valenti', 'Almaviva Group company', 'IR Contacts', 'The Group', 'Italian enterprise', 'applied services', 'natural experience', 'knowledge development', 'Almawave contacts', 'Data Science', 'location intelligence', 'significant expertise', 'enabling technologies', 'customer base', 'Group scope', 'SHARE CAPITAL', 'Second Tranche', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'par value', 'effective date', 'subsequent allocation', 'successful execution', 'legal deadlines', 'Almawave profile', 'public sector', 'international focus', 'Almawave USA', 'technology laboratories', 'main frameworks', 'multi-channel mode', 'final users', 'AI-based product', 'Sistemi Territoriali', 'Government sectors', 'Antonello Gresia', 'Machine Learning', 'Thanai Bernardini', 'Banca Mediolanum', 'itMariagrazia Scaringella', 'AI Architecture', 'Ticker', 'AIW', 'member', 'achievement', 'objectives', 'Board', 'Directors', 'February', 'issue', 'charge', 'beneficiaries', 'notice', 'change', 'filing', 'potential', 'enterprises', 'Brasil', 'PerVoice', '400 professionals', 'Integration', 'addition', 'model', 'interaction', 'text', '40 languages', 'information', 'view', 'automation', 'thousands', 'platforms', 'world', 'Tourism', 'Fintech', 'Retail', 'Utilities', 'mob', 'investor']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25313,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/24/2675579/0/en/GENFIT-May-24-2023-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-results.html,GENFIT: May 24  2023 Combined Shareholders Meeting results,Lille (France); Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States); Zurich (Switzerland); May 24  2023 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases  today a…,English FrenchQuorum of 29.54% on first convening; allowing approval of all the resolutions recommended by the Board of DirectorsLille (France); Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States); Zurich (Switzerland); May 24  2023 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases  today announced the results of the Combined Shareholders Meeting which took place on May 24  2023. The quorum on first convening amounted to 29.54% and shareholders approved all of the resolutions  with the exception of resolution n°26 which was rejected in accordance with the recommendations of the Board of Directors.The voting results  resolution by resolution  are available in the Investors & Media section of the Company’s website (https://ir.genfit.com/financial-information/shareholders-meeting).ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and strong scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Thanks to its expertise in bringing early-stage assets with high potential to late development and pre-commercialization stages  today GENFIT boasts a growing and diversified pipeline of innovative therapeutic and diagnostic solutions.Its R&D pipeline covers six therapeutic areas via six programs which explore the potential of differentiated mechanisms of action  across a variety of development stages (pre-clinical  Phase 1  Phase 2  Phase 3). These diseases are acute on-chronic liver failure (ACLF)  hepatic encephalopathy (HE)  cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  urea cycle disorder (UCD)  organic acidemias (OA) and primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). Beyond therapeutics  GENFIT’s pipeline also includes a diagnostic franchise focused on NASH and ACLF.GENFIT has facilities in Lille and Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). GENFIT is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  IPSEN became one of GENFIT’s largest shareholders and holds 8% of the company’s share capital.www.genfit.comCONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comPRESS RELATIONS | MediaStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.26,0.47,True,English,"['Combined Shareholders Meeting results', 'GENFIT', 'May', '885 Avenue Eugène Avinée', 'high unmet medical needs', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'liver disease research', 'strong scientific heritage', 'chronic liver failure', 'primary biliary cholangitis', 'severe liver diseases', 'R&D pipeline', 'six therapeutic areas', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Combined Shareholders Meeting', 'high potential', 'innovative therapeutic', 'six programs', 'English French', 'first convening', 'United States', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'early-stage assets', 'pre-commercialization stages', 'diversified pipeline', 'diagnostic solutions', 'differentiated mechanisms', 'hepatic encephalopathy', 'cycle disorder', 'organic acidemias', 'diagnostic franchise', 'compartment B', 'share capital', 'PRESS RELATIONS', 'largest shareholders', 'late development', 'development stages', 'voting results', 'Media section', 'Stephanie Boyer', 'Quorum', 'approval', 'resolutions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'May', 'GENFIT', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'patients', 'rare', 'place', 'exception', 'accordance', 'recommendations', 'Investors', 'website', 'financial-information', 'pioneer', 'expertise', 'growing', 'action', 'variety', 'Phase', 'ACLF', 'cholangiocarcinoma', 'CCA', 'UCD', 'PBC', 'therapeutics', 'NASH', 'facilities', 'Paris', 'USA', 'IPSEN', 'CONTACT', 'Tel', '59120 Loos', 'Attachment', '29.']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,globenewswire.com
25314,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENFIT-16311755/news/GENFIT-May-24-2023-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-results-43938403/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,GENFIT: May 24  2023 Combined Shareholders Meeting results,(marketscreener.com) Quorum of 29.54% on first convening; allowing approval of all the resolutions recommended by the Board of Directors Lille ; Cambridge ; Zurich ; May 24  2023 - GENFIT   a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the liv…,Quorum of 29.54% on first convening; allowing approval of all the resolutions recommended by the Board of DirectorsLille (France); Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States); Zurich (Switzerland); May 24  2023 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases  today announced the results of the Combined Shareholders Meeting which took place on May 24  2023. The quorum on first convening amounted to 29.54% and shareholders approved all of the resolutions  with the exception of resolution n°26 which was rejected in accordance with the recommendations of the Board of Directors.The voting results  resolution by resolution  are available in the Investors & Media section of the Company’s website (https://ir.genfit.com/financial-information/shareholders-meeting).ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and strong scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Thanks to its expertise in bringing early-stage assets with high potential to late development and pre-commercialization stages  today GENFIT boasts a growing and diversified pipeline of innovative therapeutic and diagnostic solutions.Its R&D pipeline covers six therapeutic areas via six programs which explore the potential of differentiated mechanisms of action  across a variety of development stages (pre-clinical  Phase 1  Phase 2  Phase 3). These diseases are acute on-chronic liver failure (ACLF)  hepatic encephalopathy (HE)  cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  urea cycle disorder (UCD)  organic acidemias (OA) and primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). Beyond therapeutics  GENFIT’s pipeline also includes a diagnostic franchise focused on NASH and ACLF.GENFIT has facilities in Lille and Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). GENFIT is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  IPSEN became one of GENFIT’s largest shareholders and holds 8% of the company’s share capital.www.genfit.comCONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comPRESS RELATIONS | MediaStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.24,0.38,True,English,"['Combined Shareholders Meeting results', 'GENFIT', 'May', '885 Avenue Eugène Avinée', 'high unmet medical needs', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'liver disease research', 'strong scientific heritage', 'chronic liver failure', 'primary biliary cholangitis', 'severe liver diseases', 'R&D pipeline', 'six therapeutic areas', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Combined Shareholders Meeting', 'high potential', 'innovative therapeutic', 'six programs', 'first convening', 'United States', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'early-stage assets', 'pre-commercialization stages', 'diversified pipeline', 'diagnostic solutions', 'differentiated mechanisms', 'hepatic encephalopathy', 'cycle disorder', 'organic acidemias', 'diagnostic franchise', 'compartment B', 'share capital', 'PRESS RELATIONS', 'largest shareholders', 'late development', 'development stages', 'voting results', 'Media section', 'Stephanie Boyer', 'Quorum', 'approval', 'resolutions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'May', 'GENFIT', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'patients', 'rare', 'place', 'exception', 'accordance', 'recommendations', 'Investors', 'website', 'financial-information', 'pioneer', 'expertise', 'growing', 'action', 'variety', 'ACLF', 'cholangiocarcinoma', 'CCA', 'UCD', 'PBC', 'therapeutics', 'NASH', 'facilities', 'Paris', 'USA', 'IPSEN', 'CONTACT', 'Tel', '59120 Loos', 'Attachment', '29.']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25315,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/24/2674891/0/en/DNO-Shares-Traded-Ex-Dividend.html,DNO Shares Traded Ex-Dividend,Oslo  24 May 2023 – DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that the Company’s shares will be traded ex-dividend effective 24 May 2023.,Oslo  24 May 2023 – DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that the Company’s shares will be traded ex-dividend effective 24 May 2023.A dividend payment of NOK 0.25 per share will be made on or about 2 June 2023 to all shareholders of record as of 25 May 2023.–For further information  please contact:Media: media@dno.noInvestors: investor.relations@dno.no–DNO ASA is a Norwegian oil and gas operator active in the Middle East  the North Sea and West Africa. Founded in 1971 and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange  the Company holds stakes in onshore and offshore licenses at various stages of exploration  development and production in the Kurdistan region of Iraq  Norway  the United Kingdom  Côte d’Ivoire  Netherlands and Yemen.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and section 4.2.5.3 of Euronext Oslo Rulebook II.,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.05,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['DNO Shares', 'Dividend', 'Côte d’Ivoire', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Euronext Oslo Rulebook', 'Norwegian oil', 'DNO ASA', 'gas operator', 'Middle East', 'North Sea', 'West Africa', 'offshore licenses', 'various stages', 'Kurdistan region', 'United Kingdom', 'disclosure requirements', '24 May', 'Company', 'shares', 'payment', 'NOK', '2 June', 'shareholders', 'record', '25 May', 'information', 'Media', 'Investors', 'stakes', 'onshore', 'exploration', 'development', 'production', 'Iraq', 'Norway', 'Netherlands', 'Yemen', 'section']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,globenewswire.com
25316,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/24/2675652/0/en/ERYTECH-Announces-the-Availability-of-the-Documents-for-its-Annual-General-Meeting-to-be-held-on-June-23-2023.html,ERYTECH Announces the Availability of the Documents for its Annual General Meeting to be held on June 23  2023,ERYTECH Announces the Availability of the Documents for its Annual General Meeting to be held on June 23  2023    Cambridge  MA (U.S.) and Lyon...,English FrenchERYTECH Announces the Availability of the Documents for its Annual General Meeting to be held on June 23  2023Cambridge  MA (U.S.) and Lyon (France)  May 24  2023 – ERYTECH Pharma (Nasdaq & Euronext: ERYP)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative therapies by encapsulating therapeutic drug substances inside red blood cells  today announced the availability of the documents for its Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday  June 23  2023.ERYTECH’s shareholders are hereby informed of the Annual General Meeting which will be held on June 23  2023 at 09:30am CEST at the Hôtel Intercontinental  2 rue Scribe  75009 Paris (FRANCE).Shareholders may participate in the General Meeting as follows:Attend in person;Voting by mail or by internet on the secure voting platform Votaccess; orGive a proxy to any individual or legal entity of their choice  under the applicable legal and regulatory conditions  or give a proxy to the Chairman of the Shareholders' Meeting. The Chairman will then vote on their behalf in favor of the adoption of the draft resolutions presented or approved by the Board of Directors and against the adoption of all other draft resolutions.Availability of the documents for the Shareholders’ MeetingThe notice of meeting including the agenda and the draft resolutions  together with the principal details for attending and voting at the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting was published in the French Bulletin of Legal Announcements no. 59 on May 17  2023.Shareholders have access to the preparatory and information documents for the Shareholders’ Meeting as provided for by law and the regulations. They may also be viewed on the Company website at: https://investors.erytech.com/general-meeting. Shareholders are kindly advised to consult this section on a regular basis  as it may be updated to specify the final terms and conditions of participation in this Shareholders’ Meeting  in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements.About ERYTECH: www.erytech.comERYTECH is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics for severe forms of cancer and orphan diseases. Leveraging its proprietary ERYCAPS® platform  which uses a novel technology to encapsulate drug substances inside red blood cells  ERYTECH is developing a pipeline of product candidates for patients with high unmet medical needs.On February 15 2023  ERYTECH announced its intended strategic combination with PHERECYDES to create a global player in extended phage. More detail can be found in the press release.ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States (ticker: ERYP) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: ERYP). ERYTECH is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.erytech.comCONTACTSERYTECHEric SoyerCFO & COO NewCapMathilde Bohin / Louis-Victor DelouvrierInvestor relationsNicolas MerigeauMedia relations+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@erytech.com+33 1 44 71 94 94erytech@newcap.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.53,0.46,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'ERYTECH', 'Availability', 'Documents', 'June', 'innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics', 'high unmet medical needs', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'red blood cells', 'Hôtel Intercontinental', 'secure voting platform', 'proprietary ERYCAPS® platform', 'Next Biotech indexes', 'therapeutic drug substances', 'Annual General Meeting', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'other draft resolutions', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'innovative therapies', 'global player', 'Company website', 'English French', 'U.S.', '2 rue Scribe', 'principal details', 'French Bulletin', 'regular basis', 'final terms', 'regulatory requirements', 'severe forms', 'orphan diseases', 'novel technology', 'product candidates', 'strategic combination', 'extended phage', 'More detail', 'press release', 'United States', 'ISIN code', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'Eric Soyer', 'COO NewCap', 'Mathilde Bohin', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier', 'Investor relations', 'Nicolas Merigeau', 'Media relations', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'legal entity', 'applicable legal', 'Legal Announcements', 'CAC Healthcare', 'CAC Pharma', 'CAC Mid', 'regulatory conditions', 'ERYTECH Pharma', 'information documents', 'Availability', 'June', 'Cambridge', 'Lyon', 'France', 'May', 'Euronext', 'ERYP', 'Friday', '09:30am', 'Paris', 'person', 'mail', 'internet', 'Votaccess', 'proxy', 'individual', 'choice', 'Chairman', 'behalf', 'favor', 'adoption', 'Board', 'Directors', 'notice', 'agenda', 'preparatory', 'law', 'regulations', 'section', 'participation', 'accordance', 'cancer', 'pipeline', 'patients', 'February', 'PHERECYDES', 'ticker', 'CONTACTS', 'CFO', 'Attachment']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,globenewswire.com
25317,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ERYTECH-PHARMA-S-A-13046812/news/ERYTECH-Announces-the-Availability-of-the-Documents-for-its-Annual-General-Meeting-to-be-held-on-Jun-43939013/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,ERYTECH Announces the Availability of the Documents for its Annual General Meeting to be held on June 23  2023,(marketscreener.com) ERYTECH Announces the Availability of the Documents for its Annual General Meeting to be held on June 23  2023 Cambridge  MA and Lyon   May 24  2023 – ERYTECH Pharma   a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative thera…,ERYTECH Announces the Availability of the Documents for its Annual General Meeting to be held on June 23  2023Cambridge  MA (U.S.) and Lyon (France)  May 24  2023 – ERYTECH Pharma (Nasdaq & Euronext: ERYP)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative therapies by encapsulating therapeutic drug substances inside red blood cells  today announced the availability of the documents for its Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday  June 23  2023.ERYTECH’s shareholders are hereby informed of the Annual General Meeting which will be held on June 23  2023 at 09:30am CEST at the Hôtel Intercontinental  2 rue Scribe  75009 Paris (FRANCE).Shareholders may participate in the General Meeting as follows:Attend in person;Voting by mail or by internet on the secure voting platform Votaccess; orGive a proxy to any individual or legal entity of their choice  under the applicable legal and regulatory conditions  or give a proxy to the Chairman of the Shareholders' Meeting. The Chairman will then vote on their behalf in favor of the adoption of the draft resolutions presented or approved by the Board of Directors and against the adoption of all other draft resolutions.Availability of the documents for the Shareholders’ MeetingThe notice of meeting including the agenda and the draft resolutions  together with the principal details for attending and voting at the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting was published in the French Bulletin of Legal Announcements no. 59 on May 17  2023.Shareholders have access to the preparatory and information documents for the Shareholders’ Meeting as provided for by law and the regulations. They may also be viewed on the Company website at: https://investors.erytech.com/general-meeting. Shareholders are kindly advised to consult this section on a regular basis  as it may be updated to specify the final terms and conditions of participation in this Shareholders’ Meeting  in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements.About ERYTECH: www.erytech.comERYTECH is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics for severe forms of cancer and orphan diseases. Leveraging its proprietary ERYCAPS® platform  which uses a novel technology to encapsulate drug substances inside red blood cells  ERYTECH is developing a pipeline of product candidates for patients with high unmet medical needs.On February 15 2023  ERYTECH announced its intended strategic combination with PHERECYDES to create a global player in extended phage. More detail can be found in the press release.ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States (ticker: ERYP) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: ERYP). ERYTECH is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.erytech.comCONTACTSERYTECHEric SoyerCFO & COO NewCapMathilde Bohin / Louis-Victor DelouvrierInvestor relationsNicolas MerigeauMedia relations+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@erytech.com+33 1 44 71 94 94erytech@newcap.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'ERYTECH', 'Availability', 'Documents', 'June', 'innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics', 'high unmet medical needs', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'red blood cells', 'Hôtel Intercontinental', 'secure voting platform', 'proprietary ERYCAPS® platform', 'Next Biotech indexes', 'therapeutic drug substances', 'Annual General Meeting', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'other draft resolutions', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'innovative therapies', 'global player', 'Company website', 'U.S.', '2 rue Scribe', 'principal details', 'French Bulletin', 'regular basis', 'final terms', 'regulatory requirements', 'severe forms', 'orphan diseases', 'novel technology', 'product candidates', 'strategic combination', 'extended phage', 'More detail', 'press release', 'United States', 'ISIN code', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'Eric Soyer', 'COO NewCap', 'Mathilde Bohin', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier', 'Investor relations', 'Nicolas Merigeau', 'Media relations', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'legal entity', 'applicable legal', 'Legal Announcements', 'CAC Healthcare', 'CAC Pharma', 'CAC Mid', 'regulatory conditions', 'ERYTECH Pharma', 'information documents', 'Availability', 'June', 'Cambridge', 'Lyon', 'France', 'May', 'Euronext', 'ERYP', 'Friday', '09:30am', 'Paris', 'person', 'mail', 'internet', 'Votaccess', 'proxy', 'individual', 'choice', 'Chairman', 'behalf', 'favor', 'adoption', 'Board', 'Directors', 'notice', 'agenda', 'preparatory', 'law', 'regulations', 'section', 'participation', 'accordance', 'cancer', 'pipeline', 'patients', 'February', 'intended', 'PHERECYDES', 'ticker', 'CONTACTS', 'CFO', 'Attachment']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25318,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DGB-GROUP-N-V-6434/news/DGB-N-Group-convenes-annual-general-meeting-of-shareholders-43935846/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,DGB N : Group convenes annual general meeting of shareholders,(marketscreener.com)  DGB Group N.V.   a leading carbon project developer and ecosystem restoration company  convenes its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders  scheduled for Tuesday  6 July 2023  14:00h .   Building upon a commitment to efficiency and d…,"DGB Group N.V. (""DGB""  ""the Group""  or ""the Company"") (Euronext: DGB: NL0009169515)  a leading carbon project developer and ecosystem restoration company  convenes its Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") of Shareholders  scheduled for Tuesday  6 July 2023  14:00h (CET).Building upon a commitment to efficiency and decisive action  DGB will consolidate its previously announced Extraordinary General Meeting  initially scheduled for Friday  26 May 2023  with the upcoming AGM. This integration is to enhance the efficiency of our meetings  allowing shareholders to make informed decisions in a single comprehensive session.Key agenda topics for the upcoming AGM include reviewing and adopting the 2022 annual accounts  a presentation about the organisational restructuring  and adoption of new and revised corporate governance policies. The AGM's full meeting notice  agenda and explanatory notes thereto  and further AGM materials can be downloaded from DGB's website (www.green.earth/invest/investor-relations).Links:Contact details:DGB GROUP NVpress@dgb.earth+31108080126DGB is a project developer of high-quality  large-scale carbon and biodiversity projects accredited by third parties. The Group is focused on nature conservation and helping biodiversity flourish by assisting governments and corporations in achieving net zero. Global megatrends drive the demand for carbon credits and underpin growth opportunities. DGB GROUP NV is a public company traded on the main Dutch stock exchange Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol AEX:DGB and ISIN-code NL0009169515. Website: www.green.earthDisclaimer:This press release does not contain an (invitation to make an) offer to buy or sell or otherwise acquire or subscribe to shares in DGB and is not an advice or recommendation to take or refrain from taking any action. This press release contains statements that could be construed as forward-looking statements  including about the financial position of DGB  the results it achieved and the business(es) it runs. Forward-looking statements are all statements that do not relate to historical facts. These statements are based on information currently available and forecasts and estimates made by DGB's management. Although DGB believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  it cannot guarantee that the ultimate results will not differ materially from those statements that could be construed as forward-looking statements. Factors that may lead to or contribute to differences in current expectations include  but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  tax  regulation  stock market price fluctuations  legal proceedings  regulatory investigations  competitive relationships and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statement or the actual results of DGB are discussed in the annual report. The forward-looking statements in this document speak only as of the date of this document. Subject to any legal obligation  DGB assumes no obligation or responsibility to update the forward-looking statements contained in this document  whether related to new information  future events or otherwise.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.23,0.65,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'DGB N', 'Group', 'shareholders', 'main Dutch stock exchange', 'stock market price fluctuations', 'leading carbon project developer', 'DGB Group N.V.', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'single comprehensive session', 'corporate governance policies', 'full meeting notice', 'high-quality, large-scale carbon', 'general economic conditions', 'Annual General Meeting', 'ecosystem restoration company', 'Key agenda topics', 'DGB GROUP NV', 'carbon credits', 'The Group', '2022 annual accounts', 'annual report', 'informed decisions', 'organisational restructuring', 'explanatory notes', 'Contact details', 'third parties', 'nature conservation', 'net zero', 'Global megatrends', 'growth opportunities', 'public company', 'ticker symbol', 'press release', 'financial position', 'business(es', 'historical facts', 'reasonable assumptions', 'current expectations', 'legal proceedings', 'regulatory investigations', 'competitive relationships', 'forward-looking statement', 'future events', 'upcoming AGM', 'The AGM', 'AGM materials', 'ultimate results', 'actual results', 'decisive action', 'biodiversity projects', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'looking statements', 'other factors', 'legal obligation', 'new information', 'Shareholders', 'Tuesday', 'July', 'CET', 'commitment', 'efficiency', 'Friday', 'May', 'integration', 'meetings', 'presentation', 'adoption', 'revised', 'website', 'investor-relations', 'Links', 'earth', 'governments', 'corporations', 'demand', 'AEX', 'ISIN-code', 'Disclaimer', 'invitation', 'offer', 'shares', 'advice', 'recommendation', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'management', 'differences', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'tax', 'regulation', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'document', 'date', 'responsibility']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25319,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/assorted/clearpoint-neuro-inc--ucb-enter-license-agreement-for-gene-therapy-drug-delivery-432SI-3089930,ClearPoint Neuro Inc.   UCB Enter License Agreement for Gene Therapy Drug Delivery By Investing.com,ClearPoint Neuro Inc.   UCB Enter License Agreement for Gene Therapy Drug Delivery,Published May 24  2023 09:25AM ETClearPoint Neuro Inc. (CLPT)  UCB Enter License Agreement for Gene Therapy Drug DeliveryCLPT -0.51% Add to/Remove from WatchlistClearPoint Neuro  Inc. (CLPT) a global therapy-enabling platform company providing navigation and delivery to the brain  today announced that it has entered into a multi-year license agreement with UCB (EURONEXT BRUSSELS: UCB)  a global biopharmaceutical leader  to partner on drug delivery platforms for UCB’s gene therapy portfolio.“We are extremely excited to partner with UCB  a global biopharmaceutical leader  with a focus on innovating through the adoption of next generation science and new technologies ” stated Jeremy Stigall  Executive Vice President and General Manager of Biologics and Drug Delivery at ClearPoint Neuro. “Over the past year  we have invested heavily in expanding our Biologics and Drug Delivery team  as well as our product and services portfolio to attract partners of UCB’s caliber. UCB sought comprehensive tools to empower a seamless transition from benchtop testing to commercial success  and that’s precisely what our team can deliver today.”Under the terms of the license agreement  UCB will utilize ClearPoint Neuro’s proprietary technology and services in connection with the development and commercialization of UCB’s gene therapy products. ClearPoint Neuro will receive success-based milestone payments. Further financial details of the agreement were not disclosed.Dhaval Patel  Executive Vice President and UCB’s Chief Scientific Officer  said  “We look forward to the ClearPoint Neuro collaboration as we work on advancing UCB’s research and development pipeline in gene therapy. We believe that ClearPoint Neuro are a strong strategic fit for UCB as they are a company dedicated to innovation in the neurology space with a unique portfolio of navigation and drug delivery tools.”,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.73,0.26,0.0,True,English,"['Gene Therapy Drug Delivery', 'ClearPoint Neuro Inc', 'License Agreement', 'UCB', 'Investing', 'global therapy-enabling platform company', 'Gene Therapy Drug Delivery', 'global biopharmaceutical leader', 'next generation science', 'Executive Vice President', 'gene therapy products', 'success-based milestone payments', 'Further financial details', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'strong strategic fit', 'drug delivery platforms', 'gene therapy portfolio', 'drug delivery tools', 'Drug Delivery team', 'ClearPoint Neuro Inc.', 'ClearPoint Neuro collaboration', 'multi-year license agreement', 'comprehensive tools', 'unique portfolio', 'EURONEXT BRUSSELS', 'new technologies', 'Jeremy Stigall', 'General Manager', 'past year', 'seamless transition', 'benchtop testing', 'commercial success', 'proprietary technology', 'Dhaval Patel', 'neurology space', 'services portfolio', 'development pipeline', 'May', 'CLPT', 'UCB', 'Watchlist', 'navigation', 'brain', 'focus', 'adoption', 'Biologics', 'partners', 'caliber', 'terms', 'connection', 'commercialization', 'research', 'innovation']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,investing.com
25320,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOLUTIONS-30-SE-47041212/news/Shareholding-notification-ad-hoc-notification-in-compliance-with-applicable-laws-43938019/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,Shareholding notification (ad hoc notification in compliance with applicable laws),(marketscreener.com) The shareholding structure of Gianbeppi Fortis' participation in Solutions 30 SE has been amended on 22 May 2023 which resulted in direct ownership of shares by Mr. Gianbeppi Fortis  CEO of Solutions 30. The ultimate beneficial owner  Mr.…,The shareholding structure of Gianbeppi Fortis' participation in Solutions 30 SE has been amended on 22 May 2023 which resulted in direct ownership of shares by Mr. Gianbeppi Fortis  CEO of Solutions 30. The ultimate beneficial owner  Mr. Gianbeppi Fortis  and the number of shares  both remain unchanged  and no further transactions are foreseen at this time. Gianbeppi Fortis therefore directly holds 17 323 240 Solutions 30 shares representing 16.17% of the capital and voting rights of the company.This notification is available on the electronic information platform of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange OAM (www.bourse.lu) and on the company's website (www.solutions30.com)  under Investors  financial publications  regulated information.About Solutions30 SEThe Solutions30 group is the European leader in solutions for new technologies. Its mission is to make the technological developments that are transforming our daily lives accessible to everyone  individuals and businesses alike. Yesterday  it was computers and the Internet. Today  it’s digital technology. Tomorrow  it will be technologies that make the world even more interconnected in real time. With more than 65 million call-outs carried out since it was founded and a network of more than 15 000 local technicians  Solutions30 currently covers all of France  Italy  Germany  the Netherlands  Belgium  Luxembourg  the Iberian Peninsula  the United Kingdom  and Poland. The share capital of Solutions30 SE consists of 107 127 984 shares  equal to the number of theoretical votes that can be exercised.Solutions30 SE is listed on the Euronext Paris exchange (ISIN FR0013379484- code S30). Indexes: MSCI Europe ex-UK Small Cap | SBF 120 | CAC Mid 60 | NEXT 150 | CAC Technology | CAC PME.Visit our website for more information: www.solutions30.comContactIndividual Shareholders:Investor Relations - Tel: +33 1 86 86 00 63 - shareholders@solutions30.comAnalysts/Investors:Nathalie Boumendil - Tel: +33 6 85 82 41 95 - nathalie.boumendil@solutions30.comPress - Image 7:Charlotte Le Barbier - Tel: +33 6 78 37 27 60 - clebarbier@image7.frLeslie Jung - Tel: +33 6 78 70 05 55 - ljung@image7.frAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.67,0.26,0.07,True,English,"['ad hoc notification', 'Shareholding notification', 'applicable laws', 'compliance', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange OAM', 'Euronext Paris exchange', 'ultimate beneficial owner', 'UK Small Cap', 'Charlotte Le Barbier', ""Gianbeppi Fortis' participation"", 'Mr. Gianbeppi Fortis', 'electronic information platform', 'The Solutions30 group', 'shareholding structure', 'direct ownership', 'voting rights', 'financial publications', 'regulated information', 'European leader', 'technological developments', 'daily lives', 'digital technology', '65 million call-outs', '15,000 local technicians', 'Iberian Peninsula', 'United Kingdom', 'theoretical votes', '4- code', 'MSCI Europe', 'CAC Mid', 'CAC Technology', 'CAC PME', 'Investor Relations', 'Leslie Jung', 'Solutions30 SE', 'Solutions 30 SE', 'new technologies', 'real time', 'share capital', 'Individual Shareholders', 'Nathalie Boumendil', '323,240 Solutions 30 shares', '107,127,984 shares', '22 May', 'CEO', 'number', 'transactions', 'company', 'notification', 'website', 'Investors', 'mission', 'everyone', 'individuals', 'businesses', 'computers', 'Internet', 'world', 'network', 'France', 'Italy', 'Germany', 'Netherlands', 'Belgium', 'Poland', 'Indexes', 'SBF', 'Contact', 'Tel', 'Press', 'Image', 'Attachment', '17', '33']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25321,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CHARGEURS-5218/news/CHARGEURS-Dividend-Reinvestment-Results-43931951/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,CHARGEURS : Dividend Reinvestment Results,(marketscreener.com)    PRESS RELEASE   Paris  May 24  2023   Dividend Reinvestment Results    33.88 % of rights exercised to reinvest the final 2022 dividend in Chargeurs shares  demonstrating shareholders confidence in Chargeurs' stock  ...ht…,337 184 new shares to be issued on May 25  2023  carrying immediate dividend rights €8 612 834.80: total amount of the cash final dividend that will be paid on May 25  2023At the Annual General Meeting on April 26  2023  Chargeurs' shareholders approved the payment of a €0.76 per-share dividend for 2022  including an interim dividend of €0.22 per share that was paid on October 6  2022. The 2023 AGM also passed a resolution to offer shareholders the option of reinvesting their final dividend for 2022 (corresponding to €0.54 per share) in new Chargeurs shares. See Chargeurs' press release dated April 26  2023 for further details of the terms and conditions of this dividend reinvestment option.After applying the 10% discount decided by the Board of Directors on April 26  2023  as authorized by the General Meeting  the issue price of each new share to be delivered as payment for the final dividend was set at €13.09  representing 90% of the average of the opening prices quoted for Chargeurs' shares during the twenty trading days preceding the date of the Annual General Meeting (April 26  2023)  less the amount of the final per-share dividend and rounded up to the nearest euro cent. The exercise period for the reinvestment option ran from May 4 to May 19  2023.At the close of the exercise period  337 184 new ordinary Chargeurs shares were created  representing 1.33% of the Company's capital and 1.29% of the gross total of voting rights  based on Chargeurs' capital and voting rights at April 30  2023. The shares will be settled-delivered and listed on Euronext Paris as of May 25  2023. The new shares will carry immediate rights to future dividends and will rank pari passu with the Company's existing ordinary shares as from their issue date.The total amount of the final dividend payable in cash is €8 612 834.80.Furthermore  at its meeting on April  26 2023  the Board of Directors decided to cancel 500 000 Treasury shares.At the end of these transactions  Chargeurs' capital on May 25  2023 will amount to €3 977 970.24 made up of 24 862 314 ordinary shares with a nominal par value of €0.16  fully paid up and of the same category.Timeline for final dividend payment:• Delivery of shares and payment of cash final dividend May 25  2023Financial Communications // +33 (0)1 47 04 13 40 // comfin@chargeurs.com 1www.chargeurs.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Dividend Reinvestment Results', 'CHARGEURS', '337,184 new ordinary Chargeurs shares', 'twenty trading days', 'nearest euro cent', 'nominal par value', ""Chargeurs' press release"", 'existing ordinary shares', 'Annual General Meeting', 'immediate dividend rights', 'new Chargeurs shares', 'cash final dividend', 'final dividend payment', '24,862,314 ordinary shares', '337,184 new shares', 'immediate rights', ""Chargeurs' shares"", 'interim dividend', 'voting rights', '500,000 Treasury shares', ""Chargeurs' capital"", 'issue price', 'opening prices', 'exercise period', 'gross total', 'Euronext Paris', 'future dividends', 'same category', 'Financial Communications', ""Chargeurs' shareholders"", 'share dividend', 'total amount', 'reinvestment option', 'issue date', 'May', 'April', 'October', 'The', '2023 AGM', 'resolution', 'details', 'terms', 'conditions', '10% discount', 'Board', 'Directors', 'average', 'close', 'Company', 'transactions', 'Timeline', 'Delivery', '2022']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25322,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GEOJUNXION-N-V-6350/news/GeoJunxion-GOJXN-AS-announces-the-closing-of-two-location-intelligence-data-and-service-agreements-43929048/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,GeoJunxion (GOJXN.AS) announces the closing of two location intelligence data and service agreements for a value exceeding EUR 200K,(marketscreener.com) Capelle aan den IJssel  the Netherlands  24 May 2023 – GeoJunxion is pleased to announce the closing of two new contracts with a global tech Company  for a total value exceeding EUR 200 thousand. The first agreement is a Location Intellig…,"Capelle aan den IJssel  the Netherlands  24 May 2023 – GeoJunxion (GOJXN.AS) is pleased to announce the closing of two new contracts with a global tech Company  for a total value exceeding EUR 200 thousand.The first agreement is a Location Intelligence Service in which GeoJunxion will collect  digitize and standardize geolocated data on a limited number of countries. This can pave the way for future expansions of the geographic footprint  under the same project scope.The second contract is a recurring Data License Agreement  under which GeoJunxion will provide quarterly updates on data previously delivered. This is a perfect example of our Business Model and Company Strategy: GeoJunxion activities are indeed directed towards establishing long-term relationships with its customers  through the creation of a recurring business model rather than one-off opportunities. Although the relationship may start with a proof-of-concept or a one-off project  most of our high value datasets require frequent and continuous updates to maintain or increase their value. As a result  the one-off project or proof-of-concept is often just the first step  followed by a recurring service or a license contract -converting the initial  single activity into a recurring  predictable and sustainable business model.Francesco Altamura  GeoJunxion CBO and Managing Director stated: ""We are almost at the end of this successful financial year 2022/23  which is going to be closed at the end of June. These two contracts are the icing on the cake of this fantastic year  confirming the trust our clients have in GeoJunxion. I'd also like to emphasize the dedication  passion and customer focus that our people demonstrate in their daily activities. It's thanks to their work that our company is reaching and exceeding its yearly business and financial targets"".--END--About GeoJunxionGeoJunxion is the crossroads where fundamental  location-aware content connects with superior  customized intelligence and highly focused innovations to empower exceptional experiences. With an emphasis on safety and sustainability  we are constantly expanding our portfolio to meet the demands of a diverse and fast-evolving market. Building on decades of experience in mapping  the company focuses on high value  dynamic content and building environmentally conscious applications  which enrich safety in everyday life. With location-aware content at our core  we know where our strengths lie and have the know-how and technology needed to offer unrivalled  intelligent products and services.GeoJunxion NV is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam  under the symbol GOJXN.ASGeoJunxion Press ContactTel: +31 (0)10 885 1200Email: info@geojunxion.comThis is a public announcement by GeoJunxion N.V.  pursuant to article 17  paragraph 1 of the European Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014). This public announcement does not constitute an offer  or solicitation of an offer  to buy or offer securities in GeoJunxion N.V.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.93,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['two location intelligence data', 'GOJXN.AS', 'service agreements', 'GeoJunxion', 'closing', 'value', 'EUR', 'Capelle aan den IJssel', 'European Market Abuse Regulation', 'high value, dynamic content', 'recurring Data License Agreement', 'high value datasets', 'initial, single activity', 'superior, customized intelligence', 'environmentally conscious applications', 'unrivalled, intelligent products', 'Location Intelligence Service', 'fundamental, location-aware content', 'sustainable business model', 'two new contracts', 'successful financial year', 'recurring business model', 'global tech Company', 'GeoJunxion Press Contact', 'GeoJunxion N.V.', 'same project scope', 'recurring service', 'first agreement', 'license contract', 'two contracts', 'recurring, predictable', 'fast-evolving market', 'regulated market', 'total value', 'fantastic year', 'yearly business', 'financial targets', 'geolocated data', 'GOJXN.AS', 'limited number', 'future expansions', 'geographic footprint', 'second contract', 'quarterly updates', 'perfect example', 'long-term relationships', 'continuous updates', 'first step', 'Francesco Altamura', 'Managing Director', 'customer focus', 'daily activities', 'focused innovations', 'exceptional experiences', 'everyday life', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'public announcement', 'Company Strategy', 'GeoJunxion activities', 'GeoJunxion CBO', 'GeoJunxion NV', 'one-off opportunities', 'Netherlands', 'closing', 'countries', 'way', 'customers', 'creation', 'proof', 'concept', 'frequent', 'result', 'end', 'June', 'icing', 'cake', 'trust', 'clients', 'dedication', 'passion', 'people', 'work', 'crossroads', 'emphasis', 'safety', 'sustainability', 'portfolio', 'demands', 'diverse', 'decades', 'mapping', 'core', 'strengths', 'know-how', 'technology', 'services', 'symbol', 'Email', 'article', 'paragraph', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', '31']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25323,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIXIUM-VISION-16603793/news/Annual-Meeting-of-Shareholders-June-13-2023-Availability-of-preparatory-documents-43938399/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,Annual Meeting of Shareholders June 13  2023 / Availability of preparatory documents,(marketscreener.com) Annual Meeting of Shareholders June 13  2023 Availability of preparatory documents Paris  France  May 24  2023 – 19:00 CET– Pixium Vision SA   a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who …,Annual Meeting of Shareholders June 13  2023Availability of preparatory documentsParis  France  May 24  2023 – 19:00 CET– Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  informs its shareholders that its Annual Meeting of the Company will be held on June 13  2023  at 2.00 pm CET at the headquarter of Pixium Vision  74 rue du faubourg Saint Antoine in Paris (75012).The prior notice of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders containing the agenda  the draft resolutions presented by the Board of Directors for agreement by the shareholders was published in the BALO n°55 (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires) on May 8  2023 and the convening notice that was published in the BALO n°62 on May 24  2023 as well as in the Affiches Parisiennes (legal newspapers).As of today the information regarding the Combined General Meeting mentioned in article R. 225-83 of the French commercial Code can be found on the Company’s website www.pixium-vision.com  under «Investors»  « Shareholder’s General Meeting”.The documents and information mentioned in articles R.225-81 and R.225-83 of the French commercial Code can be sent to shareholders upon request to the Company.Shareholders will also be able to consult the documents at the Company’s registered office located in Paris (75012)  74  rue du Faubourg Saint Antoine  during 15 days prior to the Combined General Meeting.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.Forward-Looking Statements. This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risques”) section of the Company’s 2022 Financial Report and other documents the Company files with the AMF  which is available on the AMF website (www.amf- france.org) or on the Company’s website.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsInvestor RelationsPixium VisionOffer Nonhoffinvestors@pixium-vision.com Media RelationsRose Piquante ConsultingSophie Baumontsophie.baumont@rosepiquante-consulting.com+33 6 27 74 74 49Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['Annual Meeting', 'preparatory documents', 'Shareholders', 'Availability', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'rue du Faubourg Saint Antoine', 'Institut de la Vision', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'innovative bionic vision systems', '74 rue du faubourg', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'Facteurs de Risques', 'French commercial Code', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'Pixium Vision Offer', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Rose Piquante Consulting', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'forward looking statements', 'dry AMD', 'research partners', 'University hospital', 'Annual Meeting', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'independent lives', 'prior notice', 'draft resolutions', 'convening notice', 'Affiches Parisiennes', 'legal newspapers', 'article R.', 'registered office', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'press release', 'reasonable assumptions', 'actual results', 'financial condition', 'Risk Factors', '2022 Financial Report', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'preparatory documents', 'BALO n°', 'numerous risks', 'other documents', 'france.org', 'Sophie Baumont', 'bioelectronics company', 'AMF website', 'Shareholders', 'Availability', '19:00 CET', 'patients', 'sight', 'June', 'headquarter', 'agenda', 'Board', 'Directors', 'agreement', 'May', 'today', 'information', 'pixium-vision', 'Investors', 'articles', 'request', 'world', 'academic', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'Entreprise', 'Bpifrance', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'discussion', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'PixiumVision', 'Contacts', 'Nonhoff', 'rosepiquante', 'Attachment', '2.00', '15']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25324,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-wins-NorthFace-ScoreBoard-Service-Award-for-superior-customer-service-43936530/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,Wolters Kluwer wins NorthFace ScoreBoard Service Award for superior customer service,(marketscreener.com) Ovid  Lippincott  and Audio Digest product support teams recognized for a Net Promoter Score of 83  12th consecutive year of success in awards programhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-wi…,Ovid  Lippincott  and Audio Digest product support teams recognized for a Net Promoter Score of 83  12th consecutive year of success in awards programWolters Kluwer Health today announced that the global customer support teams for Ovid®  Lippincott®  and Audio Digest® received the NorthFace ScoreBoard Service Award (NFSB) for the 12th consecutive year from Customer Relationship Management Institute LLC (CRMI). The team once again achieved Summit status – which requires seven consecutive years of rankings – in recognition for its ongoing exceptional customer-centric mindset.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230524005035/en/Wolters Kluwer's Ovid  Lippincott  and Audio Digest product support teams recognized for 12th consecutive year of success in awards program (Photo: Business Wire)“As an organization  we are committed to sustaining a customer support staff dedicated to the highest possible care to our clients. We are thrilled to be honored as a NorthFace ScoreBoard Award winner for the twelfth consecutive year ” said Stacey Caywood  CEO  Wolters Kluwer Health and CEO of Health Learning  Research & Practice. “That the results of the NFSB audit come directly from our customer base is incredibly important to us  as we are truly impacting their key business outcomes.”Now in its 23rd year  the NFSB Service Award is presented annually to companies who achieved excellence in customer service during the previous calendar year. These awards are widely recognized as the most prestigious honor for customer service excellence due to its unique customer-only vote criteria. In 2022  more than 5 000 companies were invited to participated in the NFSB Service Audit quiz and/or the NFSB Service Audit Program.As a twelve-time winner  Wolters Kluwer’s Health Learning  Research & Practice customer service teams once again shows the company’s commitment to building profitable  long-term customer loyalty by continuously exceeding customer expectations. The Ovid  Lippincott  and Audio Digest product line support teams achieved an overall customer support satisfaction ScoreBoard Index (SBI) rating (scale of 1-5) of 4.8 and a Net Promoter Score of 83 – both of which are world-class scores according to CRMI.The NorthFace ScoreBoard Service Award program was created in 2000 to recognize organizations who not only offer exemplary service to their customers  but who also center their existence on a deep commitment on the principles of respect  employee empowerment and trust in others. To qualify for the NFSB Awards a company must measure their customers’ satisfaction with their overall customer service / support on a calendar year basis and achieve a 4.0 or above out of a possible 5.0 rating.“As with the majority of NFSB winners  Wolters Kluwer is a repeat recipient of this award  which confirms that investing in a CX strategy is a reliable  proven way to achieve business success. Given that the industry average for NPS is below 40%  Wolters Kluwer is in elite company for all things customer service ” said John Maraganis  CEO and President of CRMI.Wolters Kluwer Health provides trusted clinical technology and evidence-based solutions that engage clinicians  patients  researchers and students in effective decision-making and outcomes across healthcare. The division of Wolters Kluwer supports clinical effectiveness  learning and research  clinical surveillance and compliance  as well as data solutions.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.For more information about our solutions  visit https://www.wolterskluwer.com/en/health and follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter @WKHealthView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230524005035/en/,neutral,0.34,0.66,0.0,positive,0.8,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['NorthFace ScoreBoard Service Award', 'superior customer service', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'Audio Digest product line support teams', 'overall customer support satisfaction ScoreBoard Index', 'The NorthFace ScoreBoard Service Award program', 'Audio Digest product support teams', 'Customer Relationship Management Institute LLC', 'overall customer service / support', 'NorthFace ScoreBoard Award winner', 'global customer support teams', 'ongoing exceptional customer-centric mindset', 'unique customer-only vote criteria', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'profitable, long-term customer loyalty', 'Practice customer service teams', 'NFSB Service Audit quiz', 'NFSB Service Audit Program', 'customer support staff', 'NFSB Service Award', 'customer service excellence', 'Net Promoter Score', 'Audio Digest®', 'seven consecutive years', 'reliable, proven way', '83, 12th consecutive year', 'twelfth consecutive year', 'previous calendar year', 'calendar year basis', 'highest possible care', 'deep domain knowledge', 'key business outcomes', 'trusted clinical technology', 'Wolters Kluwer Health', 'NFSB audit', 'exemplary service', 'customer base', 'customer expectations', 'awards program', 'The Ovid', 'customers’ satisfaction', 'twelve-time winner', 'global leader', '23rd year', 'NFSB winners', 'possible 5.0 rating', 'Business Wire', 'clinical effectiveness', 'clinical surveillance', 'NFSB Awards', 'Health Learning', 'Summit status', 'press release', 'full release', 'Stacey Caywood', 'prestigious honor', 'SBI) rating', 'world-class scores', 'deep commitment', 'employee empowerment', 'repeat recipient', 'CX strategy', 'industry average', 'John Maraganis', 'effective decision-making', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', '2022 annual revenues', 'source version', 'evidence-based solutions', 'data solutions', 'software solutions', 'expert solutions', 'business success', 'professional information', 'elite company', 'Ovid®', 'Lippincott', 'CRMI', 'rankings', 'recognition', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'Photo', 'organization', 'clients', 'CEO', 'Research', 'results', 'companies', 'scale', 'existence', 'principles', 'respect', 'others', 'majority', 'NPS', 'things', 'President', 'clinicians', 'patients', 'students', 'healthcare', 'division', 'compliance', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'services', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'risk', 'legal', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'wolterskluwer', 'WKHealth', 'View']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25325,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/24/2674907/0/en/GeoJunxion-GOJXN-AS-announces-the-closing-of-two-location-intelligence-data-and-service-agreements-for-a-value-exceeding-EUR-200K.html,GeoJunxion (GOJXN.AS) announces the closing of two location intelligence data and service agreements for a value exceeding EUR 200K,Capelle aan den IJssel  the Netherlands  24 May 2023 – GeoJunxion (GOJXN.AS) is pleased to announce the closing of two new contracts with a global tech Company  for a total value exceeding EUR 200 thousand.,"English DutchCapelle aan den IJssel  the Netherlands  24 May 2023 – GeoJunxion (GOJXN.AS) is pleased to announce the closing of two new contracts with a global tech Company  for a total value exceeding EUR 200 thousand.The first agreement is a Location Intelligence Service in which GeoJunxion will collect  digitize and standardize geolocated data on a limited number of countries. This can pave the way for future expansions of the geographic footprint  under the same project scope.The second contract is a recurring Data License Agreement  under which GeoJunxion will provide quarterly updates on data previously delivered. This is a perfect example of our Business Model and Company Strategy: GeoJunxion activities are indeed directed towards establishing long-term relationships with its customers  through the creation of a recurring business model rather than one-off opportunities. Although the relationship may start with a proof-of-concept or a one-off project  most of our high value datasets require frequent and continuous updates to maintain or increase their value. As a result  the one-off project or proof-of-concept is often just the first step  followed by a recurring service or a license contract -converting the initial  single activity into a recurring  predictable and sustainable business model.Francesco Altamura  GeoJunxion CBO and Managing Director stated: ""We are almost at the end of this successful financial year 2022/23  which is going to be closed at the end of June. These two contracts are the icing on the cake of this fantastic year  confirming the trust our clients have in GeoJunxion. I'd also like to emphasize the dedication  passion and customer focus that our people demonstrate in their daily activities. It's thanks to their work that our company is reaching and exceeding its yearly business and financial targets"".--END--About GeoJunxionGeoJunxion is the crossroads where fundamental  location-aware content connects with superior  customized intelligence and highly focused innovations to empower exceptional experiences. With an emphasis on safety and sustainability  we are constantly expanding our portfolio to meet the demands of a diverse and fast-evolving market. Building on decades of experience in mapping  the company focuses on high value  dynamic content and building environmentally conscious applications  which enrich safety in everyday life. With location-aware content at our core  we know where our strengths lie and have the know-how and technology needed to offer unrivalled  intelligent products and services.GeoJunxion NV is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam  under the symbol GOJXN.ASGeoJunxion Press ContactTel: +31 (0)10 885 1200Email: info@geojunxion.comThis is a public announcement by GeoJunxion N.V.  pursuant to article 17  paragraph 1 of the European Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014). This public announcement does not constitute an offer  or solicitation of an offer  to buy or offer securities in GeoJunxion N.V.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.75,0.11,0.13,True,English,"['two location intelligence data', 'GOJXN.AS', 'service agreements', 'GeoJunxion', 'closing', 'value', 'EUR', 'Capelle aan den IJssel', 'European Market Abuse Regulation', 'high value, dynamic content', 'recurring Data License Agreement', 'high value datasets', 'initial, single activity', 'superior, customized intelligence', 'environmentally conscious applications', 'unrivalled, intelligent products', 'Location Intelligence Service', 'fundamental, location-aware content', 'sustainable business model', 'two new contracts', 'same project scope', 'successful financial year', 'recurring business model', 'global tech Company', 'GeoJunxion Press Contact', 'GeoJunxion N.V.', 'recurring service', 'first agreement', 'license contract', 'two contracts', 'recurring, predictable', 'fast-evolving market', 'regulated market', 'total value', 'fantastic year', 'yearly business', 'financial targets', 'geolocated data', 'English Dutch', 'GOJXN.AS', 'limited number', 'future expansions', 'geographic footprint', 'second contract', 'quarterly updates', 'perfect example', 'long-term relationships', 'continuous updates', 'first step', 'Francesco Altamura', 'Managing Director', 'customer focus', 'daily activities', 'focused innovations', 'exceptional experiences', 'everyday life', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'public announcement', 'Company Strategy', 'GeoJunxion activities', 'GeoJunxion CBO', 'GeoJunxion NV', 'one-off opportunities', 'one-off project', 'Netherlands', 'closing', 'countries', 'way', 'customers', 'creation', 'proof', 'concept', 'frequent', 'result', 'end', 'June', 'icing', 'cake', 'trust', 'clients', 'dedication', 'passion', 'people', 'work', 'crossroads', 'emphasis', 'safety', 'sustainability', 'portfolio', 'demands', 'diverse', 'decades', 'mapping', 'core', 'strengths', 'know-how', 'technology', 'services', 'symbol', 'Email', 'article', 'paragraph', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', '31']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,globenewswire.com
25326,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/24/2675578/0/en/Annual-Meeting-of-Shareholders-June-13-2023-Availability-of-preparatory-documents.html,Annual Meeting of Shareholders June 13  2023 / Availability of preparatory documents,Annual Meeting of Shareholders June 13  2023   Availability of preparatory documents   Paris  France  May 24  2023 – 19:00 CET– Pixium Vision SA...,English FrenchAnnual Meeting of Shareholders June 13  2023Availability of preparatory documentsParis  France  May 24  2023 – 19:00 CET– Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  informs its shareholders that its Annual Meeting of the Company will be held on June 13  2023  at 2.00 pm CET at the headquarter of Pixium Vision  74 rue du faubourg Saint Antoine in Paris (75012).The prior notice of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders containing the agenda  the draft resolutions presented by the Board of Directors for agreement by the shareholders was published in the BALO n°55 (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires) on May 8  2023 and the convening notice that was published in the BALO n°62 on May 24  2023 as well as in the Affiches Parisiennes (legal newspapers).As of today the information regarding the Combined General Meeting mentioned in article R. 225-83 of the French commercial Code can be found on the Company’s website www.pixium-vision.com  under «Investors»  « Shareholder’s General Meeting”.The documents and information mentioned in articles R.225-81 and R.225-83 of the French commercial Code can be sent to shareholders upon request to the Company.Shareholders will also be able to consult the documents at the Company’s registered office located in Paris (75012)  74  rue du Faubourg Saint Antoine  during 15 days prior to the Combined General Meeting.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.Forward-Looking Statements. This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risques”) section of the Company’s 2022 Financial Report and other documents the Company files with the AMF  which is available on the AMF website (www.amf- france.org) or on the Company’s website.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsInvestor RelationsPixium VisionOffer Nonhoffinvestors@pixium-vision.com Media RelationsRose Piquante ConsultingSophie Baumontsophie.baumont@rosepiquante-consulting.com+33 6 27 74 74 49Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,0.99,True,English,"['Annual Meeting', 'preparatory documents', 'Shareholders', 'Availability', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', '74 rue du faubourg Saint Antoine', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'Institut de la Vision', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'English French Annual Meeting', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'Facteurs de Risques', 'French commercial Code', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'Pixium Vision Offer', 'Rose Piquante Consulting', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'forward looking statements', 'dry AMD', 'research partners', 'University hospital', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'independent lives', 'prior notice', 'draft resolutions', 'convening notice', 'Affiches Parisiennes', 'legal newspapers', 'article R.', 'registered office', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'press release', 'reasonable assumptions', 'actual results', 'financial condition', 'Risk Factors', '2022 Financial Report', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'preparatory documents', 'BALO n°', 'numerous risks', 'other documents', 'france.org', 'Sophie Baumont', 'bioelectronics company', 'AMF website', 'Shareholders', 'Availability', '19:00 CET', 'patients', 'sight', 'June', 'headquarter', 'agenda', 'Board', 'Directors', 'agreement', 'May', 'today', 'information', 'pixium-vision', 'Investors', 'articles', 'request', '15 days', 'world', 'academic', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'Entreprise', 'Bpifrance', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'discussion', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'PixiumVision', 'Contacts', 'Nonhoff', 'rosepiquante', 'Attachment', '2.00']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,globenewswire.com
25327,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/24/2674892/0/en/VGP-Joint-Venture-Announces-a-253-Million-Logistics-Portfolio-Purchase.html,VGP Joint Venture Announces a € 253 Million Logistics Portfolio Purchase,PRESS RELEASE Regulated Information      Antwerp  Belgium 24 May 2023 (7.00 a.m. CET)   VGP NV ('VGP') and PIMCO Prime Real Estate  acting on behalf...,English DutchPRESS RELEASERegulated InformationAntwerp  Belgium 24 May 2023 (7.00 a.m. CET)VGP NV ('VGP') and PIMCO Prime Real Estate  acting on behalf of several Allianz Group companies  today announced the signing for the fourth closing between VGP and their 50:50 joint venture  VGP European Logistics 2 (The ‘Second Joint Venture’ also called ‘Aurora’). The transaction comprises 11 logistic buildings  including 5 buildings in 4 new VGP parks and another 6 newly completed logistic buildings which were developed in parks which were already transferred to the joint venture in a prior closing.The 11 buildings are located in Spain (7)  the Netherlands (3) and Italy (1).The transaction with VGP European Logistics 2 will be the 4th closing between VGP and this joint venture and amounts to a value of €253 million with gross proceeds of €197 million.Jan Van Geet  CEO of VGP  said: “The Aurora IV closing  which is the largest announced portfolio transaction in the broader European Logistics real estate investment market in 2023 thus far  is an excellent addition to our joint venture portfolio in which we jointly work towards building a sustainable  top-quality properties portfolio that creates long-term value for tenants  communities  and the joint venture partners.”Jan Van Geet added: “From a VGP perspective  the transaction will result in a significant cash recycling which strengthens our cash balance for deployment towards new investments and upcoming bond repayments. The transaction  which is due to close in the first half of June  will have a positive contribution to our financial results over the first half of 2023.”Following the completion of this fourth closing of the Second Joint Venture  the Second Joint Venture’s property portfolio will consist of 43 completed buildings representing around 925 000 m² of lettable area  with a 99.7% occupancy rate.The increase in the Joint Ventures’ portfolio should have a further positive impact on the fee income generated by the asset-  property-  and development management services rendered by VGP to the Joint Ventures.CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS AND MEDIA ENQUIRIESInvestor Relations Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1433investor.relations@vgpparks.eu Karen Huybrechts(Head of Marketing) Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1432Forward-looking statements: This press release may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of management regarding future events  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. VGP is providing the information in this press release as of this date and does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release considering new information  future events or otherwise. The information in this announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to buy securities in VGP or an invitation or inducement to engage in any other investment activities. VGP disclaims any liability for statements made or published by third parties and does not undertake any obligation to correct inaccurate data  information  conclusions or opinions published by third parties in relation to this or any other press release issued by VGP.ABOUT VGPVGP is a pan-European owner  manager and developer of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate. VGP operates a fully integrated business model with capabilities and longstanding expertise across the value chain. Founded in 1998 as a Belgian family-owned real estate developer in the Czech Republic  VGP with a staff of circa 383 FTE’s today is active in 17 European countries directly and through several 50:50 joint ventures. As of December 2022  the Gross Asset Value of VGP  including the joint ventures at 100%  amounted to € 6.44 billion and the company had a Net Asset Value (EPRA NTA) of € 2.30 billion. VGP is listed on Euronext Brussels (ISIN: BE0003878957). For more information please visit:http://www.vgpparks.eu/enAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.28,0.43,True,English,"['€ 253 Million Logistics Portfolio Purchase', 'VGP Joint Venture', 'broader European Logistics real estate investment market', 'Belgian family-owned real estate developer', 'PIMCO Prime Real Estate', 'several Allianz Group companies', 'sustainable, top-quality properties portfolio', 'The Aurora IV closing', 'semi-industrial real estate', 'other investment activities', 'Jan Van Geet', 'upcoming bond repayments', 'integrated business model', 'VGP European Logistics', 'several 50:50 joint ventures', 'significant cash recycling', 'Second Joint Venture', 'joint venture partners', 'Net Asset Value', 'joint venture portfolio', 'development management services', 'Joint Ventures’ portfolio', 'Gross Asset Value', 'other press release', 'high-quality logistics', '17 European countries', '4 new VGP parks', 'property portfolio', 'other factors', 'gross proceeds', 'cash balance', 'fourth closing', 'prior closing', '4th closing', 'new investments', 'long-term value', 'value chain', 'English Dutch', 'portfolio transaction', 'excellent addition', 'first half', 'positive contribution', 'financial results', 'lettable area', '99.7% occupancy rate', 'positive impact', 'fee income', 'CONTACT DETAILS', 'MEDIA ENQUIRIES', 'Investor Relations', 'Karen Huybrechts', 'current views', 'future events', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'future results', 'third parties', 'inaccurate data', 'pan-European owner', 'longstanding expertise', 'Czech Republic', 'EPRA NTA', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'new information', '11 logistic buildings', '43 completed buildings', 'VGP NV', 'VGP perspective', 'Regulated Information', '5 buildings', '11 buildings', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'May', 'behalf', 'signing', '6 newly', 'Spain', 'Netherlands', 'Italy', 'CEO', 'largest', 'tenants', 'communities', 'deployment', 'June', 'completion', '925,000 m²', 'increase', 'INVESTORS', 'Head', 'Marketing', 'Tel', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'date', 'obligation', 'announcement', 'offer', 'invitation', 'securities', 'inducement', 'liability', 'conclusions', 'opinions', 'manager', 'capabilities', 'staff', '383 FTE', 'December', 'company', 'vgpparks', 'Attachment', '32']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,globenewswire.com
25328,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AMG-CRITICAL-MATERIALS-N-55482/news/AMG-Lithium-and-Fortum-Battery-Recycling-Oy-Sign-MoU-for-Supply-of-Recycled-Lithium-Hydroxide-43932212/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,AMG Lithium and Fortum Battery Recycling Oy Sign MoU for Supply of Recycled Lithium Hydroxide,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  24 May 2023 --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. announces its wholly owned subsidiary  AMG Lithium GmbH   has signed a non-binding memorandum of understanding with Fortum Battery Recycling Oy   a Nordic clean energy provider. Fortu…,"Amsterdam  24 May 2023 --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. (""AMG""  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ""AMG"") announces its wholly owned subsidiary  AMG Lithium GmbH (“AMG Lithium”)  has signed a non-binding memorandum of understanding (“MOU”) with Fortum Battery Recycling Oy (OMX: FORTUM)  a Nordic clean energy provider.Fortum’s all new commercial scale hydrometallurgical plant in Harjavalta is able to efficiently recover valuable metals from old electric vehicle lithium-ion batteries while also recycling various waste fractions derived throughout the battery supply chain. According to the signed MoU  the lithium product recovered by Fortum Battery Recycling will be delivered to AMG Lithium for further processing.“We are very excited to be cooperating with AMG Lithium on this important project. We were looking for a partner who shared our vision for the future and was as committed to sustainability and lowering their carbon footprint as we are – and we found that in AMG Lithium ” says Fortum’s Tero Holländer  Head of the Battery business line  Fortum Battery Recycling.“The agreement with AMG is also a great testament to the significance of our newly opened Harjavalta plant for the European battery recycling industry  highlighting the increased need for recycled battery materials and demand for new efficient and sustainable solutions. Through this cooperation  Fortum is the first company that can offer a true European closed loop solution for the automotive and battery industry ” Holländer continues.Together  AMG Lithium and Fortum Battery Recycling aim to improve the entire battery recycling chain  contribute to reducing its CO 2 footprint  and reduce the European battery value chain’s dependency on raw material imports.“This MOU represents another important step towards an independent and sustainable lithium supply chain for Europe ” said Dr. Stefan Scherer  CEO of AMG Lithium GmbH. “We are looking forward to working together with Fortum in order to de-carbonize and improve the battery recycling lithium supply chain in Europe.”About FortumFortum is a Nordic energy company. Our purpose is to power a world where people  businesses and nature thrive together. We are one of the cleanest energy producers in Europe and our actions are guided by our ambitious environmental targets. We generate and deliver clean energy reliably and help industries to decarbonise their processes and grow. Our core operations in the Nordics comprise of efficient  CO 2 -free power generation as well as reliable supply of electricity and district heat to private and business customers. For our ~5 000 employees  we commit to be a safe  and inspiring workplace. Fortum's share is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. fortum.comFortum Battery RecyclingFortum Battery Recycling is part of the Fortum portfolio. Fortum Battery Recycling is a specialist in recycling of valuable metals in EV batteries. It’s low-CO 2 battery recycling solution makes it possible to recycle over 80% of the battery with 95% of the valuable metals contained in the battery's black mass to be put back into circulation.About AMGAMG is a global critical materials company at the forefront of CO 2 reduction trends. AMG produces highly engineered specialty metals and mineral products and provides related vacuum furnace systems and services to the transportation  infrastructure  energy  and specialty metals & chemicals end markets.AMG Clean Energy Materials segment combines AMG’s recycling and mining operations  producing materials for infrastructure and energy storage solutions while reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG Clean Energy Materials segment spans the vanadium  lithium  and tantalum value chains. AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment combines AMG’s leading vacuum furnace technology line with high-purity materials serving global leaders in the aerospace sector. AMG Critical Minerals segment consists of AMG’s mineral processing operations in antimony  graphite  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 600 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  Sri Lanka  and Mozambique  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan (www.amg-nv.com).For further information  please contact:AMG Critical Materials N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking”. Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward looking statements will not be achieved. These forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward looking statement is based.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.1,0.24,True,English,"['Fortum Battery Recycling Oy Sign MoU', 'Recycled Lithium Hydroxide', 'AMG Lithium', 'Supply', 'true European closed loop solution', 'old electric vehicle lithium-ion batteries', 'leading vacuum furnace technology line', 'new commercial scale hydrometallurgical plant', 'efficient, CO 2 -free power generation', 'AMG Critical Materials N.V.', 'AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment', 'AMG Clean Energy Materials segment', 'related vacuum furnace systems', 'battery recycling lithium supply chain', 'AMG Critical Minerals segment', 'European battery value chain', 'Nordic clean energy provider', 'low-CO 2 battery recycling solution', 'entire battery recycling chain', 'European battery recycling industry', 'sustainable lithium supply chain', 'Fortum Battery Recycling Oy', 'critical materials company', 'battery supply chain', 'tantalum value chains', 'Nordic energy company', 'Battery business line', 'cleanest energy producers', 'various waste fractions', 'raw material imports', 'Dr. Stefan Scherer', 'chemicals end markets', 'customer service offices', 'energy storage solutions', 'Tero Holländer', 'ambitious environmental targets', 'CO 2 reduction trends', 'Forward looking statements', 'AMG Lithium GmbH', 'new efficient', 'mineral processing operations', 'battery materials', 'battery industry', 'high-purity materials', 'sustainable solutions', 'reliable supply', 'EV batteries', 'Harjavalta plant', 'CO 2 footprint', 'first company', 'mineral products', 'business strategy', 'core operations', 'mining operations', 'binding memorandum', 'valuable metals', 'important project', 'carbon footprint', 'great testament', 'increased need', 'important step', 'district heat', 'inspiring workplace', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Fortum portfolio', 'black mass', 'specialty metals', 'aerospace sector', 'silicon metal', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Sri Lanka', 'Michele Fischer', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'capital expenditures', 'financing needs', 'competitive strengths', 'financial position', 'future operations', 'legal environment', 'business customers', 'future events', 'future revenues', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'global leaders', 'production facilities', 'other information', 'subsidiary', 'understanding', 'MOU', 'OMX', 'partner', 'vision', 'sustainability', 'Head', 'agreement', 'significance', 'demand', 'cooperation', 'automotive', 'dependency', 'independent', 'CEO', 'order', 'purpose', 'world', 'people', 'businesses', 'nature', 'industries', 'processes', 'Nordics', 'electricity', 'private', '~5 000 employees', 'share', 'specialist', 'circulation', 'forefront', 'services', 'transportation', 'infrastructure', 'suppliers', 'vanadium', 'antimony', 'graphite', '3,600 employees', 'Germany', 'France', 'China', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'India', 'Mozambique', 'sales', 'Japan', 'mfischer', 'Disclaimer', 'plans', 'expectations', 'projections', 'objectives', 'goals', 'strategies', 'performance', 'intentions', 'acquisitions', 'weaknesses', 'reserves', 'development', 'political', '24']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25329,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CLEARPOINT-NEURO-INC-30444363/news/ClearPoint-Neuro-and-UCB-Enter-License-Agreement-for-Gene-Therapy-Drug-Delivery-43936618/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,ClearPoint Neuro and UCB Enter License Agreement for Gene Therapy Drug Delivery,(marketscreener.com) SOLANA BEACH  Calif.  May 24  2023 -- ClearPoint Neuro  Inc. a global therapy-enabling platform company providing navigation and delivery to the brain  today announced that it has entered into a multi-year license agreement with UCB   a g…,SOLANA BEACH  Calif.  May 24  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ClearPoint Neuro  Inc. (NASDAQ: CLPT) a global therapy-enabling platform company providing navigation and delivery to the brain  today announced that it has entered into a multi-year license agreement with UCB (EURONEXT BRUSSELS: UCB)  a global biopharmaceutical leader  to partner on drug delivery platforms for UCB’s gene therapy portfolio.“We are extremely excited to partner with UCB  a global biopharmaceutical leader  with a focus on innovating through the adoption of next generation science and new technologies ” stated Jeremy Stigall  Executive Vice President and General Manager of Biologics and Drug Delivery at ClearPoint Neuro. “Over the past year  we have invested heavily in expanding our Biologics and Drug Delivery team  as well as our product and services portfolio to attract partners of UCB’s caliber. UCB sought comprehensive tools to empower a seamless transition from benchtop testing to commercial success  and that’s precisely what our team can deliver today.”Under the terms of the license agreement  UCB will utilize ClearPoint Neuro’s proprietary technology and services in connection with the development and commercialization of UCB’s gene therapy products. ClearPoint Neuro will receive success-based milestone payments. Further financial details of the agreement were not disclosed.Dhaval Patel  Executive Vice President and UCB’s Chief Scientific Officer  said  “We look forward to the ClearPoint Neuro collaboration as we work on advancing UCB’s research and development pipeline in gene therapy. We believe that ClearPoint Neuro are a strong strategic fit for UCB as they are a company dedicated to innovation in the neurology space with a unique portfolio of navigation and drug delivery tools.”About ClearPoint NeuroClearPoint Neuro’s mission is to improve and restore quality of life to patients and their families by enabling therapies for the most complex neurological disorders with pinpoint accuracy. Applications of the Company’s current product portfolio include deep brain stimulation  laser ablation  biopsy  and delivery of drugs  biologics  and gene therapy to the brain. The ClearPoint® Neuro Navigation System has FDA clearance  is CE-marked  and is installed in over 65 active sites in North America  Europe  and South America. ClearPoint Neuro is partnered with more than 50 pharmaceutical/biotech companies  academic centers  and contract research organizations providing solutions for direct CNS delivery of therapeutics in pre-clinical studies and clinical trials worldwide. To date  more than 6 000 procedures have been performed and supported by the Company’s field-based clinical specialist team  which offers support and services to our customers and partners worldwide. For more information  please visit www.clearpointneuro.com.Forward-Looking StatementsStatements in this press release and in the teleconference referenced above concerning the Company’s plans  growth and strategies may include forward-looking statements within the context of the federal securities laws. Statements regarding the Company's future events  developments and future performance  the size of total addressable markets or the market opportunity for the Company’s products and services  as well as management's expectations  beliefs  plans  estimates or projections relating to the future  are forward-looking statements within the meaning of these laws. Uncertainties and risks may cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by forward-looking statements. Particular uncertainties and risks include those relating to: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  global instability  supply chain disruptions  labor shortages  and macroeconomic and inflationary conditions; future revenue from sales of the Company’s ClearPoint Neuro Navigation System and other new products offered by the Company; the Company’s ability to market  commercialize and achieve broader market acceptance for the Company’s ClearPoint Neuro Navigation System and other new products offered by the Company; the ability of our biologics and drug delivery partners to achieve commercial success  including their use of our products and services in their delivery of therapies; and risks inherent in the research and development of new products. More detailed information on these and additional factors that could affect the Company’s actual results are described in the “Risk Factors” section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2022  which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission  and the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31  2023  which the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15  2023.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.11,0.56,True,English,"['Gene Therapy Drug Delivery', 'ClearPoint Neuro', 'License Agreement', 'UCB', 'The ClearPoint® Neuro Navigation System', 'field-based clinical specialist team', 'ClearPoint Neuro Navigation System', 'global therapy-enabling platform company', 'global biopharmaceutical leader', 'next generation science', 'Executive Vice President', 'success-based milestone payments', 'Further financial details', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'strong strategic fit', 'complex neurological disorders', 'total addressable markets', 'supply chain disruptions', 'broader market acceptance', 'Risk Factors” section', 'ClearPoint Neuro collaboration', 'direct CNS delivery', 'drug delivery platforms', 'Drug Delivery team', 'deep brain stimulation', 'contract research organizations', 'other new products', 'drug delivery tools', 'multi-year license agreement', 'gene therapy portfolio', 'current product portfolio', 'gene therapy products', 'drug delivery partners', 'federal securities laws', 'clinical trials', 'global instability', 'new technologies', 'comprehensive tools', 'unique portfolio', 'market opportunity', 'additional factors', 'SOLANA BEACH', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'EURONEXT BRUSSELS', 'Jeremy Stigall', 'General Manager', 'seamless transition', 'benchtop testing', 'commercial success', 'proprietary technology', 'Dhaval Patel', 'neurology space', 'pinpoint accuracy', 'laser ablation', 'FDA clearance', '65 active sites', 'North America', 'South America', '50 pharmaceutical/biotech companies', 'academic centers', 'pre-clinical studies', 'press release', 'actual results', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'labor shortages', 'inflationary conditions', 'Annual Report', 'Form 10-K', 'Exchange Commission', 'Quarterly Report', 'Form 10-Q', 'three months', 'future events', 'future performance', 'future revenue', 'services portfolio', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'past year', 'Particular uncertainties', 'detailed information', 'development pipeline', 'Calif.', 'NASDAQ', 'CLPT', 'UCB', 'focus', 'adoption', 'Biologics', 'caliber', 'terms', 'connection', 'commercialization', 'innovation', 'quality', 'life', 'patients', 'families', 'Applications', 'biopsy', 'drugs', 'Europe', 'solutions', 'therapeutics', 'date', '6,000 procedures', 'support', 'customers', 'teleconference', 'plans', 'growth', 'strategies', 'context', 'developments', 'size', 'management', 'expectations', 'beliefs', 'estimates', 'projections', 'meaning', 'risks', 'impact', 'macroeconomic', 'sales', 'use', 'More', 'December', 'March', 'May']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25330,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VGP-NV-418007/news/VGP-Joint-Venture-Announces-a-253-Million-Logistics-Portfolio-Purchase-43928826/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,VGP Joint Venture Announces a  253 Million Logistics Portfolio Purchase,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Regulated Information Antwerp  Belgium 24 May 2023 VGP NV and PIMCO Prime Real Estate  acting on behalf of several Allianz Group companies  today announced the signing for the fourth closing between VGP and their 50:50 joint…,PRESS RELEASERegulated InformationAntwerp  Belgium 24 May 2023 (7.00 a.m. CET)VGP NV ('VGP') and PIMCO Prime Real Estate  acting on behalf of several Allianz Group companies  today announced the signing for the fourth closing between VGP and their 50:50 joint venture  VGP European Logistics 2 (The ‘Second Joint Venture’ also called ‘Aurora’). The transaction comprises 11 logistic buildings  including 5 buildings in 4 new VGP parks and another 6 newly completed logistic buildings which were developed in parks which were already transferred to the joint venture in a prior closing.The 11 buildings are located in Spain (7)  the Netherlands (3) and Italy (1).The transaction with VGP European Logistics 2 will be the 4th closing between VGP and this joint venture and amounts to a value of €253 million with gross proceeds of €197 million.Jan Van Geet  CEO of VGP  said: “The Aurora IV closing  which is the largest announced portfolio transaction in the broader European Logistics real estate investment market in 2023 thus far  is an excellent addition to our joint venture portfolio in which we jointly work towards building a sustainable  top-quality properties portfolio that creates long-term value for tenants  communities  and the joint venture partners.”Jan Van Geet added: “From a VGP perspective  the transaction will result in a significant cash recycling which strengthens our cash balance for deployment towards new investments and upcoming bond repayments. The transaction  which is due to close in the first half of June  will have a positive contribution to our financial results over the first half of 2023.”Following the completion of this fourth closing of the Second Joint Venture  the Second Joint Venture’s property portfolio will consist of 43 completed buildings representing around 925 000 m² of lettable area  with a 99.7% occupancy rate.The increase in the Joint Ventures’ portfolio should have a further positive impact on the fee income generated by the asset-  property-  and development management services rendered by VGP to the Joint Ventures.CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS AND MEDIA ENQUIRIESInvestor Relations Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1433investor.relations@vgpparks.eu Karen Huybrechts(Head of Marketing) Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1432Forward-looking statements: This press release may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of management regarding future events  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. VGP is providing the information in this press release as of this date and does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release considering new information  future events or otherwise. The information in this announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to buy securities in VGP or an invitation or inducement to engage in any other investment activities. VGP disclaims any liability for statements made or published by third parties and does not undertake any obligation to correct inaccurate data  information  conclusions or opinions published by third parties in relation to this or any other press release issued by VGP.ABOUT VGPVGP is a pan-European owner  manager and developer of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate. VGP operates a fully integrated business model with capabilities and longstanding expertise across the value chain. Founded in 1998 as a Belgian family-owned real estate developer in the Czech Republic  VGP with a staff of circa 383 FTE’s today is active in 17 European countries directly and through several 50:50 joint ventures. As of December 2022  the Gross Asset Value of VGP  including the joint ventures at 100%  amounted to € 6.44 billion and the company had a Net Asset Value (EPRA NTA) of € 2.30 billion. VGP is listed on Euronext Brussels (ISIN: BE0003878957). For more information please visit:http://www.vgpparks.eu/enAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.14,0.56,True,English,"['253 Million Logistics Portfolio Purchase', 'VGP Joint Venture', 'broader European Logistics real estate investment market', 'Belgian family-owned real estate developer', 'PIMCO Prime Real Estate', 'several Allianz Group companies', 'sustainable, top-quality properties portfolio', 'The Aurora IV closing', 'semi-industrial real estate', 'other investment activities', 'Jan Van Geet', 'upcoming bond repayments', 'integrated business model', 'VGP European Logistics', 'several 50:50 joint ventures', 'significant cash recycling', 'Second Joint Venture', 'joint venture partners', 'Net Asset Value', 'joint venture portfolio', 'development management services', 'Joint Ventures’ portfolio', 'Gross Asset Value', 'other press release', 'high-quality logistics', '17 European countries', '4 new VGP parks', 'property portfolio', 'other factors', 'gross proceeds', 'cash balance', 'fourth closing', 'prior closing', '4th closing', 'new investments', 'long-term value', 'value chain', 'portfolio transaction', 'excellent addition', 'first half', 'positive contribution', 'financial results', 'lettable area', '99.7% occupancy rate', 'positive impact', 'fee income', 'CONTACT DETAILS', 'MEDIA ENQUIRIES', 'Investor Relations', 'Karen Huybrechts', 'current views', 'future events', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'future results', 'third parties', 'inaccurate data', 'pan-European owner', 'longstanding expertise', 'Czech Republic', 'EPRA NTA', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'new information', '11 logistic buildings', '43 completed buildings', 'VGP NV', 'VGP perspective', 'Regulated Information', '5 buildings', '11 buildings', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'May', 'CET', 'behalf', 'signing', 'Spain', 'Netherlands', 'Italy', 'CEO', 'largest', 'tenants', 'communities', 'deployment', 'June', 'completion', '925,000 m²', 'increase', 'INVESTORS', 'Head', 'Marketing', 'Tel', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'date', 'obligation', 'announcement', 'offer', 'invitation', 'securities', 'inducement', 'liability', 'conclusions', 'opinions', 'manager', 'capabilities', 'staff', '383 FTE', 'today', 'December', 'company', 'vgpparks', 'Attachment', '6', '32']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25331,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-43928933/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 23 May 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8459 £ 23.7483 Estimated MTD return -0.87 % -0.76 % Estimated YTD return -3.33 % -2.78 % Estimated ITD return 168.46 % 137.48 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.31 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.99 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.5246 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.8004The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25332,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALD-35837978/news/ALD-Description-of-the-share-buyback-programme-43938027/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,ALD: Description of the share buyback programme,(marketscreener.com) Authorised by the combined General Meeting dated 24 May 2023 This description is drawn up in accordance with the provisions of Articles 241-1 and 241-2 I of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority . 1.   Date of t…,Authorised by the combined General Meeting dated 24 May 2023This description is drawn up in accordance with the provisions of Articles 241-1 and 241-2 I of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers).1. Date of the General Meeting called to authorise the share buyback programmeThe authorisation for the Company to buy its own shares was approved at the combined General Shareholders' Meeting dated 24 May 2023.2. Breakdown by objective of the securities heldAs at 23 May 2023  ALD held 798 506 of its own shares  representing 0.1% of its share capital. The allocation of the shares is as follows:Cancellation: 0Allocation to employees and executive officers: 671 754Exercise of rights attached to securities: 0Liquidity agreement: 126 752External growth: 0Implement market practices: 03. Purposes of the share buyback programmeALD has received authorisations to purchase its own shares  to:a. cancel them  pursuant to the 18th resolution of the General Shareholders' Meeting held on 24 May 2023 b. allocate  cover and honour any free shares or employee savings plans and any type of allocation for the benefit of employees or corporate officers of the Company or affiliated companies under the terms and conditions stipulated or permitted by French or foreign law  particularly in the context of participation in the results of the expansion of the Company  the granting of free shares  any employee shareholding plans as well as completing any related transactions to cover the aforementioned employee shareholding plans c. provide shares upon the exercise of rights attached to securities giving access to the share capital of the Company d. market making activities under a liquidity contract  signed with an investment services provider  in compliance with the market practices permitted by the AMF (“l’Autorité des Marchés Financiers”) e. retain and later tender as part of the Group's external growth transactions f. implement any market practice that may become recognised by law or by the AMF.4. Maximum amount allocated to the share buyback programme  maximum number and characteristics of the securities  maximum purchase priceThe resolution approved at the General Meeting provides that ALD can purchase its ordinary shares for an amount of up to 5% of the share capital at the date of making these purchases  it being specified that the maximum number of shares held after these purchases may not at any time exceed 10% of share capital.As at 23 May 2023  without taking into account the shares already held  a theoretical maximum number of 40 848 021 shares could be purchased. Given the number of securities already held at this date and the possibility to hold an amount of shares representing up to 10% of the share capital  the Company could purchase up to 40 049 515 shares.The maximum purchase price was set at EUR 28.60 per share. The authorisation limits the amount of funds allocated to the programme to EUR 1 200 million.5. Duration of share buyback programmeThe combined General Meeting dated 24 May 2023 set the duration of the authorisation for the Company to buy and sell its own shares at 18 months from the date of the General Meeting.6. Fulfilment of prudential requirementsThe Board of Directors will ensure that the execution of these buybacks will be carried out in accordance with prudential requirements as defined by the regulation and the European Central Bank.AboutALD Automotive | LeasePlanALD Automotive | LeasePlan is a leading global sustainable mobility player providing full-service leasing  flexible subscription services  fleet management services and multi-mobility solutions to a client base of large corporates  SMEs  professionals and private individuals. With the broadest coverage in 44 countries through direct presence  ALD Automotive | LeasePlan is leveraging its unique position to lead the way to net zero and further shape the digital transformation of the industry through innovation and technology-enabled services to enable the transformation towards large scale adoption of sustainable mobility.With 15 700 employees worldwide  ALD Automotive | LeasePlan manages 3.3 million vehicles (at end-March 2023).ALD  whose majority shareholder is Societe Generale  is the listed company on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR0013258662; Ticker: ALD).Find out more at www.aldautomotive.comPress contactStephanie JonvilleHead of Communications  ALDTel.: +33 (0)6 46 14 81 90stephanie.jonville@aldautomotive.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'ALD', 'Description', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'leading global sustainable mobility player', 'French Financial Markets Authority', ""combined General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'employee savings plans', 'employee shareholding plans', 'European Central Bank', 'investment services provider', 'flexible subscription services', 'fleet management services', 'combined General Meeting', 'maximum purchase price', 'large scale adoption', 'share buyback programme', 'Implement market practices', 'external growth transactions', 'theoretical maximum number', 'technology-enabled services', 'related transactions', 'large corporates', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'executive officers', 'Liquidity agreement', 'corporate officers', 'affiliated companies', 'liquidity contract', 'prudential requirements', 'multi-mobility solutions', 'client base', 'private individuals', 'broadest coverage', 'direct presence', 'unique position', '3.3 million vehicles', 'majority shareholder', 'Societe Generale', 'Compartment A', 'Euronext Paris', 'Press contact', 'Maximum amount', '18th resolution', 'foreign law', 'digital transformation', 'ALD Automotive', 'free shares', 'ordinary shares', 'Stephanie Jonville', '40,848,021 shares', '40,049,515 shares', 'description', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'Date', 'authorisation', 'Company', 'Breakdown', 'objective', 'securities', '23 May', 'allocation', 'Cancellation', 'employees', 'Exercise', 'rights', 'Purposes', '24 May', 'type', 'benefit', 'terms', 'conditions', 'context', 'participation', 'results', 'expansion', 'granting', 'access', 'activities', 'compliance', 'AMF', 'Group', 'characteristics', 'purchases', 'time', 'account', 'possibility', 'funds', 'Duration', '18 months', 'Fulfilment', 'Board', 'Directors', 'execution', 'buybacks', 'LeasePlan', 'SMEs', 'professionals', '44 countries', 'way', 'industry', 'innovation', 'end-March', 'Ticker', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Tel.', 'Attachment', '6']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25333,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALD-35837978/news/Changes-to-the-ALD-Board-of-Directors-43938028/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,Changes to the ALD Board of Directors,(marketscreener.com) Changes to the ALD Board of Directors ALD confirms changes to its Board of Directors following resolutions approved at its Shareholder Meeting held on 24 May 2023: Appointment of Pierre Palmieri as Member of the Board  replacing Didier Ha…,Changes to the ALD Board of DirectorsALD confirms changes to its Board of Directors following resolutions approved at its Shareholder Meeting held on 24 May 2023:Appointment of Pierre Palmieri as Member of the Board  replacing Didier Hauguel who announced his intention to resign from his mandate as from this Assembly dateas Member of the Board  replacing Didier Hauguel who announced his intention to resign from his mandate as from this Assembly date Renewal of the mandates of Patricia Lacoste  Diony Lebot  Tim Albertsen and Frédéric OudéaAt the Board meeting held following the Shareholder Meeting:Pierre Palmieri was elected as Chair of the Board  replacing Diony Lebot  following recent changes to Societe Generale group’s governance.was elected as Chair of the Board  replacing Diony Lebot  following recent changes to Societe Generale group’s governance. Didier Hauguel was assigned a 2-year mandate as Non-Voting Member of the Board (in line with dispositions of Art 14 of the by-laws)  with the specific mission to supervise the progress of the integration of LeasePlan  the transition of the Company to regulated status  and the overall effectiveness of the Company’s new governance.was assigned a 2-year mandate as Non-Voting Member of the Board (in line with dispositions of Art 14 of the by-laws)  with the specific mission to supervise the progress of the integration of LeasePlan  the transition of the Company to regulated status  and the overall effectiveness of the Company’s new governance. New Internal regulations for the Board of Directors have been adopted  including a new organization with 5 specialized committees (Audit  Risk  Remuneration  Appointment  Strategy). The Chairs of these committees have been specified below.Further to these changes  along with those announced on 22 May 2023 with the completion of the LeasePlan acquisition  the composition of the Board of Directors of ALD is as follows:Pierre Palmieri   Chair of the Board & Chair of the Strategic Committee (COSTRAT)  Chair of the Board & Chair of the Strategic Committee (COSTRAT) Tim Albertsen   Member of the Board and Chief Executive Officer  Member of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Diony Lebot   Member of the Board  Member of the Board Delphine Garcin-Meunier   Member of the Board  Member of the Board Frédéric Oudéa   Member of the Board  Member of the Board Benoit Grisoni   Member of the Board  Member of the Board Xavier Durand   Independent member of the Board  Chair of the Risk Committee (CORISK)  Independent member of the Board  Chair of the Risk Committee (CORISK) Patricia Lacoste   Independent member of the Board  Chair of the Remuneration Committee (COREM)  Independent member of the Board  Chair of the Remuneration Committee (COREM) Anik Chaumartin   Independent member of the Board  Chair of the Audit Committee (CACI)  Independent member of the Board  Chair of the Audit Committee (CACI) Christophe Perillat   Independent member of the Board  Chair of the Appointments Committee (CONOM)  Independent member of the Board  Chair of the Appointments Committee (CONOM) Hacina Py   Member of the Board  Member of the Board Mark Stephens  Member of the BoardPierre Palmieri  Deputy CEO of Societe Generale and Chair of ALD’s Board of Directors  commented: “On behalf of the members of the Board  I would like to warmly thank Diony Lebot for her contribution and support to the development of ALD  as Member and Chair of the Board of Directors. I am delighted that she has agreed to stay on as Member to further contribute to ALD’s strategic development following the successful completion of the acquisition of LeasePlan. I am honoured and proud to join ALD’s Board of directors and I look forward to working with the Board and ALD’s newly appointed executive committee to support the integration of LeasePlan and start a new chapter in ALD’s development  where the combined entity will be ideally positioned to lead the transformation of the mobility industry.”BiographyPierre Palmieri is Deputy Chief Executive Officer  member of the Group General Management team and of the Group Executive Committee  having been appointed 24 May 2023.Pierre Palmieri began his career at Societe Generale Corporate and Investment Banking in 1987 within the Export Finance department where he became  in 1989  Head of the finance engineering team. He joined the Agence Internationale’s team in 1994  where he created the Commodity Finance global business line. He was appointed Global Head of Structured Commodity Finance in 2001. In 2006  he created and co-headed the Natural Resources and Energy Financing global business line. He was appointed Deputy Head of Global Finance in 2008  became Head of Global Finance in 2012 before widening his scope of responsibilities to the whole Global Banking and Advisory activities in 2019.Pierre Palmieri is a graduate of the Ecole Supérieure de Commerce in Tours.AboutALD Automotive | LeasePlanALD Automotive | LeasePlan is a leading global sustainable mobility player providing full-service leasing  subscription  fleet management services and multi-mobility solutions  as well as electric vehicle digital charging services  to a client base of large corporates  SMEs  professionals and private individuals. With the broadest coverage in 44 countries through direct presence  ALD Automotive | LeasePlan places sustainable mobility at the heart of its strategy  delivering innovative mobility and digital solutions to its clients  helping them focus on their everyday business.With 15 700 employees worldwide  ALD Automotive | LeasePlan manages 3.3 million vehicles (at end-December 2022).ALD  whose majority shareholder is Societe Generale  is the listed company on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR0013258662; Ticker: ALD).Find out more at www.aldautomotive.comPress contactALD Automotive | LeasePlanStephanie JonvilleChief Communications OfficerTel.: +33 (0)6 46 14 81 90stephanie.jonville@aldautomotive.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,positive,0.92,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['ALD Board', 'Changes', 'Directors', 'Frédéric Oudéa', 'Ecole Supérieure de Commerce', 'leading global sustainable mobility player', 'Energy Financing global business line', 'Commodity Finance global business line', 'Group General Management team', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'Structured Commodity Finance', 'Export Finance department', 'Societe Generale group', 'finance engineering team', 'Societe Generale Corporate', 'Group Executive Committee', 'New Internal regulations', 'Global Finance', 'mobility industry', 'Global Banking', 'Global Head', 'Deputy CEO', 'new organization', 'new chapter', 'Deputy Head', 'Strategic Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'Appointments Committee', 'Shareholder Meeting', 'Pierre Palmieri', 'Didier Hauguel', 'Assembly date', 'Patricia Lacoste', 'Diony Lebot', 'Tim Albertsen', 'specific mission', 'regulated status', 'overall effectiveness', 'Delphine Garcin-Meunier', 'Benoit Grisoni', 'Xavier Durand', 'Anik Chaumartin', 'Christophe Perillat', 'Hacina Py', 'Mark Stephens', 'combined entity', 'Investment Banking', 'Natural Resources', 'Advisory activities', 'full-service leasing', 'Risk Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', 'new governance', '2-year mandate', '5 specialized committees', 'successful completion', 'recent changes', 'Non-Voting Member', 'Independent member', 'strategic development', 'ALD Automotive', 'Board meeting', 'LeasePlan acquisition', 'ALD Board', 'Directors', 'resolutions', '24 May', 'intention', 'Renewal', 'mandates', 'Chair', 'dispositions', 'by', 'laws', 'progress', 'integration', 'transition', 'Company', 'Strategy', '22 May', 'composition', 'COSTRAT', 'CORISK', 'COREM', 'CACI', 'CONOM', 'behalf', 'members', 'contribution', 'support', 'transformation', 'Biography', 'career', 'Internationale', 'scope', 'graduate', 'Tours']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25334,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-43928932/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 23 May 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.8459 £ 23.7483 Estimated MTD return -0.87 % -0.76 % Estimated YTD return -3.33 % -2.78 % Estimated ITD return 168.46 % 137.48 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.31 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.99 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.5246 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.8004The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25335,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ONWARD-MEDICAL-N-V-128192407/news/Brain-Computer-Interface-BCI-Enables-Thought-Controlled-Walking-after-Spinal-Cord-Injury-43937850/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,Brain Computer Interface (BCI) Enables Thought-Controlled Walking after Spinal Cord Injury,(marketscreener.com) Pioneering study in Nature demonstrates that adding a BCI to ONWARD® ARC Therapy™ can enable thought-controlled standing  walking  and stair climbingEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  May 24  2023 -- ONWARD Medical N.V.   the medical technology …,Pioneering study in Nature demonstrates that adding a BCI to ONWARD® ARC Therapy™ can enable thought-controlled standing  walking  and stair climbingEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  May 24  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI)  today announces a publication in Nature showing that a wireless brain-computer interface (BCI) can use thought to modulate ARC Therapy. Researchers reported that when paired with ARC Therapy  an implanted BCI allowed an individual to gain augmented control over when and how he moved his paralyzed legs.“This publication shows the remarkable potential of ARC Therapy to be enhanced with the introduction of a BCI  facilitating more natural movement based on the thoughts of a person living with paralysis ” said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD. “We have positioned ONWARD as a leader in the BCI field with our unique understanding of spinal cord stimulation for people with SCI.”“The BCI establishes a continuous link between movement intentions and spinal cord stimulation  allowing for more natural restoration of mobility ” said neuroscientist Grégoire Courtine  professor at EPFL  and co-author of the Nature paper. “I look forward to working with the ONWARD team to advance this important new technology.”The data published today are part of an ongoing clinical feasibility study investigating the safety and preliminary effectiveness of brain-controlled spinal cord stimulation after SCI. The study is being coordinated by .NeuroRestore co-Directors – Grégoire Courtine and Jocelyne Bloch  a neurosurgeon at Lausanne University Hospital ( CHUV ) – as well as Guillaume Charvet  Head of the Medical Device Development Lab at CEA-Leti / Clinatec.All ONWARD devices and therapies  including but not limited to ARC-IM  ARC-EX  and ARC Therapy  are investigational and not available for commercial use.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD is a medical technology company creating therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and movement disabilities. Building on more than a decade of science and preclinical research conducted at leading neuroscience laboratories  the Company has received nine Breakthrough Device Designations from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for its ARC Therapy™ platform.ONWARD® ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by external ARC-EX™ or implantable ARC-IM™ systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation. Positive results were presented in 2023 from the Company’s pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability for transcutaneous ARC Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The Company is now preparing regulatory approval submissions for ARC-EX for the US and Europe. In parallel  the Company is conducting studies with its implantable ARC-IM platform  which demonstrated positive interim clinical outcomes for improved blood pressure regulation following SCI in 2022. These studies include combination use of ARC-IM with a brain-computer interface (BCI).Headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands  ONWARD has a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland and a U.S. office in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company also has an academic partnership with .NeuroRestore  a collaboration between EPFL  the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne  and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV).For more information  visit ONWD.com   and connect with us on LinkedIn and YouTube .For Media Enquiries:Aditi Roy  VP Communicationsmedia@onwd.comFor Investor Enquiries:Lara Smith Weber  CFOinvestors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company’s or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release. All ONWARD devices and therapies referenced here  including but not limited to ARC-IM  ARC-EX  and ARC Therapy  are investigational and not available for commercial use.,neutral,0.0,0.8,0.19,mixed,0.4,0.15,0.45,True,English,"['Brain Computer Interface', 'Spinal Cord Injury', 'Thought-Controlled Walking', 'BCI', 'innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies', 'targeted, programmed spinal cord stimulation', 'nine Breakthrough Device Designations', 'brain-controlled spinal cord stimulation', 'positive interim clinical outcomes', 'neuroscientist Grégoire Courtine', 'ongoing clinical feasibility study', 'Medical Device Development Lab', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'spinal cord injury', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'U.S. Food', 'upper extremity strength', 'regulatory approval submissions', 'blood pressure regulation', 'U.S. office', 'Swiss Federal Institute', 'Lara Smith Weber', 'important new technology', 'wireless brain-computer interface', 'Lausanne University Hospital', 'ARC Therapy™ platform', 'implantable ARC-IM™ systems', 'transcutaneous ARC Therapy', 'implantable ARC-IM platform', 'medical technology company', 'ONWARD® ARC Therapy™', 'Positive results', 'Pioneering study', 'pivotal study', 'thought-controlled standing', 'stair climbing', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'paralyzed legs', 'remarkable potential', 'Dave Marver', 'unique understanding', 'continuous link', 'natural restoration', 'ONWARD team', 'preliminary effectiveness', 'Jocelyne Bloch', 'Guillaume Charvet', 'ONWARD devices', 'commercial use', 'a decade', 'preclinical research', 'Drug Administration', 'combination use', 'Engineering Center', 'academic partnership', 'Media Enquiries', 'Aditi Roy', 'VP Communications', 'Investor Enquiries', 'press release', 'financial effects', 'forward-looking statements', 'actual results', 'natural movement', 'movement intentions', 'movement disabilities', 'current expectations', 'several risks', 'past trends', 'actual events', 'The Company', 'external ARC-EX™', 'Nature paper', 'BCI field', 'future events', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'function', 'independence', 'people', 'publication', 'Researchers', 'individual', 'introduction', 'thoughts', 'person', 'paralysis', 'CEO', 'leader', 'mobility', 'professor', 'EPFL', 'author', 'data', 'safety', 'SCI.', 'NeuroRestore', 'Directors', 'neurosurgeon', 'CHUV', 'Head', 'CEA-Leti', 'Clinatec', 'ability', 'Europe', 'parallel', 'studies', 'Switzerland', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'collaboration', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'CFO', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'update', 'revisions', 'conditions', 'circumstances']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25336,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/24/2675496/0/en/Brain-Computer-Interface-BCI-Enables-Thought-Controlled-Walking-after-Spinal-Cord-Injury.html,Brain Computer Interface (BCI) Enables Thought-Controlled Walking after Spinal Cord Injury,Pioneering study in Nature demonstrates that adding a BCI to ONWARD® ARC Therapy™ can enable thought-controlled standing  walking  and stair climbing Pioneering study in Nature demonstrates that adding a BCI to ONWARD® ARC Therapy™ can enable thought-controll…,English German Dutch FrenchEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  May 24  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI)  today announces a publication in Nature showing that a wireless brain-computer interface (BCI) can use thought to modulate ARC Therapy. Researchers reported that when paired with ARC Therapy  an implanted BCI allowed an individual to gain augmented control over when and how he moved his paralyzed legs.“This publication shows the remarkable potential of ARC Therapy to be enhanced with the introduction of a BCI  facilitating more natural movement based on the thoughts of a person living with paralysis ” said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD. “We have positioned ONWARD as a leader in the BCI field with our unique understanding of spinal cord stimulation for people with SCI.”“The BCI establishes a continuous link between movement intentions and spinal cord stimulation  allowing for more natural restoration of mobility ” said neuroscientist Grégoire Courtine  professor at EPFL  and co-author of the Nature paper. “I look forward to working with the ONWARD team to advance this important new technology.”The data published today are part of an ongoing clinical feasibility study investigating the safety and preliminary effectiveness of brain-controlled spinal cord stimulation after SCI. The study is being coordinated by .NeuroRestore co-Directors – Grégoire Courtine and Jocelyne Bloch  a neurosurgeon at Lausanne University Hospital ( CHUV ) – as well as Guillaume Charvet  Head of the Medical Device Development Lab at CEA-Leti / Clinatec.All ONWARD devices and therapies  including but not limited to ARC-IM  ARC-EX  and ARC Therapy  are investigational and not available for commercial use.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD is a medical technology company creating therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and movement disabilities. Building on more than a decade of science and preclinical research conducted at leading neuroscience laboratories  the Company has received nine Breakthrough Device Designations from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for its ARC Therapy™ platform.ONWARD® ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by external ARC-EX™ or implantable ARC-IM™ systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation. Positive results were presented in 2023 from the Company’s pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability for transcutaneous ARC Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The Company is now preparing regulatory approval submissions for ARC-EX for the US and Europe. In parallel  the Company is conducting studies with its implantable ARC-IM platform  which demonstrated positive interim clinical outcomes for improved blood pressure regulation following SCI in 2022. These studies include combination use of ARC-IM with a brain-computer interface (BCI).Headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands  ONWARD has a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland and a U.S. office in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company also has an academic partnership with .NeuroRestore  a collaboration between EPFL  the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne  and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV).For more information  visit ONWD.com   and connect with us on LinkedIn and YouTube .For Media Enquiries:Aditi Roy  VP Communicationsmedia@onwd.comFor Investor Enquiries:Lara Smith Weber  CFOinvestors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company’s or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release. All ONWARD devices and therapies referenced here  including but not limited to ARC-IM  ARC-EX  and ARC Therapy  are investigational and not available for commercial use.,neutral,0.0,0.8,0.19,mixed,0.39,0.16,0.45,True,English,"['Brain Computer Interface', 'Spinal Cord Injury', 'Thought-Controlled Walking', 'BCI', 'innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies', 'targeted, programmed spinal cord stimulation', 'English German Dutch French', 'nine Breakthrough Device Designations', 'brain-controlled spinal cord stimulation', 'positive interim clinical outcomes', 'neuroscientist Grégoire Courtine', 'ongoing clinical feasibility study', 'Medical Device Development Lab', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'spinal cord injury', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'U.S. Food', 'upper extremity strength', 'regulatory approval submissions', 'blood pressure regulation', 'U.S. office', 'Swiss Federal Institute', 'Lara Smith Weber', 'important new technology', 'wireless brain-computer interface', 'Lausanne University Hospital', 'implantable ARC-IM™ systems', 'implantable ARC-IM platform', 'transcutaneous ARC Therapy', 'ARC Therapy™ platform', 'medical technology company', 'ONWARD® ARC Therapy', 'Positive results', 'pivotal study', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'paralyzed legs', 'remarkable potential', 'Dave Marver', 'unique understanding', 'continuous link', 'natural restoration', 'preliminary effectiveness', 'Jocelyne Bloch', 'Guillaume Charvet', 'commercial use', 'a decade', 'preclinical research', 'Drug Administration', 'combination use', 'Engineering Center', 'academic partnership', 'Media Enquiries', 'Aditi Roy', 'VP Communications', 'Investor Enquiries', 'press release', 'financial effects', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'ONWARD team', 'ONWARD devices', 'forward-looking statements', 'actual results', 'natural movement', 'movement intentions', 'movement disabilities', 'current expectations', 'several risks', 'past trends', 'actual events', 'Nature paper', 'external ARC-EX™', 'The Company', 'BCI field', 'future events', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'function', 'independence', 'people', 'publication', 'thought', 'Researchers', 'individual', 'introduction', 'person', 'paralysis', 'CEO', 'leader', 'mobility', 'professor', 'EPFL', 'author', 'data', 'safety', 'SCI.', 'NeuroRestore', 'Directors', 'neurosurgeon', 'CHUV', 'Head', 'CEA-Leti', 'Clinatec', 'ability', 'Europe', 'parallel', 'studies', 'Switzerland', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'collaboration', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'CFO', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'update', 'revisions', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'advisers', 'representatives']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,globenewswire.com
25337,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GN-STORE-NORD-A-S-1412917/news/GN-Store-Nord-A-S-announces-plan-to-strengthen-its-capital-structure-to-execute-growth-opportunities-43937907/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,GN Store Nord A/S announces plan to strengthen its capital structure to execute growth opportunities including a directed issue and private placing of a total of approximately 17 million shares,(marketscreener.com) EQS-Ad-hoc: GN Store Nord A/S / Key word: Capital IncreaseGN Store Nord A/S announces plan to strengthen its capital structure to execute growth opportunities including a directed issue and private placing of a total of approximately…,"EQS-Ad-hoc: GN Store Nord A/S / Key word(s): Capital IncreaseGN Store Nord A/S announces plan to strengthen its capital structure to execute growth opportunities including a directed issue and private placing of a total of approximately 17 million shares24-May-2023 / 17:42 CET/CESTDisclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 MAR of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.NOT FOR PUBLICATION  DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL OR REQUIRE REGISTRATION OR ANY OTHER MEASURESTHIS ANNOUNCEMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFERING MEMORANDUM OR A PROSPECTUS AS DEFINED BY REGULATION (EU) NO. 2017/1129 OF 14 JUNE 2017.GN Store Nord A/S announces plan to strengthen its capital structure to execute growth opportunities including a directed issue and private placing of a total of approximately 17 million sharesThe new capital plan aims to strike the right balance between current market challenges and future significant growth opportunities  allowing GN to execute on both short- and long-term market share opportunities.As a key pillar of the plan  GN Store Nord A/S (""GN"") today launches an offering of shares at market price via a directed issue and private placing (the “Placing”). The Placing will be conducted through an accelerated book-building process and will consist of up to a New Shares”) and up to 3 600 000 existing treasury shares (nominally DKK 14 400 000) (the “Treasury Shares”) (together with the New Shares  the “Shares”).Background for the PlacingIn October 2021  GN announced the DKK 8 billion debt-financed acquisition of SteelSeries  a global pioneer in premium software-enabled gaming gear. In light of the significant changes in the macroeconomic environment and GN’s leverage  GN has developed a new capital plan to prepare for repayment of approximately DKK 7 billion debt that matures in 2024. The pillars are:Cash at hand and positive Free Cash Flow excl. M&A for 2023 and 2024 at Group levelDKK 1.0 – 2.0 billion via disposals of selected assetsDKK 2.1 billion new debt (EUR 280 million) via debt refinancing  replacing the existing EUR 520 million term loan expiring in 2025 with a new EUR 800 million term loan facility expiring in 2026 (term sheet signed; finalization of the loan subject to final agreement on customary long form documentation and completion of the Placing)An accelerated bookbuild offering of New and Treasury Shares up to 17 319 337 sharesMoreover  GN still has immediate access to an undrawn revolving credit facility of EUR 350 million maturing in 2027.GN is confident that these actions will put the company in the best position going forward to continue our innovation strategy built on 150 years of technology-driven enhancement of vital human senses with the underlying philosophy of bringing people closer.This entails further realization of the synergies that can be derived from a one-company mindset with hearing  audio  video and gaming technologies  competencies  and channels under one roof. The current synergies are centered around 4 main levers:Further leveraging and sharing deep and complex technology between GN’s diversified R&D organizations. The emerging OTC market is just one example  where GN is benefitting from both audio and hearing technologies to develop Jabra Enhance Plus  and as AI and other critical technologies continue to converge  GN’s broad range of R&D expertise and combined scale will gain increasing importance as a competitive advantageFurther strengthening our commercialization by consolidating go-to-market models and channel overlap – most recently  SteelSeries’ and Jabra’s Retail Sales & Marketing organizations were merged into one team under the leadership of SteelSeries’ CEO to leverage the combined scale and increase relevance and strategic importance with key retailers and distributorsFurther streamlining to drive efficiencies and cost reductions as a result of one shared supply chain organization – in April 2023  GN Hearing’s and GN Audio’s two Global Operations organizations were merged into one team under one leadership with the aim to further leverage both structural and operational synergies within sourcing  manufacturing  and distributionFurther utilizing know-how and company scale across GN's operating assets to drive synergies across back-office functions including shared IT  HR etc. Currently  a first phase of a new cloud-based ERP system has gone live as a common system to ultimately encompass all group companiesThe Board and Management are confident in GN’s strategy  our markets  and our ability to execute and continue to gain market share which we believe will create significant value for shareholders in the coming years.The PlacingThe Placing will be made pursuant to applicable exemptions from the obligation to publish a prospectus as a directed issue and private placement to eligible institutional and professional investors in Denmark and in certain other jurisdictions at market price and without pre-emption rights for GN's existing shareholders.The Placing will be initiated with immediate effect and can close at any time. The Shares will be sold at market price as determined by the Board of Directors of GN after the close of the Placing based on a book-building process. The result of the Placing  the offer price and allocation are expected to be announced as soon as practicable thereafter.GN  the Board of Directors and the Executive Management have agreed to a 180-day lock-up period following settlement of the Placing in relation to shares in GN. The lock-up undertakings are subject to certain customary exemptions. The Placing is not underwritten.Resolution on share capital increaseThe decision to launch the Placing in a directed issue has been made by the Board of Directors covering Treasury Shares currently held by GN and New Shares to be issued in accordance with Article 5.2 in GN’s Articles of Association pursuant to which the Board of Directors is authorized to make share capital increases without pre-emption rights for the existing shareholders.The actual number of New Shares issued and dilution from the Placing will be subject to the final offer price and will be announced in connection with the announcement of the results of the Placing.Admission to trading and official listingNew Shares and the Treasury Shares will be delivered in the temporary ISIN code DK0062495669. No application for admission to trading and official listing has been  or will be  filed for the New Shares and the Treasury Shares in the temporary ISIN code  and the temporary ISIN code will only be registered with Euronext Securities Copenhagen (VP Securities A/S) for subscription of the New Shares and for the Placing of the Treasury Shares. The temporary ISIN code in Euronext Securities Copenhagen (VP Securities A/S) will be merged with the permanent ISIN code for the existing shares  DK0010272632  as soon as possible following registration of the share capital increase for the New Shares with the Danish Business Authority. The New Shares are expected to be admitted to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S on or around 31 May 2023.Expected timetable for the PlacingThe Placing will be initiated immediately and can close at any time.Date Event 24 May 2023 Pricing and allocation - announcement of subscription price and result of the Placing 30 May 2023 Settlement and payment against delivery of the Shares 30 May 2023 Expected registration of the capital increase with the Danish Business Authority 31 May 2023 Admission to trading and official listing of the New Shares on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S 1 June 2023 Merger of the temporary ISIN of the New Shares and the Treasury Shares with the ISIN of the existing sharesThe closing of the Placing is subject to the Placing not being withdrawn prior to the registration of the capital increase and GN making an announcement to that effect.The New Shares and the Treasury SharesThe Placing comprises a total of up to 17 319 337 Shares of DKK 4.00 each comprising the New Shares and the Treasury Shares. The New Shares  if the Placing is fully subscribed  will represent 10.0% of GN’s current registered share capital of DKK 548 773 512  and will account for 9.1% of GN’s registered share capital upon completion of the capital increase relating to the New Shares.GN currently owns a total of 9.2 million treasury shares  corresponding to 6.7% of GN’s total issued and registered share capital. GN contemplates selling up to 3.6 million Treasury Shares in the Placing corresponding to 2.6% of GN’s total issued and registered share capital. The Treasury Shares offered for sale have been acquired under previous share buybacks.Following completion of the share capital increase for the New Shares and assuming the New Shares are fully subscribed  the registered share capital of GN will amount to DKK 603 650 860 divided into 150 912 715 shares of nominally DKK 4.00 each.The New Shares will rank pari passu in all respects with existing shares in GN. The New Shares will be negotiable instruments  and no restrictions will apply to their transferability. No shares  including the New Shares  carry or will carry any special rights. Rights conferred by the New Shares  including voting rights and dividend rights  will apply from the time when the capital increase is registered with the Danish Business Authority. The New Shares must be registered in the name of the holder in GN’s register of shareholders.If the Placing is oversubscribed and fully sold  an individual allocation of the Shares will be made. Allocation of New Shares will be made in advance of any allocation of Treasury Shares.The Treasury Shares have the same rights as GN’s other existing shares and will be sold without any pre-emption rights for existing shareholders and new owners of any Treasury Share will be recorded in GN’s register of shareholders.Joint Global CoordinatorsBNP PARIBAS  Danske Bank A/S  DNB Markets  a part of DNB Bank ASA  J.P. Morgan SE  Nordea Danmark  filial af Nordea Bank Abp  Finland  and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken  Danmark  filial af Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)  Sverige  act as Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners in connection with the Placing.For further information  please contact:Investors and analystsAnne Sofie Staunsbæk Veyhe +45 45 75 85 06Rune Sandager +45 45 75 92 57Press and the mediaSteen Frentz Laursen +45 20 65 34 20About GNGN facilitates communication between people through intelligent hearing  audio  video  and gaming technology. Inspired by people and driven by our passion for innovation  we leverage technologies to deliver unique user experiences that bring people closer through the power of sound and vision.GN was founded more than 150 years ago with a vision to connect the world. Today  we proudly honor that legacy with our world-leading expertise in the human ear  audio  video and speech  wireless technologies  software  miniaturization  and collaboration with leading technology partners. GN's solutions are marketed by the brands ReSound  SteelSeries  Jabra  Beltone  Interton  BlueParrott  Danavox and FalCom in 100 countries. Founded in 1869  the GN Group employs 8 000 people and is listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen (GN.CO).Visit our homepage GN.com - and connect with us on LinkedIn  Facebook and TwitterImportant noticeThis announcement does not constitute an offering memorandum or a prospectus as defined by Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 and nothing herein contains an offering of securities.This announcement is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities issued by GN Store Nord A/S in any jurisdiction where such offer or sale would be unlawful and the announcement and the information contained herein are not for distribution or release  directly or indirectly  in or into such jurisdictions.This announcement and the information contained herein are not for distribution in or into the United States of America (including its territories and possessions  any state of the United States of America and the District of Columbia) (the “United States”). This document does not constitute  or form part of  an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  any securities in the United States. Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold within the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There is no intention to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the securities in the United States.In any member state of the European Economic Area (“EEA Member State”)  other than Denmark  this announcement is only addressed to  and is only directed at  investors in that EEA Member State who fulfil the criteria for exemption from the obligation to publish a prospectus  including qualified investors  within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017.In the United Kingdom  this announcement is only being distributed to and is only directed at: (A) qualified investors  as such term is defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; and who are also (B)(i) persons outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) – (d) of the Order (the persons described in (A) and (B)(i) through (iii) above together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.No prospectus will be made available in connection with the matters contained in this announcement and no such prospectus is required to be published.This announcement does not identify or suggest  or purport to identify or suggest  the risks (direct or indirect) that may be associated with an investment in the GN’s securities. Any investment decision to purchase or offer to purchase GN’s securities in connection with the Placing must be made solely on the basis of publicly available information  which has not been independently verified by BNP PARIBAS  Danske Bank A/S  DNB Markets  a part of DNB Bank ASA  J.P. Morgan SE  Nordea Danmark  filial af Nordea Bank Abp  Finland  and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken  Danmark  filial af Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)  Sverige (the “Joint Global Coordinators”).The Joint Global Coordinators and their affiliates are acting exclusively for GN and no-one else in connection with the Placing. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the Placing and will not be responsible to anyone other than GN for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients  nor for providing advice in relation to the Placing  the contents of this announcement or any transaction  arrangement or other matter referred to herein.In connection with the Placing  the Joint Global Coordinators and any of their affiliates  acting as investors for their own accounts  may subscribe for or purchase shares in GN and in that capacity may retain  purchase  sell  offer to sell or otherwise deal for their own accounts in such shares and other securities of GN or related investments in connection with the Placing or otherwise. The Joint Global Coordinators do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so.Matters discussed in this announcement may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and that can be identified by words such as “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “intends”  “estimate”  “will”  “may”  “continue”  “should”  and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this announcement are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions. Although GN believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made  these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond its control. Such risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors could cause actual events to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in this release by such forward-looking statements. GN expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to the forward-looking statements set forth herein. Accordingly  GN urges readers not to place undue reliance on any of the forward-looking statements set forth herein. The information  opinions and forward-looking statements contained in this announcement speak only as at its date  and are subject to change without notice.The information in this announcement may not be forwarded or distributed to any other person and may not be reproduced in any manner whatsoever. Any forwarding  distribution  reproduction or disclosure of this information in whole or in part is unauthorised. Failure to comply with this directive may result in a violation of the Securities Act or the applicable laws of other jurisdictions.This announcement does not constitute an invitation to underwrite  subscribe for or otherwise acquire or dispose of any securities in any jurisdiction. This announcement does not constitute a recommendation concerning any investor’s option with respect to the Placing. Each investor or prospective investor should conduct his  her or its own investigation  analysis and evaluation of the business and data described in this announcement and publicly available information. The price and value of GN’s securities can go down as well as up. Past performance is not a guide to future performance.Neither the content of GN's website nor any website accessible by hyperlinks on GN's website is incorporated in  or forms part of  this announcement. The new capital plan aims to strike the right balance between current market challenges and future significant growth opportunities  allowing GN to execute on both short- and long-term market share opportunities.As a key pillar of the plan  GN Store Nord A/S (""today launches an offering of shares at market price via a directed issue and private placing (the “”). The Placing will be conducted through an accelerated book-building process and will consist of up to a total of 17 319 337 shares (nominally DKK 69 277 348) of DKK 4.00 each comprising up to 13 719 337 new shares (nominally DKK 54 877 348) (the “”) and up to 3 600 000existing treasury shares (nominally DKK 14 400 000) (the “”) (together with the New Shares  the “”).In October 2021  GN announced the DKK 8 billion debt-financed acquisition of SteelSeries  a global pioneer in premium software-enabled gaming gear. In light of the significant changes in the macroeconomic environment and GN’s leverage  GN has developed a new capital plan to prepare for repayment of approximately DKK 7 billion debt that matures in 2024. The pillars are:Moreover  GN still has immediate access to an undrawn revolving credit facility of EUR 350 million maturing in 2027.GN is confident that these actions will put the company in the best position going forward to continue our innovation strategy built on 150 years of technology-driven enhancement of vital human senses with the underlying philosophy of bringing people closer.This entails further realization of the synergies that can be derived from a one-company mindset with hearing  audio  video and gaming technologies  competencies  and channels under one roof. The current synergies are centered around 4 main levers:The Board and Management are confident in GN’s strategy  our markets  and our ability to execute and continue to gain market share which we believe will create significant value for shareholders in the coming years.The Placing will be made pursuant to applicable exemptions from the obligation to publish a prospectus as a directed issue and private placement to eligible institutional and professional investors in Denmark and in certain other jurisdictions at market price and without pre-emption rights for GN's existing shareholders.The Placing will be initiated with immediate effect and can close at any time. The Shares will be sold at market price as determined by the Board of Directors of GN after the close of the Placing based on a book-building process. The result of the Placing  the offer price and allocation are expected to be announced as soon as practicable thereafter.GN  the Board of Directors and the Executive Management have agreed to a 180-day lock-up period following settlement of the Placing in relation to shares in GN. The lock-up undertakings are subject to certain customary exemptions. The Placing is not underwritten.The decision to launch the Placing in a directed issue has been made by the Board of Directors covering Treasury Shares currently held by GN and New Shares to be issued in accordance with Article 5.2in GN’s Articles of Association pursuant to which the Board of Directors is authorized to make share capital increases without pre-emption rights for the existing shareholders.The actual number of New Shares issued and dilution from the Placing will be subject to the final offer price and will be announced in connection with the announcement of the results of the Placing. The New Shares and the Treasury Shares will be delivered in the temporary ISIN code DK0062495669. No application for admission to trading and official listing has been  or will be  filed for the New Shares and the Treasury Shares in the temporary ISIN code  and the temporary ISIN code will only be registered with Euronext Securities Copenhagen (VP Securities A/S) for subscription of the New Shares and for the Placing of the Treasury Shares. The temporary ISIN code in Euronext Securities Copenhagen (VP Securities A/S) will be merged with the permanent ISIN code for the existing shares  DK0010272632  as soon as possible following registration of the share capital increase for the New Shares with the Danish Business Authority. The New Shares are expected to be admitted to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S on or around 31 May 2023.The Placing will be initiated immediately and can close at any time.The closing of the Placing is subject to the Placing not being withdrawn prior to the registration of the capital increase and GN making an announcement to that effect.The Placing comprises a total of up to 17 319 337Shares of DKK 4.00 each comprising the New Shares and the Treasury Shares. The New Shares  if the Placing is fully subscribed  will represent 10.0% of GN’s current registered share capital of DKK 548 773 512  and will account for 9.1% of GN’s registered share capital upon completion of the capital increase relating to the New Shares. The Shares  if the Placing is fully subscribed and sold  will represent 12.6% of GN’s current registered share capital  and will account for 11.5% of GN’s registered share capital upon completion of the capital increase relating to the New Shares. GN currently owns a total of 9.2 milliontreasury shares  corresponding to 6.7%of GN’s total issued and registered share capital. GN contemplates selling up to 3.6 millionTreasury Shares in the Placing corresponding to 2.6% of GN’s total issued and registered share capital. The Treasury Shares offered for sale have been acquired under previous share buybacks.Following completion of the share capital increase for the New Shares and assuming the New Shares are fully subscribed  the registered share capital of GN will amount to DKK 603 650 860 divided into 150 912 715 shares of nominally DKK 4.00 each.The New Shares will rank pari passu in all respects with existing shares in GN. The New Shares will be negotiable instruments  and no restrictions will apply to their transferability. No shares  including the New Shares  carry or will carry any special rights. Rights conferred by the New Shares  including voting rights and dividend rights  will apply from the time when the capital increase is registered with the Danish Business Authority. The New Shares must be registered in the name of the holder in GN’s register of shareholders.If the Placing is oversubscribed and fully sold  an individual allocation of the Shares will be made. Allocation of New Shares will be made in advance of any allocation of Treasury Shares.BNP PARIBAS  Danske Bank A/S  DNB Markets  a part of DNB Bank ASA  J.P. Morgan SE  Nordea Danmark  filial af Nordea Bank Abp  Finland  and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken  Danmark  filial af Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)  Sverige  act as Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners in connection with the Placing.Anne Sofie Staunsbæk Veyhe +45 45 75 85 06Rune Sandager +45 45 75 92 57Steen Frentz Laursen +45 20 65 34 20GN facilitates communication between people through intelligent hearing  audio  video  and gaming technology. Inspired by people and driven by our passion for innovation  we leverage technologies to deliver unique user experiences that bring people closer through the power of sound and vision.GN was founded more than 150 years ago with a vision to connect the world. Today  we proudly honor that legacy with our world-leading expertise in the human ear  audio  video and speech  wireless technologies  software  miniaturization  and collaboration with leading technology partners. GN's solutions are marketed by the brands ReSound  SteelSeries  Jabra  Beltone  Interton  BlueParrott  Danavox and FalCom in 100 countries. Founded in 1869  the GN Group employs 8 000 people and is listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen (GN.CO).Visit our homepage GN.com - and connect with us on LinkedIn  Facebook and TwitterEnd of Inside Information24-May-2023 CET/CEST The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.25,0.19,True,English,"['GN Store Nord A/S', 'capital structure', 'growth opportunities', 'private placing', '17 million shares', 'plan', 'directed', 'issue', 'total', 'new EUR 800 million term loan facility', 'one shared supply chain organization', 'existing EUR 520 million term loan', 'customary long form documentation', 'premium software-enabled gaming gear', 'positive Free Cash Flow', 'diversified R&D organizations', 'two Global Operations organizations', 'DKK 8 billion debt-financed acquisition', 'new cloud-based ERP system', 'GN Store Nord A/S', 'long-term market share opportunities', 'DKK 2.1 billion new debt', 'future significant growth opportunities', 'revolving credit facility', 'R&D expertise', 'DKK 7 billion debt', 'vital human senses', 'emerging OTC market', 'current market challenges', '3,600,000 existing treasury shares', 'accelerated bookbuild offering', 'Jabra Enhance Plus', 'EQS Group AG', 'other critical technologies', 'new capital plan', 'term sheet', '17 million shares', 'gaming technologies', 'Marketing organizations', 'global pioneer', 'debt refinancing', 'common system', 'New Shares', 'market price', 'significant changes', 'market models', 'significant value', 'EQS News', 'one roof', 'one example', 'one team', 'Capital Increase', 'capital structure', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'OTHER MEASURES', 'Group level', 'hearing technologies', 'group companies', 'Key word', 'inside information', 'UNITED STATES', 'REQUIRE REGISTRATION', 'OFFERING MEMORANDUM', 'right balance', 'key pillar', 'book-building process', 'up to', 'macroeconomic environment', 'M&A', 'final agreement', 'immediate access', 'best position', 'technology-driven enhancement', 'underlying philosophy', 'one-company mindset', 'current synergies', '4 main levers', 'complex technology', 'broad range', 'increasing importance', 'competitive advantage', 'channel overlap', 'Retail Sales', 'strategic importance', 'key retailers', 'cost reductions', 'one leadership', 'back-office functions', 'first phase', 'The Board', 'applicable exemptions', 'GN Hearing', 'innovation strategy', 'operational synergies', 'operating assets', 'coming years', 'private placing', 'The Placing', 'SteelSeries’ CEO', 'GN Audio', 'directed issue', 'company scale', '17,319,337 shares', '150 years', 'total', 'May', 'CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Article', 'Regulation', 'service', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'RELEASE', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'AMERICA', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'PROSPECTUS', 'NO.', '14 JUNE', 'October', 'light', 'leverage', 'repayment', 'pillars', 'hand', 'disposals', 'finalization', 'completion', 'actions', 'people', 'realization', 'video', 'competencies', 'channels', 'deep', 'combined', 'commercialization', 'relevance', 'distributors', 'result', 'April', 'aim', 'structural', 'sourcing', 'manufacturing', 'know-how', 'HR', 'Management', 'markets', 'ability', 'shareholders', 'obligat', '2023']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25338,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GN-STORE-NORD-A-S-1412917/news/GN-Store-Nord-A-S-announces-plan-to-strengthen-its-capital-structure-to-execute-growth-opportunities-43937607/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,GN Store Nord A/S announces plan to strengthen its capital structure to execute growth opportunities including a directed issue and private placing of a total of approximately 17 million shares,(marketscreener.com) NOT FOR PUBLICATION  DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL OR R…,"NOT FOR PUBLICATION  DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL OR REQUIRE REGISTRATION OR ANY OTHER MEASURESTHIS ANNOUNCEMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFERING MEMORANDUM OR A PROSPECTUS AS DEFINED BY REGULATION (EU) NO. 2017/1129 OF 14 JUNE 2017.GN Store Nord A/S announces plan to strengthen its capital structure to execute growth opportunities including a directed issue and private placing of a total of approximately 17 million sharesThe new capital plan aims to strike the right balance between current market challenges and future significant growth opportunities  allowing GN to execute on both short- and long-term market share opportunities.As a key pillar of the plan  GN Store Nord A/S (""GN"") today launches an offering of shares at market price via a directed issue and private placing (the “Placing”). The Placing will be conducted through an accelerated book-building process and will consist of up to a total of 17 319 337 shares (nominally DKK 69 277 348) of DKK 4.00 each comprising up to 13 719 337 new shares (nominally DKK 54 877 348) (the “New Shares”) and up to 3 600 000 existing treasury shares (nominally DKK 14 400 000) (the “Treasury Shares”) (together with the New Shares  the “Shares”).Background for the PlacingIn October 2021  GN announced the DKK 8 billion debt-financed acquisition of SteelSeries  a global pioneer in premium software-enabled gaming gear. In light of the significant changes in the macroeconomic environment and GN’s leverage  GN has developed a new capital plan to prepare for repayment of approximately DKK 7 billion debt that matures in 2024. The pillars are:Cash at hand and positive Free Cash Flow excl. M&A for 2023 and 2024 at Group levelDKK 1.0 – 2.0 billion via disposals of selected assetsDKK 2.1 billion new debt (EUR 280 million) via debt refinancing  replacing the existing EUR 520 million term loan expiring in 2025 with a new EUR 800 million term loan facility expiring in 2026 (term sheet signed; finalization of the loan subject to final agreement on customary long form documentation and completion of the Placing)An accelerated bookbuild offering of New and Treasury Shares up to 17 319 337 sharesMoreover  GN still has immediate access to an undrawn revolving credit facility of EUR 350 million maturing in 2027.GN is confident that these actions will put the company in the best position going forward to continue our innovation strategy built on 150 years of technology-driven enhancement of vital human senses with the underlying philosophy of bringing people closer.This entails further realization of the synergies that can be derived from a one-company mindset with hearing  audio  video and gaming technologies  competencies  and channels under one roof. The current synergies are centered around 4 main levers:Further leveraging and sharing deep and complex technology between GN’s diversified R&D organizations. The emerging OTC market is just one example  where GN is benefitting from both audio and hearing technologies to develop Jabra Enhance Plus  and as AI and other critical technologies continue to converge  GN’s broad range of R&D expertise and combined scale will gain increasing importance as a competitive advantageFurther strengthening our commercialization by consolidating go-to-market models and channel overlap – most recently  SteelSeries’ and Jabra’s Retail Sales & Marketing organizations were merged into one team under the leadership of SteelSeries’ CEO to leverage the combined scale and increase relevance and strategic importance with key retailers and distributorsFurther streamlining to drive efficiencies and cost reductions as a result of one shared supply chain organization – in April 2023  GN Hearing’s and GN Audio’s two Global Operations organizations were merged into one team under one leadership with the aim to further leverage both structural and operational synergies within sourcing  manufacturing  and distributionFurther utilizing know-how and company scale across GN's operating assets to drive synergies across back-office functions including shared IT  HR etc. Currently  a first phase of a new cloud-based ERP system has gone live as a common system to ultimately encompass all group companiesThe Board and Management are confident in GN’s strategy  our markets  and our ability to execute and continue to gain market share which we believe will create significant value for shareholders in the coming years.The PlacingThe Placing will be made pursuant to applicable exemptions from the obligation to publish a prospectus as a directed issue and private placement to eligible institutional and professional investors in Denmark and in certain other jurisdictions at market price and without pre-emption rights for GN's existing shareholders.The Placing will be initiated with immediate effect and can close at any time. The Shares will be sold at market price as determined by the Board of Directors of GN after the close of the Placing based on a book-building process. The result of the Placing  the offer price and allocation are expected to be announced as soon as practicable thereafter.GN  the Board of Directors and the Executive Management have agreed to a 180-day lock-up period following settlement of the Placing in relation to shares in GN. The lock-up undertakings are subject to certain customary exemptions. The Placing is not underwritten.Resolution on share capital increaseThe decision to launch the Placing in a directed issue has been made by the Board of Directors covering Treasury Shares currently held by GN and New Shares to be issued in accordance with Article 5.2 in GN’s Articles of Association pursuant to which the Board of Directors is authorized to make share capital increases without pre-emption rights for the existing shareholders.The actual number of New Shares issued and dilution from the Placing will be subject to the final offer price and will be announced in connection with the announcement of the results of the Placing.Admission to trading and official listingThe New Shares and the Treasury Shares will be delivered in the temporary ISIN code DK0062495669. No application for admission to trading and official listing has been  or will be  filed for the New Shares and the Treasury Shares in the temporary ISIN code  and the temporary ISIN code will only be registered with Euronext Securities Copenhagen (VP Securities A/S) for subscription of the New Shares and for the Placing of the Treasury Shares. The temporary ISIN code in Euronext Securities Copenhagen (VP Securities A/S) will be merged with the permanent ISIN code for the existing shares  DK0010272632  as soon as possible following registration of the share capital increase for the New Shares with the Danish Business Authority. The New Shares are expected to be admitted to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S on or around 31 May 2023.Expected timetable for the PlacingThe Placing will be initiated immediately and can close at any time.Date Event 24 May 2023 Pricing and allocation - announcement of subscription price and result of the Placing 30 May 2023 Settlement and payment against delivery of the Shares 30 May 2023 Expected registration of the capital increase with the Danish Business Authority 31 May 2023 Admission to trading and official listing of the New Shares on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S 1 June 2023 Merger of the temporary ISIN of the New Shares and the Treasury Shares with the ISIN of the existing sharesThe closing of the Placing is subject to the Placing not being withdrawn prior to the registration of the capital increase and GN making an announcement to that effect.The New Shares and the Treasury SharesThe Placing comprises a total of up to 17 319 337 Shares of DKK 4.00 each comprising the New Shares and the Treasury Shares. The New Shares  if the Placing is fully subscribed  will represent 10.0% of GN’s current registered share capital of DKK 548 773 512  and will account for 9.1% of GN’s registered share capital upon completion of the capital increase relating to the New Shares. The Shares  if the Placing is fully subscribed and sold  will represent 12.6% of GN’s current registered share capital  and will account for 11.5% of GN’s registered share capital upon completion of the capital increase relating to the New Shares.GN currently owns a total of 9.2 million treasury shares  corresponding to 6.7% of GN’s total issued and registered share capital. GN contemplates selling up to 3.6 million Treasury Shares in the Placing corresponding to 2.6% of GN’s total issued and registered share capital. The Treasury Shares offered for sale have been acquired under previous share buybacks.Following completion of the share capital increase for the New Shares and assuming the New Shares are fully subscribed  the registered share capital of GN will amount to DKK 603 650 860 divided into 150 912 715 shares of nominally DKK 4.00 each.The New Shares will rank pari passu in all respects with existing shares in GN. The New Shares will be negotiable instruments  and no restrictions will apply to their transferability. No shares  including the New Shares  carry or will carry any special rights. Rights conferred by the New Shares  including voting rights and dividend rights  will apply from the time when the capital increase is registered with the Danish Business Authority. The New Shares must be registered in the name of the holder in GN’s register of shareholders.If the Placing is oversubscribed and fully sold  an individual allocation of the Shares will be made. Allocation of New Shares will be made in advance of any allocation of Treasury Shares.The Treasury Shares have the same rights as GN’s other existing shares and will be sold without any pre-emption rights for existing shareholders and new owners of any Treasury Share will be recorded in GN’s register of shareholders.Joint Global CoordinatorsBNP PARIBAS  Danske Bank A/S  DNB Markets  a part of DNB Bank ASA  J.P. Morgan SE  Nordea Danmark  filial af Nordea Bank Abp  Finland  and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken  Danmark  filial af Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)  Sverige  act as Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners in connection with the Placing.For further information  please contact:Investors and analystsAnne Sofie Staunsbæk Veyhe +45 45 75 85 06Rune Sandager +45 45 75 92 57Press and the mediaSteen Frentz Laursen +45 20 65 34 20About GNGN facilitates communication between people through intelligent hearing  audio  video  and gaming technology. Inspired by people and driven by our passion for innovation  we leverage technologies to deliver unique user experiences that bring people closer through the power of sound and vision.GN was founded more than 150 years ago with a vision to connect the world. Today  we proudly honor that legacy with our world-leading expertise in the human ear  audio  video and speech  wireless technologies  software  miniaturization  and collaboration with leading technology partners. GN's solutions are marketed by the brands ReSound  SteelSeries  Jabra  Beltone  Interton  BlueParrott  Danavox and FalCom in 100 countries. Founded in 1869  the GN Group employs 8 000 people and is listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen (GN.CO).Visit our homepage GN.com - and connect with us on LinkedIn  Facebook and TwitterImportant noticeThis announcement does not constitute an offering memorandum or a prospectus as defined by Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 and nothing herein contains an offering of securities.This announcement is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities issued by GN Store Nord A/S in any jurisdiction where such offer or sale would be unlawful and the announcement and the information contained herein are not for distribution or release  directly or indirectly  in or into such jurisdictions.This announcement and the information contained herein are not for distribution in or into the United States of America (including its territories and possessions  any state of the United States of America and the District of Columbia) (the “United States”). This document does not constitute  or form part of  an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  any securities in the United States. Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold within the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There is no intention to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the securities in the United States.In any member state of the European Economic Area (“EEA Member State”)  other than Denmark  this announcement is only addressed to  and is only directed at  investors in that EEA Member State who fulfil the criteria for exemption from the obligation to publish a prospectus  including qualified investors  within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017.In the United Kingdom  this announcement is only being distributed to and is only directed at: (A) qualified investors  as such term is defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; and who are also (B)(i) persons outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) – (d) of the Order (the persons described in (A) and (B)(i) through (iii) above together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.No prospectus will be made available in connection with the matters contained in this announcement and no such prospectus is required to be published.This announcement does not identify or suggest  or purport to identify or suggest  the risks (direct or indirect) that may be associated with an investment in the GN’s securities. Any investment decision to purchase or offer to purchase GN’s securities in connection with the Placing must be made solely on the basis of publicly available information  which has not been independently verified by BNP PARIBAS  Danske Bank A/S  DNB Markets  a part of DNB Bank ASA  J.P. Morgan SE  Nordea Danmark  filial af Nordea Bank Abp  Finland  and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken  Danmark  filial af Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)  Sverige (the “Joint Global Coordinators”).The Joint Global Coordinators and their affiliates are acting exclusively for GN and no-one else in connection with the Placing. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the Placing and will not be responsible to anyone other than GN for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients  nor for providing advice in relation to the Placing  the contents of this announcement or any transaction  arrangement or other matter referred to herein.In connection with the Placing  the Joint Global Coordinators and any of their affiliates  acting as investors for their own accounts  may subscribe for or purchase shares in GN and in that capacity may retain  purchase  sell  offer to sell or otherwise deal for their own accounts in such shares and other securities of GN or related investments in connection with the Placing or otherwise. The Joint Global Coordinators do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so.Matters discussed in this announcement may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and that can be identified by words such as “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “intends”  “estimate”  “will”  “may”  “continue”  “should”  and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this announcement are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions. Although GN believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made  these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond its control. Such risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors could cause actual events to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in this release by such forward-looking statements. GN expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to the forward-looking statements set forth herein. Accordingly  GN urges readers not to place undue reliance on any of the forward-looking statements set forth herein. The information  opinions and forward-looking statements contained in this announcement speak only as at its date  and are subject to change without notice.The information in this announcement may not be forwarded or distributed to any other person and may not be reproduced in any manner whatsoever. Any forwarding  distribution  reproduction or disclosure of this information in whole or in part is unauthorised. Failure to comply with this directive may result in a violation of the Securities Act or the applicable laws of other jurisdictions.This announcement does not constitute an invitation to underwrite  subscribe for or otherwise acquire or dispose of any securities in any jurisdiction. This announcement does not constitute a recommendation concerning any investor’s option with respect to the Placing. Each investor or prospective investor should conduct his  her or its own investigation  analysis and evaluation of the business and data described in this announcement and publicly available information. The price and value of GN’s securities can go down as well as up. Past performance is not a guide to future performance.Neither the content of GN's website nor any website accessible by hyperlinks on GN's website is incorporated in  or forms part of  this announcement.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.3,0.23,True,English,"['GN Store Nord A/S', 'capital structure', 'growth opportunities', 'private placing', '17 million shares', 'plan', 'directed', 'issue', 'total', 'new EUR 800 million term loan facility', 'one shared supply chain organization', 'existing EUR 520 million term loan', 'customary long form documentation', 'premium software-enabled gaming gear', 'positive Free Cash Flow', 'diversified R&D organizations', 'two Global Operations organizations', 'new cloud-based ERP system', 'DKK 8 billion debt-financed acquisition', 'GN Store Nord A/S', 'future significant growth opportunities', 'long-term market share opportunities', 'DKK 2.1 billion new debt', 'revolving credit facility', 'R&D expertise', 'vital human senses', 'DKK 7 billion debt', 'emerging OTC market', 'current market challenges', 'accelerated bookbuild offering', 'Jabra Enhance Plus', 'new capital plan', 'other critical technologies', '3,600,000 existing treasury shares', 'term sheet', '17 million shares', 'gaming technologies', 'Marketing organizations', 'global pioneer', 'debt refinancing', 'common system', 'existing shareholders', '13,719,337 new shares', 'capital structure', 'significant changes', 'significant value', 'market price', 'one roof', 'one example', 'market models', 'one team', 'hearing technologies', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'OTHER MEASURES', 'UNITED STATES', 'REQUIRE REGISTRATION', 'OFFERING MEMORANDUM', 'EU) NO.', 'right balance', 'key pillar', 'book-building process', 'macroeconomic environment', 'M&A', 'Group level', 'final agreement', 'immediate access', 'best position', 'technology-driven enhancement', 'underlying philosophy', 'one-company mindset', 'current synergies', '4 main levers', 'complex technology', 'broad range', 'increasing importance', 'competitive advantage', 'channel overlap', 'Retail Sales', 'strategic importance', 'key retailers', 'cost reductions', 'one leadership', 'back-office functions', 'first phase', 'group companies', 'The Board', 'applicable exemptions', 'private placement', 'eligible institutional', 'professional investors', 'pre-emption rights', 'immediate effect', 'The Shares', 'innovation strategy', 'operational synergies', 'operating assets', 'coming years', 'GN Hearing', 'private placing', 'SteelSeries’ CEO', 'The Placing', 'company scale', 'GN Audio', '17,319,337 shares', '150 years', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'RELEASE', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'AMERICA', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'ANNOUNCEMENT', 'PROSPECTUS', 'REGULATION', '14 JUNE', 'issue', 'total', 'October', 'light', 'leverage', 'repayment', 'pillars', 'hand', 'disposals', 'finalization', 'completion', 'actions', 'people', 'realization', 'video', 'competencies', 'channels', 'deep', 'combined', 'commercialization', 'relevance', 'distributors', 'result', 'April', 'aim', 'structural', 'sourcing', 'manufacturing', 'know-how', 'HR', 'Management', 'markets', 'ability', 'obligation', 'Denmark', 'time', '2023']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25339,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wolters-kluwers-legisway-and-mediregs-named-2023-siia-codie-award-finalists-301833294.html,Wolters Kluwer's Legisway and MediRegs named 2023 SIIA CODiE Award Finalists,The innovative legal solutions were recognized under the Business Technology category as market leaders NEW YORK  May 24  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. today announced that its solutions Legisway and MediRegs were named finalists…,"The innovative legal solutions were recognized under the Business Technology category as market leadersNEW YORK  May 24  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. today announced that its solutions Legisway and MediRegs were named finalists in the 38th annual SIIA CODiE Awards. Legisway was recognized in the Best Work Management Platform category  and MediRegs was honored in the Best Business Information or Data Delivery Solution category.Legisway  Wolters Kluwer's AI-powered solution for managing information related to contracts  intellectual property  compliance  and key business data  streamlines a wide range of workflows for corporate law departments. The solution offers true flexible enterprise legal information management that can be customized with an industry focus  helping the corporate law department enhance collaboration with the business and minimize risk.Wolters Kluwer's MediRegs allows users to address multiple challenges facing the industry by providing immediate access to premier content  coding tools  and calculators. The platform helps healthcare workers keep up to date on constantly changing healthcare regulations and reimbursement by providing a SaaS workflow solution  integration options  and premier healthcare reimbursement and regulatory software.""We are committed to delivering expertise and innovating to help our customers in highly regulated areas like the healthcare and retirement space "" said Atul Dubey  Senior Vice President and General Manager of Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. ""We extend our deepest gratitude to the 2023 CODiE Awards for recognizing how innovative legal technology solutions like Legisway and hospital revenue cycle management offerings like MediRegs are increasing the effectiveness of our customers and keeping them compliant with increasingly complex and ever-changing regulations.""The CODiE Awards are the industry's only peer-recognized awards program. Finalists represent the most innovative and impactful applications and products from software developers  content  media  and related technologies. CODiE Award winners will be announced during virtual celebrations on June 21 and June 22 at 1pm ET. Details about each finalist are available  here: www.siia.net/codieWolters Kluwer's Legisway and MediRegs were also honored as Stevie® Award winners in the 2023 American Business Awards® across multiple categories. The American Business Awards are the U.S.A.'s premier business awards program. More than 3 700 nominations from organizations of all sizes and in virtually every industry were submitted this year for consideration in a wide range of categories. Legisway won gold in the Work Management Platform category and silver in the Emerging Technology solution. Meanwhile  MediRegs won gold in the Health & Medical Information Solution category  and bronze in both the Healthcare Technology Solution and Customer Service Team of the Year categories.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.MEDIA CONTACT:Frank ReadySenior Specialist  External Communications  Legal & RegulatoryWolters KluwerOffice: 717-205-3647Email: [email protected]SOURCE Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['SIIA CODiE Award Finalists', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'Legisway', 'MediRegs', 'true flexible enterprise legal information management', 'hospital revenue cycle management offerings', 'Best Work Management Platform category', '38th annual SIIA CODiE Awards', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Frank Ready Senior Specialist', 'Data Delivery Solution category', 'Medical Information Solution category', 'The American Business Awards', 'premier business awards program', 'innovative legal technology solutions', 'The CODiE Awards', 'Business Technology category', 'peer-recognized awards program', '2023 American Business Awards', 'Best Business Information', 'key business data', 'Senior Vice President', 'CODiE Award winners', 'Stevie® Award winners', 'U.S.A.', 'Customer Service Team', 'deep domain knowledge', 'SaaS workflow solution', 'Emerging Technology solution', 'corporate law departments', 'innovative legal solutions', 'Regulatory U.S.', 'Healthcare Technology Solution', 'Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'Wolters Kluwer Office', 'premier healthcare reimbursement', '2023 CODiE Awards', '2022 annual revenues', 'specialized technology', 'AI-powered solution', 'premier content', 'corporate performance', 'expert solutions', 'market leaders', 'NEW YORK', 'intellectual property', 'wide range', 'multiple challenges', 'immediate access', 'coding tools', 'healthcare workers', 'healthcare regulations', 'integration options', 'regulated areas', 'retirement space', 'Atul Dubey', 'General Manager', 'deepest gratitude', 'changing regulations', 'impactful applications', 'related technologies', 'virtual celebrations', 'global leader', 'corporate compliance', 'critical decisions', 'External Communications', 'regulatory software', 'software developers', 'multiple categories', 'Year categories', 'MEDIA CONTACT', 'industry focus', 'PRNewswire', 'Legisway', 'MediRegs', 'contracts', 'workflows', 'collaboration', 'risk', 'users', 'calculators', 'date', 'expertise', 'customers', 'effectiveness', 'complex', 'Finalists', 'products', 'June', '1pm', 'Details', 'More', '3,700 nominations', 'organizations', 'sizes', 'consideration', 'gold', 'silver', 'bronze', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'services', 'professionals', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'ESG', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Email', 'SOURCE']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,prnewswire.com
25340,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOSENIC-SA-20757385/news/BioSenic-and-Pluristyx-sign-term-sheet-for-market-availability-of-ALLOB-mesenchymal-cells-43928825/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,BioSenic and Pluristyx sign term sheet for market availability of ALLOB mesenchymal cells,(marketscreener.com) INSIDE INFORMATION Potential license agreement to produce and commercialize original and transformed ALLOB cells BioSenic to potentially receive royalty rates on net sales up to 25% Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  May 24th 2023  7.00am CET –…,INSIDE INFORMATIONPotential license agreement to produce and commercialize original and transformed ALLOB cellsBioSenic to potentially receive royalty rates on net sales up to 25%Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  May 24th 2023  7.00am CET – BioSenic (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the clinical stage company specializing in serious autoimmune and inflammatory diseases and cell repair  today announces the signing of a term sheet with Pluristyx  a leading provider of gene-edited iPSC and cell therapy solutions  with a view to further negotiate the terms and conditions of a potential license and collaboration agreement.This term sheet will be used as basis for the preparation of a potential wider licensing and collaboration agreement to make BioSenic’s well characterized cells with various original properties available to the market. These cells include immune privilege  anti-inflammatory properties et tissue repair established capacities  both in vitro and in vivo. BioSenic has derived these GMP manufactured cells from Mesenchymal Stem Cells (MSCs)  bone marrow cells from healthy donors. The cells have then been prepared for a number of preclinical and clinical studies. These cells constitute BioSenic’s investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  which is currently being evaluated in a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase IIb study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures. Subject to the fulfillment of customary condition precedents  BioSenic and Pluristyx aim to further negotiate the terms and conditions with a view on completing a final agreement and to fully execute it by Q3 2023. Depending on the outcome of the negotiations  a final license and collaboration agreement might  however  never be entered into.In 2021  BioSenic (at the time Bone Therapeutics  prior to its merger to create BioSenic) and Pluristyx (previously Implant Therapeutics) entered into its original research evaluation agreement. The agreement enabled BioSenic to access  evaluate and materially transfer Implant Therapeutics’ Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell (iPSC) lines  media  differentiation protocols and expertise. These specific single source MSCs are highly standardized  are expandable and scalable. They are also more flexible with regards to modification methodologies  including gene editing and transduction  than existing autologous and allogeneic approaches. Pluristyx has developed technologies to conditionally transform dividing cell populations  including cells such as ALLOB.The potential BioSenic / Pluristyx licensing and collaboration agreement  if entered into  would enable BioSenic to prepare these cells for market availability for preclinical research and possible clinical applications. Pluristyx specializes in partnerships with companies and research institutions to create and commercialize new therapies and offer services to clients who need support with their own cell therapy development  manufacturing  and/or regulatory compliance.“BioSenic’s pre-merged Bone Therapeutics  has spent over 10 years establishing the scientific and technical foundations for the safe use of manufactured mesenchymal stem cells originating from the bone marrow of healthy human donors. This has involved pre-clinical and clinical studies demonstrating cartilage and bone formation or repair. Phase 2 clinical studies have also demonstrated spinal fusion and bone fractures enhanced repair ” said Prof. François Rieger  PhD  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of BioSenic. “BioSenic has therefore extensively demonstrated that bone marrow cells that originate from stem cells are able to differentiate in a variety of tissue types in addition to bone. They are of a very low immunogenic type with a so-called immune privilege  and they can be prepared as partially differentiated cells along their cell differentiation multiple pathways. As a result  these cells can be further transformed in vitro with specific genes adding to their initial properties with new anti-inflammatory properties or cell division regulatory mechanisms able to control excessive division or abnormal migration or misdirected organ implantation. This partnership between BioSenic and Pluristyx will enable the wider sector to expand the use of the ALLOB and related cells and deliver new ways to treat numerous human pathologies still with unsatisfactory or unmet medical needs. The availability of the ALLOB cell clones and lines will generate a very significant income. BioSenic will be able to utilize this income to financially support its own projects based on its present two main technical Arsenic and ALLOB platforms  targeting autoimmune and cancer conditions and bone and cartilage repair.”“Pluristyx will be able to apply using its conditional immortalizing and transforming strategies in partnership with BioSenic to generate transformed versions of the ALLOB line. We believe this will generate clonal cell lines resources that will be invaluable to a number of companies and laboratories internationally ” said Dr Mahendra Rao  Vice President of Pluristyx. “Using Pluristyx’s base immortalized line to add to our platform technologies  such as Failsafe and Hypoimmune  will enable the development of safe cellular therapy for use by Biosenic and its licensed partners.”Subject to the terms and conditions of the definitive license and collaboration agreement  BioSenic will grant to Pluristyx conditional non-exclusive  non-transferrable  sublicensable (on a case-by-case basis) and royalty-bearing license on the BioSenic technology to exploit ALLOB. The main responsibilities of Pluristyx shall include the production and sale of immortalized ALLOB cells  the exploitation of licensed products and the generation of a Cell Bank.About PluristyxPluristyx with panCELLa offers an enlarged portfolio of unique and effective non-modified and genetically engineered iPSC-based technologies and related services to provide end-to-end client support throughout the product lifecycle. Pluristyx is fast becoming the leading provider of gene-edited iPSC and cell therapy solutions  accelerating the path to clinic and providing the best route to commercialization.About BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from: (i)  the allogeneic cell therapy platform ALLOB and (ii) the Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform. Key target indications for the platforms include Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD)  Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  Systemic Sclerosis (SSc) and high-risk tibial fractures.Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combines the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger also enables Biosenic to add to its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair protection with an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/OATO.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About BioSenic technology platformsBioSenic’s technology is based on two main platforms:1) The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform  developed by BioSenic with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) that can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. Its current investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury after a single local injection. These cells are produced via a BioSenic's scalable manufacturing process. Following the CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  BioSenic has initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB is currently being evaluated in a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase IIb study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  using its optimized production process  after a successful first safety and efficacy study (Phase 1/2a) on fractured long bones  with late delayed union. The patient recruitment has been halted late February 2023 with 57 patients and the new rules permitted for statistical analysis should allow BioSenic to get the main results of this trial much earlier than anticipated in the original protocol  since they are expected by mid-2023.2) The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform developed by Medsenic. The immunomodulatory properties of ATO have demonstrated a double basic effect on cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T or other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several pro-inflammatory cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. GvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT). GvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune system that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. Medsenic had been successful in a Phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  allowing arsenic trioxide to be granted an orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA and is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with a new  IP protected  oral (OATO) formulation. Moderate to Severe forms of Systemic Lupus erythematosus (SLE) is another selected target  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastro-intestinal tract) in a Phase IIa study.Systemic Sclerosis is  in addition  part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive. This gives good grounds to launch a Phase II clinical protocol for this serious disease that badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and with no actual current effective treatment.In addition  BioSenic is developing an off-the-shelf next-generation improved viscosupplement  JTA-004  consisting of a unique combination of plasma proteins  hyaluronic acid - a natural component of knee synovial fluid  and a fast-acting analgesic. JTA-004 intends to provide added lubrication and protection to the cartilage of the arthritic joint and to alleviate osteoarthritic pain (OA) and inflammation. In March 2023  after the identification of new OA subtypes  BioSenic delivered a new post-hoc analysis of its Phase III JTA-004 trial on knee OA with positive action on the most severely affected patient population. This new post-hoc analysis changes the therapeutic profile of the molecule and potentially allows for the possibility of stratifying patients for a new  optimized Phase III clinical study. BioSenic  which does not intend to allocate R&D resources to support the clinical development of JTA-004 and will continue to focus its R&D activities on the development of its autoimmune (ATO) and cell therapy (ALLOB) platforms  is now seeking to collaborate with existing and potential partners to explore options for the future development of JTA-004 based on this new post-hoc analysis.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAPr. François Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comFor Belgian Media and Investor Enquiries:BepublicBert BouserieTel: +32 (0)488 40 44 77bert.bouserie@bepublicgroup.beFor International Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Media Enquiries:NewCap MediaAnnie-Florence LoyerTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 12afloyer@newcap.frFor French Investor Enquiries:Seitosei ActifinGhislaine GasparettoTel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22ggasparetto@actifin.frCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.25,0.74,True,English,"['Pluristyx sign term sheet', 'ALLOB mesenchymal cells', 'market availability', 'BioSenic', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase IIb study', 'Implant Therapeutics’ Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell', 'present two main technical Arsenic', 'Prof. François Rieger', 'clonal cell lines resources', 'specific single source MSCs', 'cell division regulatory mechanisms', 'original research evaluation agreement', 'Phase 2 clinical studies', 'cell therapy solutions', 'cell therapy development', 'investigational medicinal product', 'customary condition precedents', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'low immunogenic type', 'numerous human pathologies', 'unmet medical needs', 'Dr Mahendra Rao', 'clinical stage company', 'possible clinical applications', 'high-risk tibial fractures', 'Mesenchymal Stem Cells', 'various original properties', 'healthy human donors', 'ALLOB cell clones', 'potential wider licensing', 'new anti-inflammatory properties', 'Potential license agreement', 'bone marrow cells', 'technical foundations', 'cell populations', 'cell differentiation', 'healthy donors', 'Bone Therapeutics', 'regulatory compliance', 'specific genes', 'excessive division', 'cell repair', 'research institutions', 'bone fractures', 'initial properties', 'wider sector', 'final license', 'new therapies', 'new ways', 'collaboration agreement', 'final agreement', 'preclinical research', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'royalty rates', 'net sales', 'Euronext Brussels', 'inflammatory diseases', 'term sheet', 'leading provider', 'immune privilege', 'differentiation protocols', 'modification methodologies', 'gene editing', 'existing autologous', 'allogeneic approaches', 'bone formation', 'spinal fusion', 'tissue types', 'multiple pathways', 'abnormal migration', 'organ implantation', 'conditional immortalizing', 'transforming strategies', 'Vice President', 'iPSC) lines', 'ALLOB platforms', 'ALLOB line', 'related cells', 'tissue repair', 'Pluristyx licensing', 'serious autoimmune', 'safe use', 'significant income', 'ALLOB cells', 'cancer conditions', 'cartilage repair', 'market availability', 'transformed', 'BioSenic', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', '7.00am', 'Paris', 'signing', 'gene-edited', 'view', 'terms', 'basis', 'preparation', 'capacities', 'vitro', 'vivo', 'GMP', 'number', 'patients', 'fulfillment', 'Q3', 'outcome', 'negotiations', 'time', 'merger', 'media', 'expertise', 'regards', 'transduction', 'technologies', 'dividing', 'partnerships', 'companies', 'services', 'clients', 'support', 'manufacturing', '10 years', 'scientific', 'pre-clinical', 'PhD', 'Chairman', 'variety', 'addition', 'result', 'misdirected', 'unsatisfactory', 'projects', 'versions', 'laboratories', 'base']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25341,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/24/2674889/0/en/BioSenic-and-Pluristyx-sign-term-sheet-for-market-availability-of-ALLOB-mesenchymal-cells.html,BioSenic and Pluristyx sign term sheet for market availability of ALLOB mesenchymal cells,INSIDE INFORMATION  Potential license agreement to produce and commercialize original and transformed ALLOB cells  BioSenic to potentially receive...,English FrenchINSIDE INFORMATIONPotential license agreement to produce and commercialize original and transformed ALLOB cellsBioSenic to potentially receive royalty rates on net sales up to 25%Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  May 24th 2023  7.00am CET – BioSenic (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the clinical stage company specializing in serious autoimmune and inflammatory diseases and cell repair  today announces the signing of a term sheet with Pluristyx  a leading provider of gene-edited iPSC and cell therapy solutions  with a view to further negotiate the terms and conditions of a potential license and collaboration agreement.This term sheet will be used as basis for the preparation of a potential wider licensing and collaboration agreement to make BioSenic’s well characterized cells with various original properties available to the market. These cells include immune privilege  anti-inflammatory properties et tissue repair established capacities  both in vitro and in vivo. BioSenic has derived these GMP manufactured cells from Mesenchymal Stem Cells (MSCs)  bone marrow cells from healthy donors. The cells have then been prepared for a number of preclinical and clinical studies. These cells constitute BioSenic’s investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  which is currently being evaluated in a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase IIb study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures. Subject to the fulfillment of customary condition precedents  BioSenic and Pluristyx aim to further negotiate the terms and conditions with a view on completing a final agreement and to fully execute it by Q3 2023. Depending on the outcome of the negotiations  a final license and collaboration agreement might  however  never be entered into.In 2021  BioSenic (at the time Bone Therapeutics  prior to its merger to create BioSenic) and Pluristyx (previously Implant Therapeutics) entered into its original research evaluation agreement. The agreement enabled BioSenic to access  evaluate and materially transfer Implant Therapeutics’ Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell (iPSC) lines  media  differentiation protocols and expertise. These specific single source MSCs are highly standardized  are expandable and scalable. They are also more flexible with regards to modification methodologies  including gene editing and transduction  than existing autologous and allogeneic approaches. Pluristyx has developed technologies to conditionally transform dividing cell populations  including cells such as ALLOB.The potential BioSenic / Pluristyx licensing and collaboration agreement  if entered into  would enable BioSenic to prepare these cells for market availability for preclinical research and possible clinical applications. Pluristyx specializes in partnerships with companies and research institutions to create and commercialize new therapies and offer services to clients who need support with their own cell therapy development  manufacturing  and/or regulatory compliance.“BioSenic’s pre-merged Bone Therapeutics  has spent over 10 years establishing the scientific and technical foundations for the safe use of manufactured mesenchymal stem cells originating from the bone marrow of healthy human donors. This has involved pre-clinical and clinical studies demonstrating cartilage and bone formation or repair. Phase 2 clinical studies have also demonstrated spinal fusion and bone fractures enhanced repair ” said Prof. François Rieger  PhD  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of BioSenic. “BioSenic has therefore extensively demonstrated that bone marrow cells that originate from stem cells are able to differentiate in a variety of tissue types in addition to bone. They are of a very low immunogenic type with a so-called immune privilege  and they can be prepared as partially differentiated cells along their cell differentiation multiple pathways. As a result  these cells can be further transformed in vitro with specific genes adding to their initial properties with new anti-inflammatory properties or cell division regulatory mechanisms able to control excessive division or abnormal migration or misdirected organ implantation. This partnership between BioSenic and Pluristyx will enable the wider sector to expand the use of the ALLOB and related cells and deliver new ways to treat numerous human pathologies still with unsatisfactory or unmet medical needs. The availability of the ALLOB cell clones and lines will generate a very significant income. BioSenic will be able to utilize this income to financially support its own projects based on its present two main technical Arsenic and ALLOB platforms  targeting autoimmune and cancer conditions and bone and cartilage repair.”“Pluristyx will be able to apply using its conditional immortalizing and transforming strategies in partnership with BioSenic to generate transformed versions of the ALLOB line. We believe this will generate clonal cell lines resources that will be invaluable to a number of companies and laboratories internationally ” said Dr Mahendra Rao  Vice President of Pluristyx. “Using Pluristyx’s base immortalized line to add to our platform technologies  such as Failsafe and Hypoimmune  will enable the development of safe cellular therapy for use by Biosenic and its licensed partners.”Subject to the terms and conditions of the definitive license and collaboration agreement  BioSenic will grant to Pluristyx conditional non-exclusive  non-transferrable  sublicensable (on a case-by-case basis) and royalty-bearing license on the BioSenic technology to exploit ALLOB. The main responsibilities of Pluristyx shall include the production and sale of immortalized ALLOB cells  the exploitation of licensed products and the generation of a Cell Bank.About PluristyxPluristyx with panCELLa offers an enlarged portfolio of unique and effective non-modified and genetically engineered iPSC-based technologies and related services to provide end-to-end client support throughout the product lifecycle. Pluristyx is fast becoming the leading provider of gene-edited iPSC and cell therapy solutions  accelerating the path to clinic and providing the best route to commercialization.About BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from: (i)  the allogeneic cell therapy platform ALLOB and (ii) the Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform. Key target indications for the platforms include Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD)  Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  Systemic Sclerosis (SSc) and high-risk tibial fractures.Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combines the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger also enables Biosenic to add to its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair protection with an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/OATO.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About BioSenic technology platformsBioSenic’s technology is based on two main platforms:1) The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform  developed by BioSenic with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) that can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. Its current investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury after a single local injection. These cells are produced via a BioSenic's scalable manufacturing process. Following the CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  BioSenic has initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB is currently being evaluated in a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase IIb study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  using its optimized production process  after a successful first safety and efficacy study (Phase 1/2a) on fractured long bones  with late delayed union. The patient recruitment has been halted late February 2023 with 57 patients and the new rules permitted for statistical analysis should allow BioSenic to get the main results of this trial much earlier than anticipated in the original protocol  since they are expected by mid-2023.2) The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform developed by Medsenic. The immunomodulatory properties of ATO have demonstrated a double basic effect on cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T or other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several pro-inflammatory cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. GvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT). GvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune system that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. Medsenic had been successful in a Phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  allowing arsenic trioxide to be granted an orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA and is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with a new  IP protected  oral (OATO) formulation. Moderate to Severe forms of Systemic Lupus erythematosus (SLE) is another selected target  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastro-intestinal tract) in a Phase IIa study.Systemic Sclerosis is  in addition  part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive. This gives good grounds to launch a Phase II clinical protocol for this serious disease that badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and with no actual current effective treatment.In addition  BioSenic is developing an off-the-shelf next-generation improved viscosupplement  JTA-004  consisting of a unique combination of plasma proteins  hyaluronic acid - a natural component of knee synovial fluid  and a fast-acting analgesic. JTA-004 intends to provide added lubrication and protection to the cartilage of the arthritic joint and to alleviate osteoarthritic pain (OA) and inflammation. In March 2023  after the identification of new OA subtypes  BioSenic delivered a new post-hoc analysis of its Phase III JTA-004 trial on knee OA with positive action on the most severely affected patient population. This new post-hoc analysis changes the therapeutic profile of the molecule and potentially allows for the possibility of stratifying patients for a new  optimized Phase III clinical study. BioSenic  which does not intend to allocate R&D resources to support the clinical development of JTA-004 and will continue to focus its R&D activities on the development of its autoimmune (ATO) and cell therapy (ALLOB) platforms  is now seeking to collaborate with existing and potential partners to explore options for the future development of JTA-004 based on this new post-hoc analysis.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAPr. François Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comFor Belgian Media and Investor Enquiries:BepublicBert BouserieTel: +32 (0)488 40 44 77bert.bouserie@bepublicgroup.beFor International Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Media Enquiries:NewCap MediaAnnie-Florence LoyerTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 12afloyer@newcap.frFor French Investor Enquiries:Seitosei ActifinGhislaine GasparettoTel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22ggasparetto@actifin.frCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['Pluristyx sign term sheet', 'ALLOB mesenchymal cells', 'market availability', 'BioSenic', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase IIb study', 'Implant Therapeutics’ Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell', 'present two main technical Arsenic', 'Prof. François Rieger', 'cell differentiation multiple pathways', 'clonal cell lines resources', 'specific single source MSCs', 'cell division regulatory mechanisms', 'original research evaluation agreement', 'cell therapy solutions', 'cell therapy development', 'Phase 2 clinical studies', 'investigational medicinal product', 'customary condition precedents', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'low immunogenic type', 'numerous human pathologies', 'unmet medical needs', 'Dr Mahendra Rao', 'clinical stage company', 'possible clinical applications', 'high-risk tibial fractures', 'Mesenchymal Stem Cells', 'various original properties', 'ALLOB cell clones', 'healthy human donors', 'potential wider licensing', 'new anti-inflammatory properties', 'Potential license agreement', 'bone marrow cells', 'technical foundations', 'cell populations', 'cell repair', 'healthy donors', 'Bone Therapeutics', 'differentiation protocols', 'regulatory compliance', 'specific genes', 'excessive division', 'research institutions', 'bone fractures', 'initial properties', 'wider sector', 'final license', 'iPSC) lines', 'new therapies', 'new ways', 'collaboration agreement', 'final agreement', 'preclinical research', 'English French', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'royalty rates', 'net sales', 'Euronext Brussels', 'inflammatory diseases', 'term sheet', 'leading provider', 'gene-edited iPSC', 'immune privilege', 'modification methodologies', 'gene editing', 'existing autologous', 'allogeneic approaches', 'bone formation', 'spinal fusion', 'tissue types', 'abnormal migration', 'organ implantation', 'conditional immortalizing', 'transforming strategies', 'Vice President', 'ALLOB platforms', 'ALLOB line', 'related cells', 'Pluristyx licensing', 'tissue repair', 'serious autoimmune', 'safe use', 'significant income', 'ALLOB cells', 'cancer conditions', 'cartilage repair', 'market availability', 'transformed', 'BioSenic', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', '7.00am', 'Paris', 'signing', 'view', 'terms', 'basis', 'preparation', 'capacities', 'vitro', 'vivo', 'GMP', 'number', 'patients', 'fulfillment', 'Q3', 'outcome', 'negotiations', 'time', 'merger', 'media', 'expertise', 'regards', 'transduction', 'technologies', 'dividing', 'partnerships', 'companies', 'services', 'clients', 'support', 'manufacturing', '10 years', 'scientific', 'pre-clinical', 'PhD', 'Chairman', 'variety', 'addition', 'result', 'misdirected', 'unsatisfactory', 'projects', 'versions', 'laboratories']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,globenewswire.com
25342,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.nzherald.co.nz/business/capital-markets-mark-peterson-election-2023-nzxs-must-do-list-time-to-revisit-rules-of-the-game/DA4U7Z5QD5BIJIW2OPBJJRKGIQ/,Capital Markets: Mark Peterson: Election 2023 - NZX’s ‘must-do list’ - Time to revisit rules of the game,"NZX has a political ""must-do list"" to help strengthen the economy and lift productivity.",UBS is buying Credit Suisse in a US$2b deal after a string of US bank failures and in an extended interview the NZ Stock Exchange CEO discusses a lack of IPOs and what sectors the exchange wants more of. Video / NZ HeraldOPINION:In case you haven’t heard  on October 14  New Zealand will be having a general election. And  in an election year  business groups  NGOs  unions and newspaper columnists shine up policies — their so-called “election wish list” — they would like political parties to deliver.At NZX  we too have a list of initiatives we would like to see implemented — or barriers removed — to lift productivity and help build a stronger  well-functioning economy.From our perspective  and those in the New Zealand investment and financial services communities  our wish list is more a “must-do list” to help fuel our markets as an engine for growth.New Zealand needs stable and competitive macroeconomic settings and appropriate regulations. Well-functioning public markets (for example NZX) provide access to capital for those businesses listed on them  but also make it easier for smaller companies to list and grow — freeing start-up private capital for reinvestment in new ideas.NZX is committed to connecting people  businesses and capital.Our vision is to be a trusted New Zealand business  delivering sustainable wealth  value and opportunities for all.The Ministry of Business Innovation and Employment states that New Zealand’s financial markets regulatory system “promotes and facilitates fair  efficient and transparent financial markets”.Venture capital  private equity and public markets all play an important role in supporting businesses to grow through the various stages of maturity. In many cases  there is overlap  which means it’s incredibly important to ensure the regulatory settings are appropriate  removing inappropriate and unintended favouring. If there is favouring  New Zealand runs the risk of skewing access to opportunities to some investor groups which may result in unintentionally increasing the wealth gap.To ensure business investment benefits more people in our country (ie democratising access) and is a level playing field  NZX is calling for changes to our public market regulatory settings.In mid-2008 in response to the Global Financial Crisis  the Capital Market Development Taskforce was set up by the then Labour-led government to look at the state of New Zealand’s capital markets  the international context  future risks and opportunities  and key changes necessary to deliver the best possible financial system for our country.In 2010 the task force recommended a must-do list of around 60 changes to legislation to allow listed companies to raise capital more easily. Many were implemented by the National-led government of the time.Fast forward 13 years and we are battling through another global economic downturn. Appropriate “rules of the game” that give investors confidence and allow businesses to access capital effectively and at a low cost are more important than ever. New Zealand needs market settings that are match fit and internationally competitive.Unlike in 2008  there’s no need to set up a government-led task force — the work has already been done in the form of the Growing Capital Markets 2029 report. That research and its 42 recommendations is still fit-for-purpose. The industry has delivered the recommendations allocated to it. But there are many that require the government to directly implement.The Budget’s numbers show that as a country we are rapidly increasing our national debt and running some large deficits in the years to come. We need to make some smart choices in the coming years on how we are going to make all the numbers add up. As part of that  public markets can play a significant role in helping to reach the broadest range of investors  efficiently price capital  to ease the pressure on the Government balance sheet and fund the infrastructure required to assist in improving productivity.That’s why it is important for NZX to outline a “top five must-do list” that requires government input and priority implementation to help lift our nation’s productivity  encourage entrepreneurialism  and help pay for services that directly support our citizens. NZX of course has a more detailed and comprehensive list of initiatives we would like to see introduced. They are a mix of transformative opportunities and more incremental changes.1. Use of the listed market to support NZ infrastructure and resilience funding.There is a significant need for base infrastructure and resilience funding and investment in New Zealand and how to most efficiently and fairly pay for it.Access to private capital and innovative market solutions can help reduce the reliance on government and local government funding and help close the estimated $210 billion infrastructure gap now and into the future.This would also create further high-quality investible products for Kiwi investors  including potentially through KiwiSaver which is precluded due to lack of liquidity in local government financial products. This could also align with broader sustainable financing and decarbonisation goals.2. List Government bonds.NZX recommends listing New Zealand Government bonds on the NZX Debt Market. The benefits would be:· To maximise the range of investors that can support the New Zealand Government debt programme which will lead to a reduction in the Crown’s borrowing costs over the longer term.· Capture and stimulate investor demand (through greater prominence and from funds that can only invest in the listed products).· Support accessing the World Government Bonds Index (WGBI).Every other comparable country by size of population and/or size of outstanding government debt has their government bonds listed. New Zealand is an outlier by not doing so.3. To make Prospective Financial Information (PFI) optional in disclosure documents when listing.One of the most difficult and expensive requirements for a company when listing on the NZX  is prospective financial information or PFI. It is a material factor in why companies are looking to Australia rather than listing in New Zealand.That is why NZX is proposing to make optional the legal requirements for prospective financial disclosures and full-format prospective statements (together  Prescribed PFI) to be included in a product disclosure statement  for an initial offer of equity securities.Instead  NZX recommends issuers could provide prospective information that explains the key drivers of the company’s business and forecast outlook  such as trend statements or expectations as to revenue or earnings expressed as a range (i.e. one-year earnings guidance). This information is typically provided by existing listed companies as part of routine periodic reporting.Doing so will reduce the cost and disclosure burden for listing proportionate to the utility of PFI and ensure a level playing field with ASX while ensuring investors receive better information to make decisions.New Zealand is an international outlier in relation to its requirements for Prescribed PFI  which is often viewed by companies wishing to list as a significant impediment to the listing. NZX understands the cost of providing ranges from $150 000 to $500 000 and is a factor that may cause New Zealand advisers to recommend companies listed elsewhere where Prescribed PFI isn’t mandatory.Making this requirement optional would provide investors with more choices of investable products  and enable better access to capital for New Zealand businesses. The change would also ensure New Zealand’s capital markets do not have regulatory settings which are materially less competitive than international peers.4. Tax relief for Initial Public Offerings (IPOs) on the NZXNZX is encouraging changes to tax settings to recognise the positive externalities that are created when companies conduct an IPO. It is a costly process but creates broader benefits to the New Zealand economy through access to growth capital and creation of further investible products for New Zealanders.As such  NZX is supportive of a tax credit for the costs of IPO to not only encourage and reward entrepreneurialism but support a productive economy. It is something the Ireland Stock Exchange  Euronext Dublin  has also proposed.A secondary or backup measure would be to allow a deduction for the costs relating to secondary capital raising as proposed within the Capital Markets 2029 report.5. Partial listing of Government Assets.Partial listings of Government assets could be used to allow Government balance sheet management  freeing up capital for other purposes  while retaining Government control.The rationale and benefits for considering partial listings are to:· Enable the Government to retain control of these assets while unlocking capital for other purposes such as spending on public infrastructure like hospitals and schools.· Reduce reliance on borrowing.· Increase the overall value of existing assets to the Government.· Provide dividends for investors.· Reduce capital expenditure commitments post-listing.· Potentially create more efficient capital allocation through enhanced governance/disclosure disciplines.· Create more investable products in New Zealand.A 2018 independent analysis of the mixed ownership model programme from 2011 to 2014 compared gentailers Mercury  Meridian and Genesis in the three years post-partial privatisation compared to the three years preceding it.The findings showed significant improvements in dividend distribution  a reduction in capital expenditure  and a lowering of debt-to-earnings and debt-to-equity ratios.New Zealand and New Zealanders win from a strong economy and well-functioning public markets. Growing Kiwi businesses through transparent and well-supported markets will ensure better and higher-paying jobs  a lift in incomes and an increase in our country’s standard of living. Those outcomes are the ambitions of our political parties.However  to actually achieve that requires having the right settings in place that encourage and support growth. Doing that will ensure sustainable economic prosperity for a small but determined trading nation at the bottom of the South Pacific.· Mark Peterson is the chief executive of NZX.· NZX is an advertising sponsor of the Herald’s Capital Markets Report.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.15,0.31,True,English,"['Capital Markets', 'Mark Peterson', 'Election', 'Time', 'rules', 'game', 'best possible financial system', 'financial markets regulatory system', 'top five must-do list', 'Capital Market Development Taskforce', 'Growing Capital Markets 2029 report', 'public market regulatory settings', 'Global Financial Crisis', 'transparent financial markets', 'US$2b deal', 'US bank failures', 'stronger, well-functioning economy', 'level playing field', 'global economic downturn', 'high-quality investible products', 'innovative market solutions', 'competitive macroeconomic settings', 'financial services communities', 'functioning public markets', 'Stock Exchange CEO', 'government-led task force', 'Government balance sheet', 'start-up private capital', '$210 billion infrastructure gap', 'election wish list', 'local government funding', 'New Zealand business', 'New Zealand investment', 'market settings', 'wealth gap', 'general election', 'election year', 'private equity', 'resilience funding', 'comprehensive list', 'business groups', 'Business Innovation', 'business investment', 'new ideas', 'Venture capital', 'price capital', 'Credit Suisse', 'extended interview', 'Herald OPINION', 'newspaper columnists', 'political parties', 'appropriate regulations', 'smaller companies', 'sustainable wealth', 'fair, efficient', 'important role', 'various stages', 'many cases', 'unintended favouring', 'investor groups', 'Labour-led government', 'international context', 'listed companies', 'National-led government', 'Appropriate “rules', 'low cost', 'The Budget', 'national debt', 'large deficits', 'smart choices', 'significant role', 'broadest range', 'government input', 'priority implementation', 'base infrastructure', 'future risks', 'key changes', 'coming years', 'incremental changes', 'significant need', 'Kiwi investors', 'transformative opportunities', '60 changes', 'UBS', 'string', 'lack', 'IPOs', 'sectors', 'Video', 'October', 'NGOs', 'unions', 'policies', 'initiatives', 'barriers', 'productivity', 'perspective', 'engine', 'growth', 'stable', 'example', 'access', 'businesses', 'reinvestment', 'people', 'vision', 'value', 'Ministry', 'Employment', 'maturity', 'overlap', 'inappropriate', 'country', 'mid-2008', 'response', 'state', 'legislation', 'time', 'game', 'confidence', 'work', 'research', '42 recommendations', 'purpose', 'industry', 'numbers', 'pressure', 'citizens', 'course', 'detailed', 'mix', 'Use', 'reliance', 'KiwiSaver', 'liquidity']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,nzherald.co.nz
25343,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/24/2675523/0/en/Aramis-Group-2023-first-half-results.html,Aramis Group - 2023 first-half results,PRESS RELEASE    Arcueil  May 24  2023     2023 first-half resultsReturn to positive adjusted EBITDAMoving forward with the profitable growth strategy    ...,English FrenchPRESS RELEASEArcueil  May 24  20232023 first-half resultsReturn to positive adjusted EBITDAMoving forward with the profitable growth strategyResults at March 31  2023  first half of the financial year ending September 30  2023Revenues of €940.8 million  up +7.8% compared with the first half of 2022  and stable excluding the acquisitionsVery high levels of customer satisfaction maintained (NPS 1 of 70) thanks to the dedication shown by its teams and the Group’s responsiveness to continue offering quality vehicles at the best prices despite the market contextof 70) thanks to the dedication shown by its teams and the Group’s responsiveness to continue offering quality vehicles at the best prices despite the market context Volumes of refurbished vehicles sold up +15.6% from the first half of 2022  with +4.9% excluding the acquisitions in Austria and Italy  a clear outperformance compared to the used car market  which declined by -9% 2Upturn in the volumes of pre-registered cars sold over the last six months  with +19.9% growth compared with the second half of 2022  although this level is still -30.9% lower than the first half of 2022Gross profit per vehicle sold (GPU) at a high level of €2 166  in line with the €2 150 targeted by Aramis Group  despite the dilutive impact of the acquisitions in Austria and ItalyAdjusted EBITDA positive with +€1.0 million  benefiting from Aramis Group’s adaptation to the new market balances and its disciplined cost management. For the 2022 scope  adjusted EBITDA came to +€3.5 million  with the operations of the Austrian company acquired close to break even and the Italian company recording a negative EBITDA of -€2.5 million since it was acquiredBalance sheet positions under control  with rigorous inventory management both for the historical scope and for newly acquired subsidiaries  the effective management of operating working capital requirements (37 days of revenues)  and around €170 million of undrawn credit lines without any conditions at March 31  20232023 full-year guidance refined: except in the event of a further deterioration in the macroeconomic environment  Aramis Group expects to see positive organic growth in the volume of its B2C refurbished vehicle sales  combined with a positive adjusted EBITDANicolas Chartier and Guillaume Paoli  co-founders3 of Aramis Group:“In an uncertain market environment  Aramis Group recorded an encouraging performance during the first part of 2023  continuing to move forward with its roadmap for growth  while returning to profitability. Its teams once again showed outstanding dedication to adjust the mix of vehicles offered locally  ensuring close alignment with each market’s expectations  in addition to providing individualized support for each customer  which has been a key feature of the Group since it was created more than 20 years ago. The integration of our two new business units is also progressing well. Onlinecars’ inventory has already been reduced by nearly €13 million  while brumbrum’s operations have been started up again and its teams resized. Aramis Group will continue to show a high level of discipline over the coming quarters. Automotive market trends are still uncertain  with a supply-side normalization underway and continued demand from customers for quality refurbished vehicles  but with more restricted budgets. Price levels have stabilized  or began to drop slightly over the last few months  but are still at high levels and far away from the 2019 figures. In this context  we are still confident that Aramis Group will be able to continue building on the good trend from the first half of the year and specifically achieve positive adjusted EBITDA for the full fiscal year 2023”.2023 FIRST-HALF ACTIVITYDuring the first half of 2023  ended March 31  the Group recorded revenues of €940.8 million  up +7.8% from the first half of 2022. For the 2022 scope  i.e. excluding the acquisitions in Austria and Italy  revenues are virtually stable.In an uncertain market environment  in which the number of used vehicle registrations is down  Aramis Group was able to maintain a positive trend for its B2C refurbished vehicle sales  thanks to the rigorous selection of the cars offered to its customers and the attractive prices applied. Alongside this  the effective management of its operating costs  thanks in particular to its unique vertical integration across the entire value chain  enabled it to move EBITDA back into profitable territory again.Overview of volumes and revenues2023 first-half B2C volumesIn units Reported basis H1 2023 H1 2022 Change (%) Refurbished cars 38 579 33 385 +15.6% Pre-registered cars 5 413 7 832 -30.9% Total B2C volumes 43 992 41 217 +6.7%2023 first-half revenuesBy segmentIn million of euros Reported basis H1 2023 H1 2022 Change (%) Refurbished cars 681.0 575.0 +18.4% Pre-registered cars 102.3 151.3 -32.4% Total B2C 783.3 726.4 +7.8% Total B2B 106.0 99.5 +6.6% Total services 51.4 46.7 +10.2% Revenues 940.8 872.6 +7.8%By countryIn million of euros Reported basis H1 2023 H1 2022 Change (%) France 387.0 359.2 +7.7% Belgium 120.8 116.4 +3.8% Spain 182.1 187.0 -2.6% United Kingdom 177.6 210.0 -15.4% Austria 68.1 - - Italy 5.1 - - Revenues 940.8 872.6 +7.8%Analysis of revenues by segmentB2C – sales of cars to private customers (83% of revenues)Revenues for the B2C segment – corresponding to sales of refurbished and pre-registered cars to private customers – came to €783.3 million for the first half of 2023  up +7.8% from the first half of 2022 on a reported basis. For the 2022 scope  i.e. excluding the acquisitions in Austria and Italy  B2C segment revenues are virtually stable.Revenues for the refurbished cars segment totaled €681.0 million  up +18.4% compared with the first half of 2022 on a reported basis and +7.0% for the 2022 scope. A total of 38 579 vehicles were delivered  achieving +15.6% growth compared with the first half of 2022. For the 2022 scope  the volumes are up +4.9%  significantly outperforming the change in the market for used vehicles less than eight years old  which came to -9% on average for Aramis Group’s geographies over the same period.This latest outperformance highlights the relevance of the models selected by Aramis Group for its customers across Europe  thanks to its fine-grained understanding of consumers’ expectations and its diversified sourcing network  combined with competitive pricing and unrivaled warranties on the market made possible by its refurbishing activity and effective management. To support this growth around healthy and sustainable foundations  the Group also launched a new refurbishing center in the UK during the first half of 2023. Located in Hull  Yorkshire  this new 15 000 sq.m center includes a dedicated 4 800 sq.m refurbishing building and is Aramis Group’s eighth industrial-scale vehicle refurbishing site in Europe.Revenues for the pre-registered cars segment came to €102.3 million  with a marked contraction of-32.4% versus the first half of 2022. This change is linked exclusively to the 2022 scope  as only Aramis Group’s French and Belgian subsidiaries sell pre-registered vehicles. 5 413 units were sold during the first half of 2023  down -30.9% compared with the first half of 2022  which represented a high basis for comparison. For reference  the major difficulties experienced with sourcing pre-registered vehicles and  as a result  the significant contractions in Aramis Group’s sales were primarily recorded during the second half of 2022.However  compared with the second half of 2022  the volumes of pre-registered cars sold during the first half of 2023 show a very encouraging upturn of +19.9%  confirming that this market’s low point has been passed.B2B – sales of cars to professional customers (11% of revenues)Revenues for the B2B segment climbed to €106.0 million during the first half of 2023  driven by +6.6% growth compared with the first half of 2022. For reference  this activity’s development reflects the pricing trends on the market and the sourcing of vehicles from private owners  some of which are resold to professionals (mainly vehicles over eight years old or 150 000 km).Services (6% of revenues)Services generated €51.4 million of revenues during the first half of 2023  up +10.2% compared with the first half of 2022. The penetration rate for financing solutions is still at a satisfactory level despite the rise in interest rates  reaching an average of 47% over the period. The level of penetration for extended warranty contracts also shows a positive trend  confirming the relevance of Aramis Group’s strategy to continuously enhance its range of services.Update on the integration underway for Onlinecars and brumbrumThe integration of the two companies acquired in Austria and Italy at the end of the 2022 calendar year is moving forward and further consolidate Aramis Group’s presence and leading position in Europe.For Onlinecars  the Austrian market leader for refurbished vehicle sales  the key areas for work are focused on reducing inventory levels  generating synergies by pooling the Group’s tools and practices  and rationalizing activities by further strengthening the digital culture in particular. In terms of inventory  extensive work has already been carried out  achieving a reduction of nearly 13 million since the company was acquired at the start of October 2022. Work is continuing to further improve inventory rotation and bring it gradually into line with Aramis Group’s standards.For brumbrum  the priorities are clearly to start activities up again and to rebuild a complete  motivated and qualified team. Aramis Group is adopting a cautious and rational integration approach  looking to move forward with its operations while returning as quickly as possible to a profitable position and limiting cash consumption in the meantime.INCOME STATEMENTThe income statement for the period highlights three key developments: 1/ the good business trends independently from the still complex market context  2/ the solidity of the gross profit per unit generated on each vehicle sold  highlighting the robustness of Aramis Group’s business model  3/ the effective management of overheads  enabling the Group to return to a positive adjusted EBITDA.Condensed income statementIn million of euros Reported basis H1 2023 H1 2022 Change (%) Revenues 940.8 872.6 +7.8% Gross margin 95.3 95.2 +0.0% Gross profit per B2C vehicle sold - GPU (€) 2 166 2 311 -6.3% Adjusted EBITDA 1.0 2.9 -66.2% Operating income (7.8) (17.9) -56.3% Net profit (loss) (12.6) (20.3) -38.0%Gross profitFor the first half of 2023  the gross profit came to €95.3 million  stable compared with the first half of 2022. The gross profit per unit generated per B2C vehicle sold (GPU) came to €2 166  in line with Aramis Group’s target of €2 150  despite the dilutive impact of the inclusion of the companies acquired in Austria and Italy in the basis for consolidation. Moreover  this GPU is a benchmark for listed players in Europe  reflecting the Group’s effective management and expertise across all the links in the value chain  built up since it was founded 22 years ago.Adjusted EBITDAAdjusted EBITDA for the first half of 2023 came to €1.0 million on a reported basis  with a headline contraction of -66.2% compared with the first half of 2022. However  for the 2022 scope  it came to€3.5 million  up +21.2% compared with the €2.9 million generated during the first half of 2022 for this same scope  with the company acquired in Austria close to breaking even on its operations  while the company in Italy has recorded negative EBITDA of -€2.5 million since it was acquired.In response to the uncertain market context  Aramis Group has focused more than ever on discipline with the management of its sales  general and administrative costs (SG&A). They totaled €94.3 million for the first half of 2023  up +2.1% compared with the first half of 2022 on a reported basis and down -5.2% for the 2022 scope. Within this amount  marketing costs represent €15.0 million  with a significant decrease of -29.2%  following Aramis Group’s decision to adapt its brand building and traffic acquisition strategy to the market environment. Personnel expenses recognized in SG&A came to €48.5 million  up +14.6% compared with the first half of 2022 on a reported basis  reflecting the impact of the integration of the new subsidiaries. Vehicle delivery costs came to €13.5 million  with a slight drop of -1.2% on a reported basis despite the increase in the volumes sold  with the Group carrying out work to rationalize some of its logistics flows. Lastly  other SG&A  which include overheads and head office costs  represent€17.3 million  up +14.0% compared with the first half of 2022 on a reported basis  once again linked mainly to the impact of the integration of the new subsidiaries.Operating incomeOperating income for the first half of 2023 totaled -€7.8 million. This amount includes -€5.3 million of personnel expenses relating to acquisitions  -€2.0 million of transaction-related costs and -€14.9 million of depreciation charges. It also includes restructuring costs  linked primarily to the turnaround of brumbrum for -€0.7 million  as well as a fair value surplus (badwill) of +€15.0 million  reflecting this company’s acquisition for a symbolic price.Net profit (loss)The net loss for the first half of 2023 came to -€12.6 million. It factors in -€5.8 million of financial income and expenses  primarily including -€2.4 million for the cost of net financial debt  -€1.9 million of financial expenses on lease liabilities (IFRS 16)  and -€1.7 million of other financial expenses linked mainly to the cancellation of a local credit line in connection with brumbrum’s integration. Aramis Group also recorded a €1.0 million tax receivable over the period.CASH FLOW AND FINANCIAL STRUCTURECash consumption relating to operations was largely kept effectively under control during the first half of 2023  thanks in particular to strict control over vehicle inventory levels. Cash flow relating to investments reflects the capex for the period  aiming to develop new refurbishing capacity and the Group’s digital ecosystem  as well as the payments made to acquire subsidiaries.Inventory and operating working capital requirementsIn million of euros Reported basis Mar 31  2023 Sep 30  2022 Change (€mn) Inventories 246.0 184.8 +61.2 Trade receivables 35.4 36.1 -0.7 Other current assets (excl. non-operational items) 34.8 27.6 +7.2 Trade payables 56.6 50.2 +6.4 Other current liabilities (excl. non-operational items) 61.2 46.3 +14.8 Other items 2.8 2.3 +0.6 Operating working capital requirements 195.7 149.7 +46.0 Non-cash effect of changes in the scope of consolidation (46.5) - - Operating working capital requirements cash effect 149.1 149.7 -0.6Inventory represented €246.0 million at March 31  2023  with this €61.2 million increase versusSeptember 30  2022 linked for around €40 million to the inclusion of the new subsidiaries in Aramis Group’s basis for consolidation. The Group focused specifically on limiting the seasonal increase in inventory for its previous scope with a view to keeping them at levels that are closely aligned with demand and ensuring the quality of its gross profit levels per unit.The acquisition of the new business units in Austria and Italy is reflected in a change in the basis for consolidation. The impact of these inclusions in the scope on operating working capital requirements represented €46.5 million. The cash impact of the change in operating working capital requirements over the period was negligible at -€0.6 million. The level of operating working capital requirements atMarch 31  2023 represents 37 days of revenues based on the last rolling 12-month reported revenues  compared with 31 days at September 30  2022 and 48 days at March 31  2022.Cash positionIn million of euros Reported basis Mar 31  2023 Net debt at period-start 18.4 Adjusted EBITDA +1.0 Change in operating working capital requirements (cash effect) -0.6 Personnel expenses relating to acquisitions -1.6 Other operation-related cash flow -5.4 Subtotal cash flows from operating activities -6.6 Capex -10.2 Acquisitions of subsidiaries (excl. fees) -27.2 Other investment-related cash flow +0.5 Sub-total cash flows from investing activities -36.8 Interest paid -1.3 Lease charges (IFRS 16 - interest and capital) -8.2 Other financing-related cash flow (excl. issuing and repayment of borrowings) -1.4 Sub-total cash flows from financing activities -10.8 Other financing-related cash flow without any impact on cash -37.5 Net debt at period-end 110.1Net debt at March 31  2023 represented €110.1 million  up €91.7 million compared withSeptember 30  2022. This change factors in €66.7 million for the scope effect relating to the two companies acquired  with €27.2 million paid out to buy Onlinecars and brumbrum (in addition to€2.0 million of costs linked to carrying out these operations) and €37.5 million for the consolidation of the debt recorded on the balance sheets of these companies when they were acquired.Cash consumption relating to operations over the period was extremely limited at -€6.6 million  as well as the level relating to investments (excluding acquisitions of subsidiaries)  with -€10.2 million of capex  representing around 1% of revenues in line with the Group’s commitments. Lastly  financing-related cash consumption totaled -€10.8 million  primarily including IFRS 16 lease charges and interest paid over the period.The Group’s balance sheet positions are under control  with Aramis Group benefiting from around€170 million of undrawn credit lines without any conditions at March 31  2023.OUTLOOKThe European automotive market is currently characterized by various trends and dynamics  which make it complex to analyze its development in the short term.In terms of supply  the availability of vehicles is improving each month as the normalization of new vehicle production by manufacturers is progressing. This trend is also benefiting the market for used vehicles  as short and long-term rental companies are now better positioned to renew their vehicle fleets.In terms of demand  new vehicle registrations  despite +18% average growth across Aramis Group’s geographies for the first half of 2023 compared with the same period in 2022  are still significantly lower than their pre-crisis levels (-21% versus the first half of 2019). Registrations of used vehicles that are less than eight years old4  Aramis Group’s core target  are down in different proportions depending on the country  contracting by an average of -8% for the Group’s six geographies during the first half of 2023 compared with 2022 (-9% for the 2022 scope) and coming in -19% lower than the first half of 2019.As a result of these market balances  in all the Continental European countries  used vehicle prices have stabilized or decreased slightly since the end of the 2022 calendar year.In this context  the Group is able to refine its full-year objectives for 2023 (excluding a further deterioration in the macroeconomic environment):positive organic growth in its volumes of B2C refurbished vehicles sold;positive adjusted EBITDA.Over the coming quarters  Aramis Group will maintain a high level of discipline and will continue to focus on adjusting its offering to ensure close alignment with its customers’ needs  looking to select vehicles with more mileage and lower prices  and to continue offering them the best value for money thanks to the effective management of its competitive advantages.Over the medium term  in view of the size of the used vehicles market  its significant fragmentation in all European countries  and Aramis Group’s very strong value proposition within this market through quality refurbished vehicles with affordable pricing and alignment with a circular economy approach  the Group is able to once again confirm its confidence in its considerable potential for market share gains.***Status of the statutory auditors’ procedures:During its meeting on May 24  2023  Aramis Group’s Board of Directors approved the consolidated financial statements for the first half of FY 2023  ended March 31  2023. The procedures for a limited review of these accounts have been completed. The statutory auditors’ report on the half-year financial information is in the process of being issued.Next financial information:2023 third-quarter activity: July 17  2023 (after market close)About Aramis Group – www.aramis.groupAramis Group is the European leader for B2C online used car sales and operates in six countries. A fast-growing group  an e-commerce expert and a vehicle refurbishing pioneer  Aramis Group takes action each day for more sustainable mobility with an offering that is part of the circular economy. Founded in 2001  it has been revolutionizing its market for over 20 years  focused on ensuring the satisfaction of its customers and capitalizing on digital technology and employee engagement to create value for all its stakeholders. With full-year revenues now on track to reach €2 billion  Aramis Group sells more than 90 000 vehicles B2C and welcomes around 80 million visitors across all its digital platforms each year. The Group employs around 2 400 people and has eight industrial-scale refurbishing sites throughout Europe. Aramis Group is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment B (Ticker: ARAMI – ISIN: FR0014003U94).DisclaimerCertain information included in this press release is not historical data but forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and assumptions  including  but not limited to  assumptions about current and future business strategies and the environment in which Aramis Group operates  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which may cause actual results or performance  or the results or other events  to be materially different from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those discussed or identified in Chapter 3 “Risk Factors” of the Universal Registration Document dated January 18  2023  approved by the AMF under number R. 23-002 and available on the Group’s website (www.aramis.group) and on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org). These forward-looking statements and information are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. This press release does not contain or constitute an offer of securities or an invitation or inducement to invest in securities in France  the United States or any other jurisdiction.Investors contactAlexandre LeroyHead of Investor Relations Financing and Cash Managementalexandre.leroy@aramis.group+33 (0)6 58 80 50 24APPENDICESNet profit and lossIn € thousands H1 2022-2023 H1 2021-2022 Revenue 940 800 872 598 Cost of goods and services sold (795 188) (735 108) Other purchases and external expenses (76 049) (79 927) Taxes other than income tax (3 747) (3 088) Personnel expenses (64 083) (52 036) Personnel expenses relating to acquisitions (5 289) (8 666) Provisions and impairment loss on current assets (2 439) (731) Transaction-related costs (1 986) (815) Other operating income 747 82 Other operating expenses (708) (129) Operating income before depreciation and amortisation (7 942) (7 819) Depreciation and amortisation relating to PP&E and intangible assets (7 703) (4 953) Depreciation of right-of-use assets (7 200) (5 148) Gain on a bargain purchase 15 015 - Operating income (expense) (7 831) (17 920) Cost of net debt (2 409) (914) Interest expenses on lease liabilities (1 934) (783) Other financial income 239 410 Other financial expenses (1 685) (281) Net financial income (expenses) (5 789) (1 568) Profit (loss) before tax (13 620) (19 488) Income tax 1 037 (798) Profit (loss) (12 584) (20 286) Attributable to owners of the Company (12 584) (20 286) Attributable to non-controlling interests - -Statement of financial positionIn € thousands Mar 31  2023 Sep 30  2022 Goodwill 63 640 44 264 Other intangible assets 60 865 52 759 Property  plant and equipment 42 784 26 080 Right-of-use assets 95 682 75 842 Other non-current financial assets  including derivatives 1 118 1 078 Deferred tax assets 3 191 2 636 Non-current assets 267 280 202 658 Inventories 246 035 184 825 Assets sold with a buy-back commitment 6 096 6 716 Trade receivables 35 410 36 128 Current tax receivables 568 1 190 Other current assets 37 943 29 396 Cash and cash equivalents 36 538 58 243 Current assets 362 591 316 498 Total assets 629 871 519 156 Share capital 1 657 1 657 Additional paid-in capital 271 165 271 162 Reserves (59 864) (464) Effect of changes in exchange rate (1 070) (1 358) Profit (loss) attributable to owners of the Company (12 584) (60 226) Total equity attributable to owners of the Company 199 304 210 771 Participations ne donnant pas le contrôle - - Total Equity 199 304 210 771 Non-current financial liabilities 40 872 13 812 Non-current lease liabilities 83 180 66 620 Non-current provisions 1 247 1 573 Deferred tax liabilities 8 485 8 126 Non-current personnel liabilities associated to current acquisitions 17 087 12 257 Other non-current liabilities 2 969 2 700 Non-current liabilities 153 839 105 088 Current financial liabilities 119 686 76 644 Current lease liabilities 14 514 10 181 Current provisions 4 931 2 771 Trade payables 56 556 50 170 Current tax liabilities 689 283 Current personnel liabilities associated to current acquisitions 500 1 591 Other current liabilities 79 852 61 657 Current liabilities 276 728 203 296 Total Equity and liabilities 629 871 519 156Cash flow statementIn € thousands H1 2022-2023 H1 2021-2022 Profit (loss) for the period (12 584) (20 286) Depreciation  amortisation and provisions 15 672 10 326 Income tax (1 037) 798 Net financial income and expenses 5 789 1 568 Gain on a bargain purchase (15 015) - Items reclassifed under cash from investing activities 24 (17) Expenses relating to share-based payments 935 1 259 Change in personnel expenses relating to acquisitions 3 698 6 654 Change in working capital (4 722) (83 379) Income tax paid 635 (603) Net cash from (used in) operating activities (6 604) (83 680) Acquisition of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (10 164) (12 130) Proceeds from disposals of assets 543 51 Change in loans and other financial assets (24) 135 Acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (2 457) (186) Intérêts reçus 9 - Net cash from (used in) investing activities (12 094) (12 130) Capital increase (decrease) 2 124 Proceeds from borrowings 48 148 57 690 Repayment of borrowings (47 664) (35 843) Purchase/sale of treasury shares (38) (461) Interest paid (3 224) (1 478) Other financial expenses paid and income received (1 506) 91 Net cash from (used in) financing activities (4 281) 20 124 Effect of changes in exchange rate 59 18 Net change in cash (22 919) (75 669) Cash and cash equivalents at opening 55 354 106 307 Cash and cash equivalents at close 32 435 30 639Reconciliation of gross profit per unit (GPU)In million of euros Reported basis H1 2023 H1 2022 Change (%) Revenues 941 873 +7.8% Cost of goods and services sold (795) (735) +8.2% Gross profit (consolidated data) 146 137 +5.9% Cost of transport and refurbishing (50) (42) +19.1% Gross profit 95 95 +0.0% Number of B2C vehicles sold (units) 43 992 41 217 +6.7% Gross profit per unit of B2C vehicle sold – GPU (€) 2 166 2 311 -6.3%Reconciliation of adjusted EBITDAIn thousands of euros Reported basis H1 2023 H1 2022 Change (%) Operating income before depreciation and amortization (7 942) (7 819) +1.6% Personnel expenses related to share-based payments 935 1 259 -25.8% Personnel expenses related to acquisitions 5 289 8 666 -39.0% Transaction-related costs 1 986 815 +143.6% Restructuring costs 723 - - Adjusted EBITDA 990 2 921 -66.1%Breakdown of operating working capital requirementsIn thousands of euros Reported basis Mar 31  2023 Sep 30  2022 Inventories 246 035 184 825 Trade receivables 35 410 36 128 Trade payables (56 556) (50 170) Other current assets 37 943 29 396 Restatements relating to other current assets: - Social security and personnel-related receivables (234) (174) - Tax receivables other than those related to VAT (361) (114) - Other items not related to operating working capital (2 549) (1 524) Other current liabilities (79 423) (61 657) Restatements relating to other current liabilities: - Social security liabilities 16 190 13 615 - Tax liabilities other than those related to VAT 1 145 1 150 - Debt on securities acquisition 100 100 - Items under “other liabilities” not related to conversion premiums and environmental bonuses 826 487 Prepaid income - non-current (2 836) (2 271) Operating working capital requirements (A) 195 690 149 791 Revenues over last 12 months (B) 1 932 003 1 768 856 Operating working capital requirements expressed in days of revenues (A/B multiplied by 365) 37 31Reconciliation of net debt with net financial debt under IFRSIn thousands of euros Reported basis Mar 31  2023 Sep 30  2022 Bank loans and borrowings (incl. RCF) 60 007 18 668 Other financial liabilities 82 576 55 087 Bank overdrafts 4 103 2 889 Cash and cash equivalents (36 538) (58 243) Net financial debt 110 148 18 401 Lease liabilities 97 694 76 800 Liabilities relating to minority shareholder put options 13 871 13 812 IFRS net financial debt 221 713 109 0131 Net Promoter Score2 Source: Autoactu  Ganvam  Traxio.be  SMMT  Aramis Group - Total B2C & C2C used passenger car market below 8 years for the 4 historical countries of Aramis Group  namely France  Spain  Belgium and United Kingdom3 Nicolas Chartier is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company  and Guillaume Paoli is Deputy Chief Executive Officer  based on a two-year rotation4 B2C and C2CAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.83,0.06,0.11,True,English,"['Aramis Group', '2023 first-half results', 'operating working capital requirements', 'two new business units', 'B2C refurbished vehicle sales', 'profitable growth strategy Results', 'Balance sheet positions', 'entire value chain', 'new market balances', 'disciplined cost management', 'Automotive market trends', 'positive organic growth', 'uncertain market environment', 'full fiscal year', 'unique vertical integration', 'positive adjusted EBITDA', 'Very high levels', 'rigorous inventory management', 'Total B2C volumes', '2023 first-half B2C volumes', 'last six months', '2023 first-half results', 'operating costs', 'profitable territory', 'refurbished vehicles', 'positive trend', 'vehicle registrations', 'macroeconomic environment', 'effective management', 'Onlinecars’ inventory', 'rigorous selection', 'car market', 'Price levels', 'Total services', '2023 FIRST-HALF ACTIVITY', 'market context', 'English French', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'first half', 'financial year', 'best prices', 'clear outperformance', 'second half', 'Gross profit', 'dilutive impact', 'Austrian company', 'Italian company', 'negative EBITDA', 'credit lines', '2023 full-year guidance', 'Nicolas Chartier', 'Guillaume Paoli', 'encouraging performance', 'first part', 'close alignment', 'individualized support', 'key feature', 'coming quarters', 'supply-side normalization', 'restricted budgets', 'good trend', 'attractive prices', 'Aramis Group', 'customer satisfaction', 'registered cars', '2023 first-half revenues', 'historical scope', 'outstanding dedication', 'quality vehicles', '+19.9% growth', '2022 scope', 'Arcueil', 'May', 'Return', 'March', 'September', 'acquisitions', 'NPS', 'teams', 'responsiveness', 'Italy', 'Upturn', 'GPU', 'adaptation', 'operations', 'control', 'subsidiaries', '37 days', 'conditions', 'event', 'deterioration', 'founders3', 'roadmap', 'profitability', 'mix', 'expectations', 'addition', 'brumbrum', 'demand', 'customers', '2019 figures', 'number', 'Overview', 'Change', 'segment', 'million', 'euros', 'B2B', 'country', 'basis']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,globenewswire.com
25344,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARAMIS-GROUP-123528737/news/Aramis-Group-2023-first-half-results-43938040/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230524,Aramis Group - 2023 first-half results,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Arcueil  May 24  2023 2023 first-half resultsReturn to positive adjusted EBITDAMoving forward with the profitable growth strategy Results at March 31  2023  first half of the financial year ending September 30  2023 Revenues…,Aramis Group - 2023 first-half results 05/24/2023 | 12:02pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields PRESS RELEASE Arcueil  May 24  2023 2023 first-half resultsReturn to positive adjusted EBITDAMoving forward with the profitable growth strategy Results at March 31  2023  first half of the financial year ending September 30  2023 Revenues of €940.8 million  up +7.8% compared with the first half of 2022  and stable excluding the acquisitionsVery high levels of customer satisfaction maintained (NPS 1 of 70) thanks to the dedication shown by its teams and the Group’s responsiveness to continue offering quality vehicles at the best prices despite the market contextof 70) thanks to the dedication shown by its teams and the Group’s responsiveness to continue offering quality vehicles at the best prices despite the market context Volumes of refurbished vehicles sold up +15.6% from the first half of 2022  with +4.9% excluding the acquisitions in Austria and Italy  a clear outperformance compared to the used car market  which declined by -9% 2Upturn in the volumes of pre-registered cars sold over the last six months  with +19.9% growth compared with the second half of 2022  although this level is still -30.9% lower than the first half of 2022Gross profit per vehicle sold (GPU) at a high level of €2 166  in line with the €2 150 targeted by Aramis Group  despite the dilutive impact of the acquisitions in Austria and ItalyAdjusted EBITDA positive with +€1.0 million  benefiting from Aramis Group’s adaptation to the new market balances and its disciplined cost management. For the 2022 scope  adjusted EBITDA came to +€3.5 million  with the operations of the Austrian company acquired close to break even and the Italian company recording a negative EBITDA of -€2.5 million since it was acquiredBalance sheet positions under control  with rigorous inventory management both for the historical scope and for newly acquired subsidiaries  the effective management of operating working capital requirements (37 days of revenues)  and around €170 million of undrawn credit lines without any conditions at March 31  20232023 full-year guidance refined: except in the event of a further deterioration in the macroeconomic environment  Aramis Group expects to see positive organic growth in the volume of its B2C refurbished vehicle sales  combined with a positive adjusted EBITDA Nicolas Chartier and Guillaume Paoli  co-founders3 of Aramis Group:“In an uncertain market environment  Aramis Group recorded an encouraging performance during the first part of 2023  continuing to move forward with its roadmap for growth  while returning to profitability. Its teams once again showed outstanding dedication to adjust the mix of vehicles offered locally  ensuring close alignment with each market’s expectations  in addition to providing individualized support for each customer  which has been a key feature of the Group since it was created more than 20 years ago. The integration of our two new business units is also progressing well. Onlinecars’ inventory has already been reduced by nearly €13 million  while brumbrum’s operations have been started up again and its teams resized. Aramis Group will continue to show a high level of discipline over the coming quarters. Automotive market trends are still uncertain  with a supply-side normalization underway and continued demand from customers for quality refurbished vehicles  but with more restricted budgets. Price levels have stabilized  or began to drop slightly over the last few months  but are still at high levels and far away from the 2019 figures. In this context  we are still confident that Aramis Group will be able to continue building on the good trend from the first half of the year and specifically achieve positive adjusted EBITDA for the full fiscal year 2023”. 2023 FIRST-HALF ACTIVITY During the first half of 2023  ended March 31  the Group recorded revenues of €940.8 million  up +7.8% from the first half of 2022. For the 2022 scope  i.e. excluding the acquisitions in Austria and Italy  revenues are virtually stable. In an uncertain market environment  in which the number of used vehicle registrations is down  Aramis Group was able to maintain a positive trend for its B2C refurbished vehicle sales  thanks to the rigorous selection of the cars offered to its customers and the attractive prices applied. Alongside this  the effective management of its operating costs  thanks in particular to its unique vertical integration across the entire value chain  enabled it to move EBITDA back into profitable territory again. Overview of volumes and revenues 2023 first-half B2C volumes In units Reported basis H1 2023 H1 2022 Change (%) Refurbished cars 38 579 33 385 +15.6% Pre-registered cars 5 413 7 832 -30.9% Total B2C volumes 43 992 41 217 +6.7% 2023 first-half revenues By segment In million of euros Reported basis H1 2023 H1 2022 Change (%) Refurbished cars 681.0 575.0 +18.4% Pre-registered cars 102.3 151.3 -32.4% Total B2C 783.3 726.4 +7.8% Total B2B 106.0 99.5 +6.6% Total services 51.4 46.7 +10.2% Revenues 940.8 872.6 +7.8% By country In million of euros Reported basis H1 2023 H1 2022 Change (%) France 387.0 359.2 +7.7% Belgium 120.8 116.4 +3.8% Spain 182.1 187.0 -2.6% United Kingdom 177.6 210.0 -15.4% Austria 68.1 - - Italy 5.1 - - Revenues 940.8 872.6 +7.8% Analysis of revenues by segment B2C – sales of cars to private customers (83% of revenues) Revenues for the B2C segment – corresponding to sales of refurbished and pre-registered cars to private customers – came to €783.3 million for the first half of 2023  up +7.8% from the first half of 2022 on a reported basis. For the 2022 scope  i.e. excluding the acquisitions in Austria and Italy  B2C segment revenues are virtually stable. Revenues for the refurbished cars segment totaled €681.0 million  up +18.4% compared with the first half of 2022 on a reported basis and +7.0% for the 2022 scope. A total of 38 579 vehicles were delivered  achieving +15.6% growth compared with the first half of 2022. For the 2022 scope  the volumes are up +4.9%  significantly outperforming the change in the market for used vehicles less than eight years old  which came to -9% on average for Aramis Group’s geographies over the same period.This latest outperformance highlights the relevance of the models selected by Aramis Group for its customers across Europe  thanks to its fine-grained understanding of consumers’ expectations and its diversified sourcing network  combined with competitive pricing and unrivaled warranties on the market made possible by its refurbishing activity and effective management. To support this growth around healthy and sustainable foundations  the Group also launched a new refurbishing center in the UK during the first half of 2023. Located in Hull  Yorkshire  this new 15 000 sq.m center includes a dedicated 4 800 sq.m refurbishing building and is Aramis Group’s eighth industrial-scale vehicle refurbishing site in Europe.Revenues for the pre-registered cars segment came to €102.3 million  with a marked contraction of-32.4% versus the first half of 2022. This change is linked exclusively to the 2022 scope  as only Aramis Group’s French and Belgian subsidiaries sell pre-registered vehicles. 5 413 units were sold during the first half of 2023  down -30.9% compared with the first half of 2022  which represented a high basis for comparison. For reference  the major difficulties experienced with sourcing pre-registered vehicles and  as a result  the significant contractions in Aramis Group’s sales were primarily recorded during the second half of 2022.However  compared with the second half of 2022  the volumes of pre-registered cars sold during the first half of 2023 show a very encouraging upturn of +19.9%  confirming that this market’s low point has been passed. B2B – sales of cars to professional customers (11% of revenues) Revenues for the B2B segment climbed to €106.0 million during the first half of 2023  driven by +6.6% growth compared with the first half of 2022. For reference  this activity’s development reflects the pricing trends on the market and the sourcing of vehicles from private owners  some of which are resold to professionals (mainly vehicles over eight years old or 150 000 km). Services (6% of revenues) Services generated €51.4 million of revenues during the first half of 2023  up +10.2% compared with the first half of 2022. The penetration rate for financing solutions is still at a satisfactory level despite the rise in interest rates  reaching an average of 47% over the period. The level of penetration for extended warranty contracts also shows a positive trend  confirming the relevance of Aramis Group’s strategy to continuously enhance its range of services. Update on the integration underway for Onlinecars and brumbrum The integration of the two companies acquired in Austria and Italy at the end of the 2022 calendar year is moving forward and further consolidate Aramis Group’s presence and leading position in Europe. For Onlinecars  the Austrian market leader for refurbished vehicle sales  the key areas for work are focused on reducing inventory levels  generating synergies by pooling the Group’s tools and practices  and rationalizing activities by further strengthening the digital culture in particular. In terms of inventory  extensive work has already been carried out  achieving a reduction of nearly 13 million since the company was acquired at the start of October 2022. Work is continuing to further improve inventory rotation and bring it gradually into line with Aramis Group’s standards. For brumbrum  the priorities are clearly to start activities up again and to rebuild a complete  motivated and qualified team. Aramis Group is adopting a cautious and rational integration approach  looking to move forward with its operations while returning as quickly as possible to a profitable position and limiting cash consumption in the meantime. INCOME STATEMENT The income statement for the period highlights three key developments: 1/ the good business trends independently from the still complex market context  2/ the solidity of the gross profit per unit generated on each vehicle sold  highlighting the robustness of Aramis Group’s business model  3/ the effective management of overheads  enabling the Group to return to a positive adjusted EBITDA. Condensed income statement In million of euros Reported basis H1 2023 H1 2022 Change (%) Revenues 940.8 872.6 +7.8% Gross margin 95.3 95.2 +0.0% Gross profit per B2C vehicle sold - GPU (€) 2 166 2 311 -6.3% Adjusted EBITDA 1.0 2.9 -66.2% Operating income (7.8) (17.9) -56.3% Net profit (loss) (12.6) (20.3) -38.0% Gross profit For the first half of 2023  the gross profit came to €95.3 million  stable compared with the first half of 2022. The gross profit per unit generated per B2C vehicle sold (GPU) came to €2 166  in line with Aramis Group’s target of €2 150  despite the dilutive impact of the inclusion of the companies acquired in Austria and Italy in the basis for consolidation. Moreover  this GPU is a benchmark for listed players in Europe  reflecting the Group’s effective management and expertise across all the links in the value chain  built up since it was founded 22 years ago. Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA for the first half of 2023 came to €1.0 million on a reported basis  with a headline contraction of -66.2% compared with the first half of 2022. However  for the 2022 scope  it came to€3.5 million  up +21.2% compared with the €2.9 million generated during the first half of 2022 for this same scope  with the company acquired in Austria close to breaking even on its operations  while the company in Italy has recorded negative EBITDA of -€2.5 million since it was acquired. In response to the uncertain market context  Aramis Group has focused more than ever on discipline with the management of its sales  general and administrative costs (SG&A). They totaled €94.3 million for the first half of 2023  up +2.1% compared with the first half of 2022 on a reported basis and down -5.2% for the 2022 scope. Within this amount  marketing costs represent €15.0 million  with a significant decrease of -29.2%  following Aramis Group’s decision to adapt its brand building and traffic acquisition strategy to the market environment. Personnel expenses recognized in SG&A came to €48.5 million  up +14.6% compared with the first half of 2022 on a reported basis  reflecting the impact of the integration of the new subsidiaries. Vehicle delivery costs came to €13.5 million  with a slight drop of -1.2% on a reported basis despite the increase in the volumes sold  with the Group carrying out work to rationalize some of its logistics flows. Lastly  other SG&A  which include overheads and head office costs  represent€17.3 million  up +14.0% compared with the first half of 2022 on a reported basis  once again linked mainly to the impact of the integration of the new subsidiaries. Operating income Operating income for the first half of 2023 totaled -€7.8 million. This amount includes -€5.3 million of personnel expenses relating to acquisitions  -€2.0 million of transaction-related costs and -€14.9 million of depreciation charges. It also includes restructuring costs  linked primarily to the turnaround of brumbrum for -€0.7 million  as well as a fair value surplus (badwill) of +€15.0 million  reflecting this company’s acquisition for a symbolic price. Net profit (loss) The net loss for the first half of 2023 came to -€12.6 million. It factors in -€5.8 million of financial income and expenses  primarily including -€2.4 million for the cost of net financial debt  -€1.9 million of financial expenses on lease liabilities (IFRS 16)  and -€1.7 million of other financial expenses linked mainly to the cancellation of a local credit line in connection with brumbrum’s integration. Aramis Group also recorded a €1.0 million tax receivable over the period. CASH FLOW AND FINANCIAL STRUCTURE Cash consumption relating to operations was largely kept effectively under control during the first half of 2023  thanks in particular to strict control over vehicle inventory levels. Cash flow relating to investments reflects the capex for the period  aiming to develop new refurbishing capacity and the Group’s digital ecosystem  as well as the payments made to acquire subsidiaries. Inventory and operating working capital requirements In million of euros Reported basis Mar 31  2023 Sep 30  2022 Change (€mn) Inventories 246.0 184.8 +61.2 Trade receivables 35.4 36.1 -0.7 Other current assets (excl. non-operational items) 34.8 27.6 +7.2 Trade payables 56.6 50.2 +6.4 Other current liabilities (excl. non-operational items) 61.2 46.3 +14.8 Other items 2.8 2.3 +0.6 Operating working capital requirements 195.7 149.7 +46.0 Non-cash effect of changes in the scope of consolidation (46.5) - - Operating working capital requirements cash effect 149.1 149.7 -0.6 Inventory represented €246.0 million at March 31  2023  with this €61.2 million increase versusSeptember 30  2022 linked for around €40 million to the inclusion of the new subsidiaries in Aramis Group’s basis for consolidation. The Group focused specifically on limiting the seasonal increase in inventory for its previous scope with a view to keeping them at levels that are closely aligned with demand and ensuring the quality of its gross profit levels per unit.The acquisition of the new business units in Austria and Italy is reflected in a change in the basis for consolidation. The impact of these inclusions in the scope on operating working capital requirements represented €46.5 million. The cash impact of the change in operating working capital requirements over the period was negligible at -€0.6 million. The level of operating working capital requirements atMarch 31  2023 represents 37 days of revenues based on the last rolling 12-month reported revenues  compared with 31 days at September 30  2022 and 48 days at March 31  2022. Cash position In million of euros Reported basis Mar 31  2023 Net debt at period-start 18.4 Adjusted EBITDA +1.0 Change in operating working capital requirements (cash effect) -0.6 Personnel expenses relating to acquisitions -1.6 Other operation-related cash flow -5.4 Subtotal cash flows from operating activities -6.6 Capex -10.2 Acquisitions of subsidiaries (excl. fees) -27.2 Other investment-related cash flow +0.5 Sub-total cash flows from investing activities -36.8 Interest paid -1.3 Lease charges (IFRS 16 - interest and capital) -8.2 Other financing-related cash flow (excl. issuing and repayment of borrowings) -1.4 Sub-total cash flows from financing activities -10.8 Other financing-related cash flow without any impact on cash -37.5 Net debt at period-end 110.1 Net debt at March 31  2023 represented €110.1 million  up €91.7 million compared withSeptember 30  2022. This change factors in €66.7 million for the scope effect relating to the two companies acquired  with €27.2 million paid out to buy Onlinecars and brumbrum (in addition to€2.0 million of costs linked to carrying out these operations) and €37.5 million for the consolidation of the debt recorded on the balance sheets of these companies when they were acquired. Cash consumption relating to operations over the period was extremely limited at -€6.6 million  as well as the level relating to investments (excluding acquisitions of subsidiaries)  with -€10.2 million of capex  representing around 1% of revenues in line with the Group’s commitments. Lastly  financing-related cash consumption totaled -€10.8 million  primarily including IFRS 16 lease charges and interest paid over the period. The Group’s balance sheet positions are under control  with Aramis Group benefiting from around€170 million of undrawn credit lines without any conditions at March 31  2023. OUTLOOK The European automotive market is currently characterized by various trends and dynamics  which make it complex to analyze its development in the short term. In terms of supply  the availability of vehicles is improving each month as the normalization of new vehicle production by manufacturers is progressing. This trend is also benefiting the market for used vehicles  as short and long-term rental companies are now better positioned to renew their vehicle fleets. In terms of demand  new vehicle registrations  despite +18% average growth across Aramis Group’s geographies for the first half of 2023 compared with the same period in 2022  are still significantly lower than their pre-crisis levels (-21% versus the first half of 2019). Registrations of used vehicles that are less than eight years old4  Aramis Group’s core target  are down in different proportions depending on the country  contracting by an average of -8% for the Group’s six geographies during the first half of 2023 compared with 2022 (-9% for the 2022 scope) and coming in -19% lower than the first half of 2019. As a result of these market balances  in all the Continental European countries  used vehicle prices have stabilized or decreased slightly since the end of the 2022 calendar year. In this context  the Group is able to refine its full-year objectives for 2023 (excluding a further deterioration in the macroeconomic environment): positive organic growth in its volumes of B2C refurbished vehicles sold;positive adjusted EBITDA. Over the coming quarters  Aramis Group will maintain a high level of discipline and will continue to focus on adjusting its offering to ensure close alignment with its customers’ needs  looking to select vehicles with more mileage and lower prices  and to continue offering them the best value for money thanks to the effective management of its competitive advantages. Over the medium term  in view of the size of the used vehicles market  its significant fragmentation in all European countries  and Aramis Group’s very strong value proposition within this market through quality refurbished vehicles with affordable pricing and alignment with a circular economy approach  the Group is able to once again confirm its confidence in its considerable potential for market share gains. *** Status of the statutory auditors’ procedures: During its meeting on May 24  2023  Aramis Group’s Board of Directors approved the consolidated financial statements for the first half of FY 2023  ended March 31  2023. The procedures for a limited review of these accounts have been completed. The statutory auditors’ report on the half-year financial information is in the process of being issued. Next financial information: 2023 third-quarter activity: July 17  2023 (after market close) About Aramis Group – www.aramis.group Aramis Group is the European leader for B2C online used car sales and operates in six countries. A fast-growing group  an e-commerce expert and a vehicle refurbishing pioneer  Aramis Group takes action each day for more sustainable mobility with an offering that is part of the circular economy. Founded in 2001  it has been revolutionizing its market for over 20 years  focused on ensuring the satisfaction of its customers and capitalizing on digital technology and employee engagement to create value for all its stakeholders. With full-year revenues now on track to reach €2 billion  Aramis Group sells more than 90 000 vehicles B2C and welcomes around 80 million visitors across all its digital platforms each year. The Group employs around 2 400 people and has eight industrial-scale refurbishing sites throughout Europe. Aramis Group is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment B (Ticker: ARAMI – ISIN: FR0014003U94). Disclaimer Certain information included in this press release is not historical data but forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and assumptions  including  but not limited to  assumptions about current and future business strategies and the environment in which Aramis Group operates  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which may cause actual results or performance  or the results or other events  to be materially different from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those discussed or identified in Chapter 3 “Risk Factors” of the Universal Registration Document dated January 18  2023  approved by the AMF under number R. 23-002 and available on the Group’s website (www.aramis.group) and on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org). These forward-looking statements and information are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. This press release does not contain or constitute an offer of securities or an invitation or inducement to invest in securities in France  the United States or any other jurisdiction. Investors contact Alexandre LeroyHead of Investor Relations Financing and Cash Managementalexandre.leroy@aramis.group +33 (0)6 58 80 50 24 APPENDICES Net profit and loss In € thousands H1 2022-2023 H1 2021-2022 Revenue 940 800 872 598 Cost of goods and services sold (795 188) (735 108) Other purchases and external expenses (76 049) (79 927) Taxes other than income tax (3 747) (3 088) Personnel expenses (64 083) (52 036) Personnel expenses relating to acquisitions (5 289) (8 666) Provisions and impairment loss on current assets (2 439) (731) Transaction-related costs (1 986) (815) Other operating income 747 82 Other operating expenses (708) (129) Operating income before depreciation and amortisation (7 942) (7 819) Depreciation and amortisation relating to PP&E and intangible assets (7 703) (4 953) Depreciation of right-of-use assets (7 200) (5 148) Gain on a bargain purchase 15 015 - Operating income (expense) (7 831) (17 920) Cost of net debt (2 409) (914) Interest expenses on lease liabilities (1 934) (783) Other financial income 239 410 Other financial expenses (1 685) (281) Net financial income (expenses) (5 789) (1 568) Profit (loss) before tax (13 620) (19 488) Income tax 1 037 (798) Profit (loss) (12 584) (20 286) Attributable to owners of the Company (12 584) (20 286) Attributable to non-controlling interests - - Statement of financial position In € thousands Mar 31  2023 Sep 30  2022 Goodwill 63 640 44 264 Other intangible assets 60 865 52 759 Property  plant and equipment 42 784 26 080 Right-of-use assets 95 682 75 842 Other non-current financial assets  including derivatives 1 118 1 078 Deferred tax assets 3 191 2 636 Non-current assets 267 280 202 658 Inventories 246 035 184 825 Assets sold with a buy-back commitment 6 096 6 716 Trade receivables 35 410 36 128 Current tax receivables 568 1 190 Other current assets 37 943 29 396 Cash and cash equivalents 36 538 58 243 Current assets 362 591 316 498 Total assets 629 871 519 156 Share capital 1 657 1 657 Additional paid-in capital 271 165 271 162 Reserves (59 864) (464) Effect of changes in exchange rate (1 070) (1 358) Profit (loss) attributable to owners of the Company (12 584) (60 226) Total equity attributable to owners of the Company 199 304 210 771 Participations ne donnant pas le contrôle - - Total Equity 199 304 210 771 Non-current financial liabilities 40 872 13 812 Non-current lease liabilities 83 180 66 620 Non-current provisions 1 247 1 573 Deferred tax liabilities 8 485 8 126 Non-current personnel liabilities associated to current acquisitions 17 087 12 257 Other non-current liabilities 2 969 2 700 Non-current liabilities 153 839 105 088 Current financial liabilities 119 686 76 644 Current lease liabilities 14 514 10 181 Current provisions 4 931 2 771 Trade payables 56 556 50 170 Current tax liabilities 689 283 Current personnel liabilities associated to current acquisitions 500 1 591 Other current liabilities 79 852 61 657 Current liabilities 276 728 203 296 Total Equity and liabilities 629 871 519 156 Cash flow statement In € thousands H1 2022-2023 H1 2021-2022 Profit (loss) for the period (12 584) (20 286) Depreciation  amortisation and provisions 15 672 10 326 Income tax (1 037) 798 Net financial income and expenses 5 789 1 568 Gain on a bargain purchase (15 015) - Items reclassifed under cash from investing activities 24 (17) Expenses relating to share-based payments 935 1 259 Change in personnel expenses relating to acquisitions 3 698 6 654 Change in working capital (4 722) (83 379) Income tax paid 635 (603) Net cash from (used in) operating activities (6 604) (83 680) Acquisition of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (10 164) (12 130) Proceeds from disposals of assets 543 51 Change in loans and other financial assets (24) 135 Acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (2 457) (186) Intérêts reçus 9 - Net cash from (used in) investing activities (12 094) (12 130) Capital increase (decrease) 2 124 Proceeds from borrowings 48 148 57 690 Repayment of borrowings (47 664) (35 843) Purchase/sale of treasury shares (38) (461) Interest paid (3 224) (1 478) Other financial expenses paid and income received (1 506) 91 Net cash from (used in) financing activities (4 281) 20 124 Effect of changes in exchange rate 59 18 Net change in cash (22 919) (75 669) Cash and cash equivalents at opening 55 354 106 307 Cash and cash equivalents at close 32 435 30 639 Reconciliation of gross profit per unit (GPU) In million of euros Reported basis H1 2023 H1 2022 Change (%) Revenues 941 873 +7.8% Cost of goods and services sold (795) (735) +8.2% Gross profit (consolidated data) 146 137 +5.9% Cost of transport and refurbishing (50) (42) +19.1% Gross profit 95 95 +0.0% Number of B2C vehicles sold (units) 43 992 41 217 +6.7% Gross profit per unit of B2C vehicle sold – GPU (€) 2 166 2 311 -6.3% Reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA In thousands of euros Reported basis H1 2023 H1 2022 Change (%) Operating income before depreciation and amortization (7 942) (7 819) +1.6% Personnel expenses related to share-based payments 935 1 259 -25.8% Personnel expenses related to acquisitions 5 289 8 666 -39.0% Transaction-related costs 1 986 815 +143.6% Restructuring costs 723 - - Adjusted EBITDA 990 2 921 -66.1% Breakdown of operating working capital requirements In thousands of euros Reported basis Mar 31  2023 Sep 30  2022 Inventories 246 035 184 825 Trade receivables 35 410 36 128 Trade payables (56 556) (50 170) Other current assets 37 943 29 396 Restatements relating to other current assets: - Social security and personnel-related receivables (234) (174) - Tax receivables other than those related to VAT (361) (114) - Other items not related to operating working capital (2 549) (1 524) Other current liabilities (79 423) (61 657) Restatements relating to other current liabilities: - Social security liabilities 16 190 13 615 - Tax liabilities other than those related to VAT 1 145 1 150 - Debt on securities acquisition 100 100 - Items under “other liabilities” not related to conversion premiums and environmental bonuses 826 487 Prepaid income - non-current (2 836) (2 271) Operating working capital requirements (A) 195 690 149 791 Revenues over last 12 months (B) 1 932 003 1 768 856 Operating working capital requirements expressed in days of revenues (A/B multiplied by 365) 37 31 Reconciliation of net debt with net financial debt under IFRS In thousands of euros Reported basis Mar 31  2023 Sep 30  2022 Bank loans and borrowings (incl. RCF) 60 007 18 668 Other financial liabilities 82 576 55 087 Bank overdrafts 4 103 2 889 Cash and cash equivalents (36 538) (58 243) Net financial debt 110 148 18 401 Lease liabilities 97 694 76 800 Liabilities relating to minority shareholder put options 13 871 13 812 IFRS net financial debt 221 713 109 0131 Net Promoter Score2 Source: Autoactu  Ganvam  Traxio.be  SMMT  Aramis Group - Total B2C & C2C used passenger car market below 8 years for the 4 historical countries of Aramis Group  namely France  Spain  Belgium and United Kingdom 3 Nicolas Chartier is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company  and Guillaume Paoli is Deputy Chief Executive Officer  based on a two-year rotation4 B2C and C2C Attachment Press release - ARAMIS GROUP - 2023 first-half resultsAll news about ARAMIS GROUP 11:58a Global markets live: Nvidia  Snowflake  Best Buy  Verizon  Microsoft.. 05/24 Aramis Group - 2023 first-half results GL 04/05 Aramis Group - Nicolas Chartier and Guillaume Paoli  co-founders  further strengthen th.. GL 02/23 Aramis : Report on the combined general meeting on February 10  2023 and results of the vo.. PU 02/21 Datrix appoints Enrico Zio as new group science director AN 02/06 Aramis Group Launches Second UK Used Vehicle Refurbishing Center MT 02/06 Aramis Group - Second refurbishing center inaugurated in the UK  Europe's leading mark.. GL 02/06 Aramis Group - Second refurbishing center inaugurated in the UK  Europe's leading mark.. AQ 02/06 Aramis Group Inaugurates Second Refurbishing Center in the UK CI 02/01 Datrix Shares Up 7% on Deal to Buy Aramis to Expand Machine Learning  Model Serving Div.. MTFinancials EUR USD Sales 2022 1 743 M 1 870 M 1 870 M Net income 2022 -26 6 M -28 5 M -28 5 M Net Debt 2022 62 5 M 67 0 M 67 0 M P/E ratio 2022 -12 2x Yield 2022 - Capitalization 407 M 436 M 436 M EV / Sales 2022 0 27x EV / Sales 2023 0 30x Nbr of Employees 2 400 Free-Float 82 5% Chart ARAMIS GROUP Duration : Auto. 2 months 3 months 6 months 9 months 1 year 2 years 5 years 10 years Max. Period : Day Week Technical analysis trends ARAMIS GROUP Short Term Mid-Term Long Term Trends Bullish Neutral Neutral Income Statement Evolution Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Consensus Sell Buy Mean consensus OUTPERFORM Number of Analysts 5 Last Close Price 4 91 € Average target price 6 10 € Spread / Average Target 24 2% EPS Revisions Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Managers and Directors Nicolas Chartier Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Valerie Hirsch Group Chief Financial Officer Arnaud Defrenne Chief Technology & Information Officer Patrick Bataillard Independent Director Céline Vuillequez Independent Director Sector and Competitors 1st jan. Capi. (M$) ARAMIS GROUP 2.62% 384 AMAZON.COM  INC. 36.89% 1 197 896 JD.COM  INC. -39.64% 53 073 COUPANG  INC. 6.93% 27 982 JD HEALTH INTERNATIONAL INC. -32.17% 19 656 ETSY  INC. -26.82% 10 813,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.82,0.05,0.12,True,English,"['Aramis Group', '2023 first-half results', 'fields PRESS RELEASE Arcueil', 'operating working capital requirements', 'two new business units', 'B2C refurbished vehicle sales', 'profitable growth strategy Results', 'multiple email addresses', 'Balance sheet positions', 'entire value chain', 'new market balances', 'disciplined cost management', 'Automotive market trends', 'Total B2C volumes', 'positive organic growth', 'uncertain market environment', 'full fiscal year', 'unique vertical integration', 'positive adjusted EBITDA', 'Very high levels', 'rigorous inventory management', 'first-half B2C volumes', 'last six months', 'operating costs', 'profitable territory', 'refurbished vehicles', '2023 first-half results', 'positive trend', 'vehicle registrations', 'macroeconomic environment', 'effective management', 'Onlinecars’ inventory', 'rigorous selection', 'car market', 'Price levels', '2023 FIRST-HALF ACTIVITY', 'market context', 'first half', 'financial year', 'best prices', 'clear outperformance', 'second half', 'Gross profit', 'dilutive impact', 'Austrian company', 'Italian company', 'negative EBITDA', 'credit lines', '2023 full-year guidance', 'Nicolas Chartier', 'Guillaume Paoli', 'encouraging performance', 'first part', 'close alignment', 'individualized support', 'key feature', 'coming quarters', 'supply-side normalization', 'restricted budgets', 'good trend', 'attractive prices', 'Aramis Group', 'First name', 'customer satisfaction', 'registered cars', 'first-half revenues', 'historical scope', 'outstanding dedication', 'quality vehicles', '+19.9% growth', '2022 scope', '02pm', 'commas', 'Message', 'Required', 'Return', 'March', 'acquisitions', 'NPS', 'teams', 'responsiveness', 'Italy', 'Upturn', 'GPU', 'adaptation', 'operations', 'control', 'subsidiaries', '37 days', 'conditions', 'event', 'deterioration', 'founders3', 'roadmap', 'profitability', 'mix', 'expectations', 'addition', 'brumbrum', 'demand', 'customers', '2019 figures', 'number', 'Overview', 'Change', 'segment', 'million', 'euros', 'basis']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,marketscreener.com
25345,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.sspnet.org/?p=49796,Brill Launches Three New Diamond Open Access Journals in the Humanities,Brill is delighted to enter into a partnership with the Mohamed Bin Zayed University for Humanities for the publication of three new diamond Open Access journals in Linguistics  Islamic Studies and Philosophy: Applied Linguistics Journal  Islamic Studies Jour…,Brill is delighted to enter into a partnership with the Mohamed Bin Zayed University for Humanities for the publication of three new diamond Open Access journals in Linguistics  Islamic Studies and Philosophy: Applied Linguistics Journal  Islamic Studies Journal  and Philosophical Studies Journal. With the support of the University  all author charges will be waived. The journals will start publishing as early as 2024 and will welcome submissions shortly. Journal articles are accepted in English and Arabic  and are subject to peer review.Diamond Open Access partnerships are a cornerstone of Brill’s Open Access program and help drive Open Access publishing in the Humanities and Social Sciences  fields that rely on limited funding and are traditionally bibliodiverse.Jasmin Lange  Chief Publishing Officer  comments: “It is a privilege to partner with the Mohamed Bin Zayed University on delivering equitable Open Access publishing for authors in fields or countries where Open Access funding is limited. We are excited to develop a prestigious set of journals  maintaining the high standards of rigor and scholarship that our communities expect. In addition  the journals will provide a window into scholarship from the Near and Middle East and foster international collaboration.”The journals are part of Brill’s growing Open Access presence in the Near and Middle East which we are excited to develop further. If you are interested in contributing to these new journals  please contact Abdurraouf Oueslati  Acquisitions Editor Middle East and Islamic Studies at Brill  via Abdurraouf.Oueslati@brill.com. For more information on Brill’s Open Access program visit brill.com/openaccess.About BrillFounded in 1683 in Leiden  the Netherlands  Brill is a leading international academic publisher in the Humanities  Social Sciences  International Law  and Life Sciences. With offices in the Netherlands  Germany  Austria  the USA and Asia  Brill today publishes more than 360 journals and 2 000 new books and reference works each year as well as a large number of databases and primary source research collections. Commitment to Open Access and the latest publishing technologies are at the core of Brill’s mission to make academic research available for the scholarly community worldwide. The company’s key customers are academic and research institutions  libraries  and scholars. Brill is a publicly traded company and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam NV. For further information  please visit brill.com.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.85,0.13,0.02,True,English,"['Three New Diamond Open Access Journals', 'Brill', 'Humanities', 'three new diamond Open Access journals', 'Diamond Open Access partnerships', 'growing Open Access presence', 'Mohamed Bin Zayed University', 'primary source research collections', 'equitable Open Access publishing', 'leading international academic publisher', 'Open Access program', 'Open Access funding', 'Chief Publishing Officer', 'latest publishing technologies', 'Euronext Amsterdam NV', 'Philosophical Studies Journal', 'Applied Linguistics Journal', 'Islamic Studies Journal', '2,000 new books', 'new journals', 'academic research', 'Journal articles', 'international collaboration', 'International Law', 'research institutions', 'limited funding', 'author charges', 'peer review', 'Social Sciences', 'Jasmin Lange', 'prestigious set', 'high standards', 'Middle East', 'Abdurraouf Oueslati', 'Acquisitions Editor', 'Abdurraouf.Oueslati', 'Life Sciences', 'reference works', 'large number', 'scholarly community', 'key customers', '360 journals', 'Brill', 'Humanities', 'publication', 'Philosophy', 'support', 'submissions', 'English', 'Arabic', 'cornerstone', 'fields', 'privilege', 'authors', 'countries', 'rigor', 'scholarship', 'communities', 'addition', 'window', 'Near', 'information', 'Leiden', 'Netherlands', 'offices', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'USA', 'Asia', 'databases', 'Commitment', 'core', 'company', 'libraries']",2023-05-24,2023-05-25,sspnet.org
25346,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-05/59185685-oxurion-nv-oxurion-reaches-enrollment-target-in-kalahari-phase-2-part-b-trial-of-novel-pkal-inhibitor-thr-149-in-diabetic-macular-edema-399.htm,Oxurion NV: Oxurion Reaches Enrollment Target in KALAHARI Phase 2  Part B Trial of Novel PKal Inhibitor THR-149 in Diabetic Macular Edema,May 25  2023 - 9:00 pm CET - Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders ,"Regulated InformationTop-line Data Anticipatedin Q4 2023Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US -May 25  2023 - 9:00 pm CET - Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  announced today that it has reached its enrollment target of 108 patients randomized in its KALAHARI Phase 2  Part B clinical trial for diabetic macular edema (DME) (KALAHARI trial).As of today  Oxurion's investigators have successfully enrolled the 108 patients planned for this trial. Given the high level of interest from both investigators and patients  additional patients are still likely to be included in the trial  which would mean the trial will be over-enrolled.As it has now reached its enrollment target  Oxurion confirms its previous guidance that it anticipates reporting top-line data from the KALAHARI trial in the fourth quarter of 2023.""We are thrilled to reach our enrollment target in the KALAHARI trial  and the fact that we are likely to over-enroll is further testament to both the need for this therapy as well as the continued support of our investigators worldwide "" said Andy De Deene  MD  MBA  Chief Development Officer of Oxurion. ""The outcome of this trial  which is evaluating THR-149 for the treatment of DME against the current standard of care  aflibercept  could  if positive  provide an important alternative for the up to 50% of patients with DME who respond suboptimally to current anti-VEGF therapies.""Added Tom Graney  CFA  CEO of Oxurion  said  ""Attaining this milestone is an important catalyst for Oxurion as we move towards completion of the KALAHARI trial. With the enrollment target reached  the study is well-positioned to report top-line results by the end of the year. If positive  these results could provide a meaningfully better alternative for the millions of patients worldwide suffering from DME for whom current treatments are not effective. I would like to thank the investigators  their teams  our amazing team  and most of all the patients  for progressing this important trial on behalf of the broader retinal community.""The KALAHARI trial is evaluating Oxurion's novel plasma kallikrein (PKal) inhibitor THR-149 as a potential treatment for DME patients who respond suboptimally to anti-VEGF therapy  the current standard of care. This milestone follows the recommendation from an Independent Data Monitoring Committee (IDMC) in December 2022 that the KALAHARI trial should continue based on the outcome of a pre-specified futility analysis that included an evaluation of interim efficacy and safety data from 31 patients at the three-month time point.Diabetic Macular Edema (DME)Approximately 22 million people worldwide have DME currently  with prevalence increasing due to the growing global diabetic epidemic. DME is the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  and the market for treatments is currently estimated at +$5 billion.People who suffer from DME have leaking vessels in the back of the eye  leading to a thickening of the retina that causes vision problems such as blurriness in the center of vision  the appearance of dark spots or patches in the field of vision  and colors to look dull. These symptoms may affect the ability to read  write  drive  and recognize faces - presenting a significant patient and caregiver burden.About THR-149THR-149 is a bicyclic peptide that selectively inhibits human plasma kallikrein (PKal) with an inhibition constant of 0.22 nM. Through the inhibition of the kallikrein-kinin system (KKS)  THR-149 prevents the induction of retinal vascular permeability  neurodegeneration  and inflammation. THR-149 is currently being evaluated in the KALAHARI Phase 2  Part B clinical trial as a potential treatment for patients who respond suboptimally to anti-VEGF the standard of care for treatment of DME.KALAHARI Phase 2  Part BThe Phase 2 KALAHARI trial is a two-part  randomized  prospective  multi-center trial assessing multiple (3) injections of THR-149 in DME patients. Part B is double-masked and actively controlled  with the high dose of THR-149 having been selected from Part A of the trial. Part B of the trial is enrolling approximately 108 patients who have previously shown a suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy  and where THR-149 is being evaluated against aflibercept  the current standard of care  as the active comparator.KALAHARI Phase 2  Part APart A of the KALAHARI trial demonstrated that all dose levels of THR-149 had a favorable safety profile. All adverse events in the study eye were mild to moderate in intensity and no severe ocular adverse events were reported and no inflammation was observed. High-level data from Part A of the KALAHARI trial was first presented in October 2021  which demonstrated that the eight patients who received the highest dose of THR-149 achieved a mean BCVA gain of 6.1 letters at Month 3  the primary endpoint.A post-hoc analysis was performed by the masked central reading center in February 2022 based on an OCT (Optical Coherence Tomography) biomarker assessment. The analysis identified two subjects with abnormalities at baseline  which could impact responsiveness to any medical treatment. Excluding these two subjects resulted in an improvement in mean BCVA of 9.3 letters at Month 3  which was sustained until Month 6  the end of the trial  and four months after the last THR-149 injection. The Month 6 data also demonstrated THR-149's attractive safety profile and its ability to stabilize the Central Subfield Thickness (CST). The learnings from the Part A data were incorporated into Part B through an amended trial design excluding patients that would not respond to any treatment. More information can be found here: NCT04527107.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered ""forward-looking"". Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company's Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.05,0.46,True,English,"['Novel PKal Inhibitor THR', 'Oxurion Reaches Enrollment Target', 'Part B Trial', 'Diabetic Macular Edema', 'Oxurion NV', 'KALAHARI Phase', 'two-part, randomized, prospective, multi-center trial', 'novel plasma kallikrein (PKal) inhibitor', 'growing global diabetic epidemic', 'Independent Data Monitoring Committee', 'severe ocular adverse events', 'human plasma kallikrein', 'Part B clinical trial', 'clinical stage assets', 'diabetic macular edema', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Andy De Deene', 'Chief Development Officer', 'broader retinal community', 'three-month time point', 'retinal vascular permeability', 'mean BCVA gain', 'favorable safety profile', 'central reading center', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'The KALAHARI trial', 'current anti-VEGF therapies', 'Phase 2 KALAHARI trial', 'safety data', 'Top-line Data', 'High-level data', 'KALAHARI Phase', 'Part A', 'important trial', 'Regulated Information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'enrollment target', 'high level', 'previous guidance', 'fourth quarter', 'continued support', 'current standard', 'Tom Graney', 'important catalyst', 'amazing team', 'futility analysis', 'interim efficacy', 'leading cause', 'dark spots', 'significant patient', 'caregiver burden', 'bicyclic peptide', 'multiple (3) injections', 'high dose', 'suboptimal response', 'active comparator', 'dose levels', 'highest dose', 'primary endpoint', 'post-hoc analysis', 'next-generation standard', 'current treatments', 'anti-VEGF therapy', '22 million people', 'working-age people', 'important alternative', 'top-line results', 'potential treatment', 'inhibition constant', 'additional patients', 'eight patients', 'vision loss', 'Oxurion NV', 'study eye', 'DME patients', '108 patients', '31 patients', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'May', 'today', 'investigators', 'interest', 'fact', 'testament', 'need', 'MD', 'MBA', 'outcome', 'aflibercept', 'CFA', 'CEO', 'milestone', 'completion', 'year', 'millions', 'teams', 'behalf', 'THR-149', 'recommendation', 'IDMC', 'December', 'evaluation', 'prevalence', 'market', 'vessels', 'back', 'thickening', 'problems', 'blurriness', 'appearance', 'patches', 'field', 'colors', 'symptoms', 'faces', '0.22 nM', 'KKS', 'induction', 'neurodegeneration', 'inflammation', 'intensity', 'October', '6.1 letters', 'February', '9:00']",2023-05-05,2023-05-25,finanznachrichten.de
25347,EuroNext,Bing API,https://es-us.finanzas.yahoo.com/news/oxurion-reaches-enrollment-target-kalahari-190000241.html,Oxurion Reaches Enrollment Target in KALAHARI Phase 2  Part B Trial of Novel PKal Inhibitor THR-149 in Diabetic Macular Edema,Regulated Information Top-line Data Anticipated in Q4 2023 Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – May 25  2023 – 9:00 pm CET – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies ,Oxurion NVRegulated InformationTop-line Data Anticipated in Q4 2023Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – May 25  2023 – 9:00 pm CET – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  announced today that it has reached its enrollment target of 108 patients randomized in its KALAHARI Phase 2  Part B clinical trial for diabetic macular edema (DME) (KALAHARI trial).As of today  Oxurion’s investigators have successfully enrolled the 108 patients planned for this trial. Given the high level of interest from both investigators and patients  additional patients are still likely to be included in the trial  which would mean the trial will be over-enrolled.As it has now reached its enrollment target  Oxurion confirms its previous guidance that it anticipates reporting top-line data from the KALAHARI trial in the fourth quarter of 2023.“We are thrilled to reach our enrollment target in the KALAHARI trial  and the fact that we are likely to over-enroll is further testament to both the need for this therapy as well as the continued support of our investigators worldwide ” said Andy De Deene  MD  MBA  Chief Development Officer of Oxurion. “The outcome of this trial  which is evaluating THR-149 for the treatment of DME against the current standard of care  aflibercept  could  if positive  provide an important alternative for the up to 50% of patients with DME who respond suboptimally to current anti-VEGF therapies.”Added Tom Graney  CFA  CEO of Oxurion  said  “Attaining this milestone is an important catalyst for Oxurion as we move towards completion of the KALAHARI trial. With the enrollment target reached  the study is well-positioned to report top-line results by the end of the year. If positive  these results could provide a meaningfully better alternative for the millions of patients worldwide suffering from DME for whom current treatments are not effective. I would like to thank the investigators  their teams  our amazing team  and most of all the patients  for progressing this important trial on behalf of the broader retinal community.”The KALAHARI trial is evaluating Oxurion’s novel plasma kallikrein (PKal) inhibitor THR-149 as a potential treatment for DME patients who respond suboptimally to anti-VEGF therapy  the current standard of care. This milestone follows the recommendation from an Independent Data Monitoring Committee (IDMC) in December 2022 that the KALAHARI trial should continue based on the outcome of a pre-specified futility analysis that included an evaluation of interim efficacy and safety data from 31 patients at the three-month time point.Diabetic Macular Edema (DME)Approximately 22 million people worldwide have DME currently  with prevalence increasing due to the growing global diabetic epidemic. DME is the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  and the market for treatments is currently estimated at +$5 billion.People who suffer from DME have leaking vessels in the back of the eye  leading to a thickening of the retina that causes vision problems such as blurriness in the center of vision  the appearance of dark spots or patches in the field of vision  and colors to look dull. These symptoms may affect the ability to read  write  drive  and recognize faces – presenting a significant patient and caregiver burden.About THR-149THR-149 is a bicyclic peptide that selectively inhibits human plasma kallikrein (PKal) with an inhibition constant of 0.22 nM. Through the inhibition of the kallikrein-kinin system (KKS)  THR-149 prevents the induction of retinal vascular permeability  neurodegeneration  and inflammation. THR-149 is currently being evaluated in the KALAHARI Phase 2  Part B clinical trial as a potential treatment for patients who respond suboptimally to anti-VEGF the standard of care for treatment of DME.KALAHARI Phase 2  Part BThe Phase 2 KALAHARI trial is a two-part  randomized  prospective  multi-center trial assessing multiple (3) injections of THR-149 in DME patients. Part B is double-masked and actively controlled  with the high dose of THR-149 having been selected from Part A of the trial. Part B of the trial is enrolling approximately 108 patients who have previously shown a suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy  and where THR-149 is being evaluated against aflibercept  the current standard of care  as the active comparator.KALAHARI Phase 2  Part APart A of the KALAHARI trial demonstrated that all dose levels of THR-149 had a favorable safety profile. All adverse events in the study eye were mild to moderate in intensity and no severe ocular adverse events were reported and no inflammation was observed. High-level data from Part A of the KALAHARI trial was first presented in October 2021  which demonstrated that the eight patients who received the highest dose of THR-149 achieved a mean BCVA gain of 6.1 letters at Month 3  the primary endpoint.A post-hoc analysis was performed by the masked central reading center in February 2022 based on an OCT (Optical Coherence Tomography) biomarker assessment. The analysis identified two subjects with abnormalities at baseline  which could impact responsiveness to any medical treatment. Excluding these two subjects resulted in an improvement in mean BCVA of 9.3 letters at Month 3  which was sustained until Month 6  the end of the trial  and four months after the last THR-149 injection. The Month 6 data also demonstrated THR-149’s attractive safety profile and its ability to stabilize the Central Subfield Thickness (CST). The learnings from the Part A data were incorporated into Part B through an amended trial design excluding patients that would not respond to any treatment. More information can be found here: NCT04527107.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.4,0.13,0.47,True,English,"['Part B Trial', 'Novel PKal Inhibitor', 'Diabetic Macular Edema', 'Oxurion Reaches', 'Enrollment Target', 'KALAHARI Phase', 'Oxurion NV Regulated Information Top-line Data', 'two-part, randomized, prospective, multi-center trial', 'growing global diabetic epidemic', 'Independent Data Monitoring Committee', 'severe ocular adverse events', 'Part B clinical trial', 'clinical stage assets', 'diabetic macular edema', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Andy De Deene', 'Chief Development Officer', 'broader retinal community', 'novel plasma kallikrein', 'three-month time point', 'human plasma kallikrein', 'retinal vascular permeability', 'mean BCVA gain', 'favorable safety profile', 'central reading center', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'The KALAHARI trial', 'current anti-VEGF therapies', 'Phase 2 KALAHARI trial', 'safety data', 'High-level data', 'top-line results', 'KALAHARI Phase', 'Part A', 'important trial', 'Euronext Brussels', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'enrollment target', 'high level', 'previous guidance', 'fourth quarter', 'continued support', 'current standard', 'Tom Graney', 'important catalyst', 'amazing team', 'futility analysis', 'interim efficacy', 'leading cause', 'dark spots', 'significant patient', 'caregiver burden', 'bicyclic peptide', 'multiple (3) injections', 'high dose', 'suboptimal response', 'active comparator', 'dose levels', 'highest dose', 'primary endpoint', 'post-hoc analysis', 'next-generation standard', 'current treatments', 'anti-VEGF therapy', '22 million people', 'working-age people', 'important alternative', 'potential treatment', 'vision loss', 'vision problems', 'inhibition constant', 'additional patients', 'eight patients', 'study eye', 'DME patients', '108 patients', '31 patients', 'Q4', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'May', 'today', 'investigators', 'interest', 'fact', 'testament', 'need', 'MD', 'MBA', 'outcome', 'CFA', 'CEO', 'milestone', 'completion', 'year', 'millions', 'teams', 'behalf', 'THR-149', 'recommendation', 'IDMC', 'December', 'evaluation', 'prevalence', 'market', 'vessels', 'back', 'thickening', 'blurriness', 'appearance', 'patches', 'field', 'colors', 'symptoms', 'faces', 'PKal', '0.22 nM', 'KKS', 'induction', 'neurodegeneration', 'inflammation', 'intensity', 'October', '6.1 letters', '9:00']",2023-05-25,2023-05-25,es-us.finanzas.yahoo.com
25348,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hybrid-software-group-result-annual-160000310.html,Hybrid Software Group: Result of the Annual General Meeting,Hybrid Software Group PLC (Euronext: HYSG) announces the result of its Annual General Meeting. At the Company's Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) held yesterday  the resolutions proposed at the meeting were passed without amendment ,Hybrid Software GroupCambridge (UK) 25 May 2023 – Hybrid Software Group PLC (Euronext: HYSG) announces the result of its Annual General Meeting.At the Company's Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) held yesterday  the resolutions proposed at the meeting were passed without amendment  except for resolution 2.The results of the voting are as follows:Resolution For Against Withheld Total Result 1 22 737 464 0 0 22 737 464 100.00% Pass 2 0 22 737 464 0 22 737 464 0.00% Fail 3 22 737 464 0 0 22 737 464 100.00% Pass 4 22 737 464 0 0 22 737 464 100.00% Pass 5 22 737 464 0 0 22 737 464 100.00% Pass 6 22 737 464 0 0 22 737 464 100.00% Pass 7 22 737 464 0 0 22 737 464 100.00% Pass 8 22 737 464 0 0 22 737 464 100.00% Pass 9 22 737 464 0 0 22 737 464 100.00% Pass 10 22 737 464 0 0 22 737 464 100.00% Pass 11 22 737 464 0 0 22 737 464 100.00% Pass 12 22 737 464 0 0 22 737 464 100.00% Pass 13 22 737 464 0 0 22 737 464 100.00% PassDetails of the resolutions passed are available in the Notice of the Annual General Meeting  which is available on the Company's website at https://www.hybridsoftware.group/investors/shareholders-annual-general-meetingBoard of directorsEffective from the AGM on 24 May 2023  the board of directors is:Guido Van der Schueren  Executive ChairmanMichael Rottenborn  Chief Executive OfficerJoachim Van Hemelen  Chief Financial OfficerClare Findlay  non-executive directorLuc De Vos  non-executive directorAbout Hybrid Software GroupThrough its operating subsidiaries  Hybrid Software Group PLC (Euronext: HYSG) is a leading developer of enterprise software for industrial print manufacturing. Customers include press manufacturers such as HP  Canon  Durst  Roland  Hymmen  and hundreds of packaging printers  trade shops  and converters worldwide.Hybrid Software Group PLC is headquartered in Cambridge UK. Its subsidiary companies are colour technology experts ColorLogic  printing software developers Global Graphics Software  enterprise software developer HYBRID Software  3D design and modelling software developers iC3D  the industrial printhead driver solutions specialists  Meteor Inkjet and pre-press workflow developer Xitron.ContactsJoachim Van Hemelen Floris De Ruyck Chief Financial Officer Investor Relations Tel: +32 (0) 329 57 53 Tel: +32 (0) 329 57 53 joachimvh@hybridsoftware.group Email: florisdr@hybridsoftware.group,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Hybrid Software Group', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Joachim Van Hemelen Floris De Ruyck Chief Financial Officer Investor Relations', 'industrial printhead driver solutions specialists', 'Guido Van der Schueren', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Hybrid Software Group PLC', 'Luc De Vos', 'industrial print manufacturing', 'printing software developers', 'Global Graphics Software', 'modelling software developers', 'colour technology experts', 'pre-press workflow developer', 'Annual General Meeting', 'enterprise software developer', 'leading developer', 'Executive Chairman', 'executive director', 'Michael Rottenborn', 'Clare Findlay', 'operating subsidiaries', 'press manufacturers', 'packaging printers', 'trade shops', 'subsidiary companies', '3D design', 'Meteor Inkjet', 'Total Result', 'Cambridge UK', 'May', 'Euronext', 'HYSG', 'Company', 'AGM', 'resolutions', 'amendment', 'results', 'voting', 'Pass', 'Fail', 'Details', 'Notice', 'website', 'hybridsoftware', 'investors', 'shareholders', 'annual-general-meeting', 'Board', 'directors', 'Customers', 'HP', 'Canon', 'Durst', 'Roland', 'Hymmen', 'hundreds', 'converters', 'ColorLogic', 'iC3D', 'Xitron', 'Contacts', 'Email', 'florisdr', '32']",2023-05-25,2023-05-25,finance.yahoo.com
25349,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.benzinga.com/pressreleases/23/05/g32578947/sequana-medical-announces-results-of-annual-general-meeting-of-shareholders,Sequana Medical announces results of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders,"PRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION25 May 2023  06:00 pm CEST Ghent  Belgium – 25 May 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the","PRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION25 M ay 2023  06:00 pm CE S TGhent  Belgium – 25 May 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces that all proposed resolutions submitted to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders were approved at the meeting held today at 09:00 am CEST.The items on the agenda of the meeting included (amongst other things) the approval of a number of resolutions relating to the financial year ended on 31 December 2022 and the application of Article 7:228 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code.The minutes of the shareholders' meeting can be accessed on the Company's website.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 05 35 79Optimum Strategic CommunicationsNick Bastin  Jonathan Edwards  Vici RabbettsE: Sequana@optimumcomms.comT: +44 (0) 208 078 4357About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. These patients can have up to 15 liters of extra fluid in their bodies  causing major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficulty breathing and restricted mobility that severely impacts daily life. Although diuretics are standard of care  the problem is that in many patients they are no longer effective and / or tolerable. There are limited effective treatment options for these patients  resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and a major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing ""diuretic-resistant"" patient population.alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems. The Company has reported positive primary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON trial of the alfapump in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis  enabling the filing of a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application with the FDA  planned for H2 2023. Having delivered clinical proof-of-concept for DSR as a disease-modifying drug program for the treatment of heart failure  the Company will commence MOJAVE  a US randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a clinical trial of DSR 2.0  with initial data expected in Q4 2023.Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels SEQUA and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Trial) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical trial see www.poseidonstudy.com. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® and DSR® are registered trademarks.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements.Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.Attachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.09,0.72,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sequana Medical', 'results', 'Shareholders', 'US randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a clinical trial', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'North American pivotal POSEIDON trial', 'growing ""diuretic-resistant"" patient population', 'positive primary endpoint data', 'limited effective treatment options', 'Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application', 'POSEIDON clinical trial', 'frequent clinical complication', 'poor clinical outcomes', 'Optimum Strategic Communications', 'up to 15 liters', 'disease-modifying drug program', 'Important Regulatory Disclaimers', 'innovative treatment options', 'diuretic-resistant fluid overload', 'Annual General Meeting', 'major medical issues', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Euronext Brussels SEQUA', 'The alfapump® system', 'major clinical', 'clinical proof', 'clinical investigation', 'initial data', 'major impact', 'extra fluid', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'liver disease', 'heart failure', 'other things', 'financial year', 'Belgian Companies', 'Associations Code', 'Nick Bastin', 'Jonathan Edwards', 'Vici Rabbetts', 'severe pain', 'restricted mobility', 'proprietary platforms', 'healthcare systems', 'United States', 'alfapump system', 'ongoing pre-clinical', 'ongoing investigations', 'current judgment', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'daily life', 'life benefits', 'high costs', 'refractory ascites', 'liver cirrhosis', 'recurrent ascites', 'future performance', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'other information', 'many patients', 'adult patients', 'DSR® therapy', 'DSR therapy', ""shareholders' meeting"", '25 M', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'Company', 'pioneer', 'cancer', 'resolutions', 'CEST', 'items', 'agenda', 'number', '31 December', 'Article', 'minutes', 'website', 'serious', 'bodies', 'increased', 'mortality', 'hospitalizations', 'difficulty', 'breathing', 'diuretics', 'standard', 'problem', 'quality', 'large', 'body', 'filing', 'FDA', 'H2', 'concept', 'MOJAVE', 'Q4', 'Canada', 'development', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'link', 'Europe', 'Note', 'trademarks', 'predictions', 'estimates', 'guarantees', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'updates', 'revisions', 'law', 'regulation', 'opinions', 'Attachments', '06:00', '09:00', '498', '44']",2023-05-25,2023-05-25,benzinga.com
25350,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-05/59184390-mithra-pharmaceuticals-mithra-s-general-meeting-of-shareholders-approves-the-renewal-of-its-board-of-directors-399.htm,Mithra Pharmaceuticals: Mithra's General Meeting Of Shareholders Approves the Renewal of its Board of Directors,Liege  Belgium  25 MAY 2023 - 5:45 CEST - Mithra (Euronext Brussels: MITRA)  a company dedicated to Women's Health  today announces that at its Annual General Meeting  held today all agenda items put to vote were approved  including the appointment of ...,"Liege  Belgium  25 MAY 2023 - 5:45 CEST - Mithra (Euronext Brussels: MITRA)  a company dedicated to Women's Health  today announces that at its Annual General Meeting  held today all agenda items put to vote were approved  including the appointment of Directors for a two-year mandate. The Board of Directors is now made up of 7 members with varied backgrounds spanning both the financial and pharmaceutical sectors  bringing extensive expertise to Mithra covering all aspects of pharmaceutical development.The Board will include four new Directors  including:Ribono SRL  Mr. Sidney Bens (Independent Director)Sidney is a seasoned financial executive  with over 35 years' experience. He spent most of his career at Atenor  an international real estate development company listed on Euronext  where he served as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to this he worked in banking  as Senior Corporate Banker at Paribas Bank Belgium).Mrs. Igne Beernaert (Independent Director)Igne is an experienced financial services professional  specializing in audit  corporate finance  internal controls  tax  management and M&A. She is the founder of Bedrijfsrevisor Beernaert  a financial advisory firm that provides audit  M&A and strategic financial consulting for growing companies  where she served as company auditor for the last 27 years. Prior to this  she founded bb3 Revisoren  another financial advisory firm. Igne holds a Masters degree in Applied Economics from KU Leuven  Belgium and a postgraduate degree in liability and insurance law from the University of Antwerp ).Life Science Strategy Consulting SRL  Mr. Christian Homsy (Independent Director)Christian is a leading life sciences executive with over 30 years' industry experience. Most recently he founded and served as interim Chief Executive Officer and Board Member of biotechnology company Capstan Therapeutics. He was also founder  Chief Executive Officer and Board Member of Celyad SA for 15 years. He spent a large part of his career at Guidant Corporation).Gaudeto SRL  Mr. Jacques Galloy (Independent Director)Jacques has over 25 years of business leadership experience including private and public equity capital markets  focusing on digital imaging  medical technology  digital media and digital transition. He is currently the founder and managing partner of Guadeto SPRL  an investment consultancy firm advising small to mid-size media  health technology and digital transition companies. He is a current investor in 7 companies  entrepreneur in 5 businesses and charities  and has over 10 board mandates. He also has 12 years' experience as Board member and CFO of EVS Broadcast Equipment SA  a worldwide leader in TV Technology niches and a top 30 Belgian listed company. Jacques holds a Masters in Commercial Engineering from Ulg-HEC Liège  Belgium ).Christian Moretti  Chairman of the Board  commented: « It is fantastic to welcome such established and experienced professionals to the Mithra Board of Directors. Their collective knowledge spanning both the financial and life sciences sectors will be invaluable to the Company as we continue the commercialization of our lead product  Estelle and develop our exciting and innovative pipeline of products to address key unmet need. »The General Meeting also renewed the mandates of:Selva Luxembourg SA  Mr. Christian Moretti (Chairman and Non-Executive Director)Christian is a seasoned financial executive who spent over 10 years in banking before founding the industrial holding Dynaction listed on the Paris stock exchange. He then focused on the development of one of the holding's subsidiaries  PCAS Biosolution  which he managed as CEO for 13 years and enabled it to become the European leader in the chemistry of complex molecules  employing more than 1 000 people worldwide. Christian holds a Masters in Marketing and Finance from HEC School of Management  Paris and a Masters of Business Administration from Columbia Business School ).Alius Modi SRL Ms. Valérie Gordenne (Non-Executive Director)Valérie has over 20 years of experience in pharmaceutical Research & Development with extensive leadership experience in full drug development across a range of therapeutic areas in particular in women's health).Eva Consulting SRL  Prof. Jean-Michel Foidart (Executive Director)Co-founder of Mithra  Jean-Michel is a trained doctor specializing in Obstetrics and Gynecology and is the author of more than 1300 publications on women's health and experimental oncology. He is a member of many national and international scientific committees and is currently a Board member of the International Society of Gynecological Endocrinology. Jean-Michiel holds the Francqui Chair  Doctor Honoris Causa of the Pierre and Marie Curie University of Paris and the Paul Sabatier University of Toulouse. Professor Extraordinary  Honorary of the ULg and Perpetual Secretary of the Royal Academy of Medicine of Belgium. Professor Foidart graduated in Gynecology from the University of Liège and also obtained a PhD in cell biology and biochemistry  before directing its Department of Gynecology-Obstetrics ).********For more information  please contact:Investor relations: https://www.mithra.com/About Estelle®Developed by Mithra  Estelle® is a novel patent protected combined oral contraceptive pill containing 3 mg drospirenone (DRSP) and 15 mg estetrol (E4). E4 is a naturally produced estrogen during pregnancy  which can now be made from a plant source. In two phase 3 clinical studies conducted in 3 725 women  Estelle® was shown to be both safe and effective and met its primary efficacy endpoint of pregnancy prevention. It also delivered excellent results on a variety of secondary endpoints that demonstrated outstanding cycle control  bleeding control  safety  and tolerability. Mithra has signed 15 licensing deals for Estelle® with a number of leading women's health companies covering more than 100 countries in the world.The product is marketed in Belgium by Gedeon Richter under the brand name DROVELIS® and by Ceres Pharma under the brand name -LYDISILKA®.About MithraMithraESTELLE®  DONESTA®  LYDISILKA are registered trademarks of Mithra Pharmaceuticals or one of its affiliateImportant informationThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. The Company's actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['General Meeting', 'Mithra Pharmaceuticals', 'Shareholders', 'Renewal', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Life Science Strategy Consulting SRL', 'international real estate development company', 'public equity capital markets', 'small to mid-size media', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment SA', 'leading life sciences executive', 'top 30 Belgian listed company', 'interim Chief Executive Officer', 'experienced financial services professional', 'life sciences sectors', 'Eva Consulting SRL', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'international scientific committees', 'strategic financial consulting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'investment consultancy firm', 'key unmet need', 'The General Meeting', 'Selva Luxembourg SA', 'Alius Modi SRL', 'seasoned financial executive', 'financial advisory firm', 'Senior Corporate Banker', 'full drug development', 'TV Technology niches', 'Columbia Business School', 'Mr. Sidney Bens', 'business leadership experience', 'Ulg-HEC Liège', 'Valérie Gordenne', 'Doctor Honoris Causa', 'Marie Curie University', 'Paul Sabatier University', 'extensive leadership experience', 'Mr. Christian Homsy', 'Mr. Jacques Galloy', 'Paris stock exchange', 'four new Directors', 'Prof. Jean-Michel Foidart', 'Paribas Bank Belgium', 'Mr. Christian Moretti', 'Mrs. Igne Beernaert', ""30 years' industry experience"", 'digital transition companies', 'International Society', 'digital media', 'Ribono SRL', 'Celyad SA', 'Gaudeto SRL', 'experienced professionals', 'Executive Director', 'Business Administration', 'pharmaceutical sectors', 'extensive expertise', 'Bedrijfsrevisor Beernaert', 'company auditor', 'biotechnology company', 'HEC School', 'Professor Foidart', 'pharmaceutical development', 'medical technology', 'digital imaging', 'agenda items', 'two-year mandate', 'varied backgrounds', 'Independent Director', 'corporate finance', 'internal controls', 'M&A.', 'growing companies', 'Applied Economics', 'KU Leuven', 'postgraduate degree', 'insurance law', 'Capstan Therapeutics', 'large part', 'Guidant Corporation', 'managing partner', 'Guadeto SPRL', 'current investor', 'worldwide leader', 'Commercial Engineering', 'collective knowledge', 'lead product', 'innovative pipeline', 'PCAS Biosolution', 'European leader', 'complex molecules', 'pharmaceutical Research', 'therapeutic areas', 'experimental oncology', 'many national', 'Gynecological Endocrinology', 'Francqui Chair', 'Professor Extraordinary', 'Perpetual Secretary', 'Royal Academy', 'cell biology', ""35 years' experience"", ""12 years' experience"", 'health technology', 'last 27 years', 'Euronext Brussels', 'industrial holding', 'Board Member', 'Masters degree', '10 board mandates', 'Mithra Board', '7 companies', '15 years', '25 years', '10 years', '13 years', '20 years', 'Liege', '25 MAY', '5:45 CEST', 'MITRA', 'Women', 'appointment', '7 members', 'aspects', 'career', 'Atenor', 'banking', 'tax', 'management', 'founder', 'Revisoren', 'liability', 'Antwerp', 'private', '5 businesses', 'charities', 'CFO', 'Chairman', 'established', 'commercialization', 'Estelle', 'exciting', 'products', 'Dynaction', 'subsidiaries', 'CEO', 'chemistry', '1,000 people', 'Marketing', 'range', 'Obstetrics', 'Gynecology', 'author', '1300 publications', 'Jean-Michiel', 'Pierre', 'Toulouse', 'Medicine', 'PhD', 'Department']",2023-05-05,2023-05-25,finanznachrichten.de
25351,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/brigade-m3-european-acquisition-corp-153000221.html,Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp. Redemption notice,Since the Company became listed on Euronext Amsterdam on 14 December 2021  the Company has been searching for a target to consummate a business combination. During this period  the Company has investigated various potential targets and held explorative ...,"AMSTERDAM  May 25  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp. (the ""Company"")  a special purpose acquisition company that was incorporated on 21 April 2021 under the laws of the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam  the regulated market operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (""Euronext Amsterdam"")  today announces that it will not conclude a business combination before its business combination deadline on 14 June 2023 (the ""Business Combination Deadline""). Therefore  the board of directors of the Company (the ""Board"") resolved to initiate the redemption of all listed unit shares and ordinary shares in the share capital of Company (the ""Units"" and ""Ordinary Shares""  respectively) following the Business Combination Deadline in accordance with the terms and conditions for the redemption of the Units and Ordinary Shares in the Company's articles of association and as disclosed in the Company's IPO prospectus dated 8 December 2021 (the ""Prospectus"").Since the Company became listed on Euronext Amsterdam on 14 December 2021  the Company has been searching for a target to consummate a business combination. During this period  the Company has investigated various potential targets and held explorative talks with a selection of them  but despite extensive efforts to date  the Company has not been able to find a suitable target for a business combination. As the Business Combination Deadline is forthcoming  the Board deems it highly unlikely that the Company will be able to complete a business combination before the Business Combination Deadline and  therefore  the Board has decided to initiate the redemption of the Units and Ordinary Shares following the Business Combination Deadline. In accordance with the disclosure in the Prospectus  the Company will procure that the amount held in the Escrow Account will be returned to the holders of Units and Ordinary Shares as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten trading days after the Business Combination Deadline.Holders of Units and Ordinary Shares will receive redemption proceeds from the Escrow Account through payment by the Company's Listing Agent  at an expected price per Unit or Ordinary Share of $10.20 plus accrued interest (this amount comprises of (i) $10.00 initial subscription price; (ii) $0.20 escrow overfunding by the Company's sponsor; and (iii) the pro rata part of the accrued interest on the Escrow Account). Holders of Units and Ordinary Shares will receive this payment in exchange for the delivery of the Units or Ordinary Shares via the shareholder’s intermediary to the Listing Agent. As a result of the Company not completing a business combination before the Business Combination Deadline  the public warrants and the sponsor warrants will automatically expire without value on the Business Combination Deadline in line with the terms and conditions of the warrants and the disclosure in the Prospectus. There will be no distribution of proceeds or otherwise from the Escrow Account with respect to the public warrants or the sponsor warrants.Indicative timetableThe timetable below sets forth certain expected key dates for the redemption of the Units and Ordinary Shares.Event Date Business Combination Deadline 14 June 2023 Last trading day 14 June 2023 Expiration of sponsor warrants and public warrants 15 June 2023 Record date for the redemption of Units and Ordinary Shares 16 June 2023 Payment of redemption proceeds 20 June 2023 Redemption of Units and Ordinary Shares 21 June 2023Post-RedemptionFollowing the Business Combination Deadline and the redemption of the Units and Ordinary Shares (and the expiration of the public warrants and the sponsor warrants)  the only outstanding securities of the Company will be the sponsor shares. The Board intends to seek sponsor shareholder approval to adopt amended and restated memorandum and articles of association in order to facilitate the re-purposing and continuation of the Company  subject to additional capital being committed by the sponsor for such purpose. The redeemed Units and Ordinary Shares will be held in treasury by the Company for the purpose of re-allocating such Units and Ordinary Shares in the future.IMPORTANT INFORMATIONThis press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.DISCLAIMERThis announcement is not for distribution or release  directly or indirectly  and should not be distributed in or sent into  the United States  Australia  Canada  Japan  the Cayman Islands or South Africa or any other jurisdiction in which such distribution or release would be unlawful or would require registration or other measures. This announcement does not contain or constitute an offer of securities for sale or an invitation or offer to the public for securities in any jurisdiction.In the EEA  this announcement is only directed at persons who are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (EU 2017/1129) as amended. In the United Kingdom  this announcement is directed only at ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230525005640/en/ContactsENQUIRIESBrigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp.c/o Brigade Capital Management  LP399 Park Avenue  16th FloorNew York  NY 10022Email: BrigadeM3EAC@brigadecapital.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.11,0.26,0.63,True,English,"['Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp.', 'Redemption notice', 'Event Date Business Combination Deadline', 'Brigade-M3 European Acquisition Corp.', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'special purpose acquisition company', 'various potential targets', 'pro rata part', 'Last trading day', '$10.00 initial subscription price', 'expected key dates', 'sponsor shareholder approval', 'regulated market', 'expected price', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Record date', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'Cayman Islands', 'limited liability', 'ordinary shares', 'share capital', 'explorative talks', 'extensive efforts', 'Escrow Account', 'Listing Agent', '$0.20 escrow overfunding', 'additional capital', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'other measures', 'sponsor shares', 'sponsor warrants', 'public warrants', 'IMPORTANT INFORMATION', 'inside information', 'unit shares', 'suitable target', 'Indicative timetable', 'other jurisdiction', 'IPO prospectus', 'outstanding securities', 'press release', 'exempted company', 'The Board', 'redemption proceeds', '21 April', 'laws', '14 June', 'directors', 'Units', 'accordance', 'terms', 'conditions', 'articles', 'association', '14 December', 'period', 'selection', 'disclosure', 'amount', 'holders', 'payment', 'accrued', 'interest', 'exchange', 'delivery', 'intermediary', 'result', 'value', 'distribution', 'respect', 'Expiration', '21 June', 'Post-Redemption', 'amended', 'memorandum', 'order', 'purposing', 'continuation', 'treasury', 'future', 'meaning', 'DISCLAIMER', 'announcement', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'registration', 'offer', 'sale', 'invitation', 'EEA', 'persons', 'investors']",2023-05-25,2023-05-25,finance.yahoo.com
25352,EuroNext,Bing API,https://pipelinereview.com/index.php/2023052583350/DNA-RNA-and-Cells/Transgene-and-BioInvent-Report-Positive-Phase-Ia-Data-on-Oncolytic-Virus-BT-001-in-Solid-Tumors.html,Transgene and BioInvent Report Positive Phase Ia Data on Oncolytic Virus BT-001 in Solid Tumors,La Merie Publishing prepares brief and full reports as well as competitor analysis reports  the latter in a tabulated format with structured listings of industry-relevant data. One of our top-selling.,Transgene and BioInvent Report Positive Phase Ia Data on Oncolytic Virus BT-001 in Solid TumorsDetails Category: DNA RNA and Cells Published on Thursday  25 May 2023 15:24 Hits: 194Treatment of all Phase Ia cohorts in monotherapy completed with no safety concernsStabilization of injected lesions in 11/18 patientsAn independent Safety Review Committee has approved initiation of the combination trial with pembrolizumabSTRASBOURG  France & LUND  Sweden I May 25  2023 I Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapeutics against cancer  and BioInvent International AB (“BioInvent”) (Nasdaq Stockholm: BINV)  a biotech company focused on the discovery and development of novel and first-in-class immune-modulatory antibodies for cancer immunotherapy  today announce positive Phase Ia data on the oncolytic virus BT-001 for the treatment of solid tumors.Treatment with single agent BT-001 in 18 patients has now been completed with no safety concerns reported. Patients had at least one accessible superficial lesion and were studied in three dose-escalating cohorts. BT-001 stabilized the injected lesions in eleven patients in total: two at the 106 pfu dose (n=6)  five at 107 pfu (n=6) and four at 108 pfu (n=6). Furthermore  objective antitumor activity  defined as decrease of injected lesion size of 50% or more  was observed in one patient in the 106 pfu cohort (n=6) and one patient in the 107 pfu cohort (n=6).Transgene and BioInvent are co-developing BT-001  an oncolytic virus developed using Transgene’s Invir.IO® platform encoding BioInvent’s anti-CTLA-4 antibody to elicit a strong and effective anti-tumoral response. The drug is currently being evaluated in a Phase I/IIa clinical trial as a single agent and in combination with the PD-1 checkpoint inhibitor KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) against solid tumors.Previously reported Phase I data confirmed the mechanism of action of BT-001 as a single agent and demonstrated first signs of anti-tumor activity.Based on these results  the independent Safety Review Committee (SRC) has now approved initiation of the combination part of the trial with pembrolizumab. The first patient in this Phase I part B is expected to be enrolled in H2 2023.“These data are a further positive indication of the efficacy of BT-001 against solid tumors. While the advanced disease setting of this first in human trial did not allow long-term monitoring of patients  the effect on injected lesions has the potential to translate into the induction of a systemic immune response  antitumor effect and ultimately clinical benefit in combination with pembrolizumab. There were no safety concerns and antitumor activity was observed even at the lowest dose. We are looking forward to investigating BT-001 further in combination with pembrolizumab ” commented Martin Welschof  CEO of BioInvent and Dr. Alessandro Riva  Chairman of Transgene.About the trialThe ongoing Phase I/IIa (NCT: 04725331) study is a multicenter  open label  dose-escalation trial evaluating BT-001 as a single agent and in combination with pembrolizumab (anti-PD-1 treatment). Patient inclusions are ongoing in Europe (France  Belgium) and the trial has been authorized in the US.This Phase I is divided into two parts. In part A  patients with metastatic/advanced tumors receive single agent  intra-tumoral administrations of BT-001. Part B will explore the combination of intra-tumoral injections of BT-001 with pembrolizumab. In this part  KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) will be provided to the trial by MSD (Merck & Co).The Phase IIa will evaluate the combination regimen in several patient cohorts with selected tumor types. These expansion cohorts will offer the possibility of exploring the activity of this approach to treat other malignancies not traditionally addressed with this type of treatment.About BT-001BT-001 is an oncolytic virus generated using Transgene’s Invir.IO® platform and its patented large-capacity VV cop TK-RR- oncolytic virus  which has been engineered to encode both a Treg-depleting human recombinant anti-CTLA-4 antibody generated by BioInvent’s proprietary n-CoDeR®/F.I.R.S.T™ platforms  and the human GM-CSF cytokine. By selectively targeting the tumor microenvironment  BT-001 is expected to elicit a much stronger and more effective antitumoral response. As a consequence  by reducing systemic exposure  the safety and tolerability profile of the anti-CTLA-4 antibody may be greatly improved.BT-001 is being co-developed as part of a 50/50 collaboration on oncolytic viruses between Transgene and BioInvent. To know more on BT-001  watch our video here.About TransgeneTransgene (Euronext: TNG) is a biotechnology company focused on designing and developing targeted immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. Transgene’s programs utilize viral vector technology with the goal of indirectly or directly killing cancer cells.The Company’s clinical-stage programs consist of a portfolio of therapeutic vaccines and oncolytic viruses:TG4050  the first individualized therapeutic vaccine based on the myvac® platform  TG4001 for the treatment of HPV-positive cancers  as well as TG6002  BT-001 and TG6050  three oncolytic viruses based on the Invir.IO® viral backbone.With Transgene’s myvac® platform  therapeutic vaccination enters the field of precision medicine with a novel immunotherapy that is fully tailored to each individual. The myvac® approach allows the generation of a virus-based immunotherapy that encodes patient-specific mutations identified and selected by Artificial Intelligence capabilities provided by its partner NEC.With its proprietary platform Invir.IO®  Transgene is building on its viral vector engineering expertise to design a new generation of multifunctional oncolytic viruses.Additional information about Transgene is available at: www.transgene.frFollow us on social media: Twitter: @TransgeneSA – LinkedIn: @TransgeneAbout BioInventBioInvent International AB (Nasdaq Stockholm: BINV) is a clinical-stage biotech company that discovers and develops novel and first-in-class immuno-modulatory antibodies for cancer therapy  with currently four drug candidates in five ongoing clinical programs in Phase 1/2 trials for the treatment of hematological cancer and solid tumors  respectively. The Company's validated  proprietary F.I.R.S.T™ technology platform identifies both targets and the antibodies that bind to them  generating many promising new drug candidates to fuel the Company's own clinical development pipeline and providing licensing and partnering opportunities.The Company generates revenues from research collaborations and license agreements with multiple top-tier pharmaceutical companies  as well as from producing antibodies for third parties in the Company's fully integrated manufacturing unit. More information is available at www.bioinvent.com. Follow on Twitter: @BioInvent.More information is available at www.bioinvent.com.SOURCE: Transgene,neutral,0.0,0.89,0.11,mixed,0.21,0.13,0.66,True,English,"['Positive Phase Ia Data', 'BioInvent Report', 'Oncolytic Virus', 'Solid Tumors', 'Transgene', 'proprietary n-CoDeR®/F.I.R.S.T™ platforms', 'Treg-depleting human recombinant anti-CTLA-4 antibody', 'independent Safety Review Committee', 'one accessible superficial lesion', 'Positive Phase Ia Data', 'Phase I part B', 'Phase I/IIa clinical trial', 'Phase I data', 'ongoing Phase I/IIa', 'Phase Ia cohorts', 'human GM-CSF cytokine', 'class immune-modulatory antibodies', 'Invir.IO® platform', 'effective anti-tumoral response', 'PD-1 checkpoint inhibitor', 'advanced disease setting', 'Dr. Alessandro Riva', 'large-capacity VV cop', 'effective antitumoral response', 'viral vector technology', 'three dose-escalating cohorts', 'The Phase IIa', 'systemic immune response', 'several patient cohorts', 'first individualized therapeutic', 'BioInvent International AB', 'TK-RR- oncolytic virus', 'objective antitumor activity', 'positive indication', 'human trial', 'lesion size', 'clinical benefit', 'one patient', 'expansion cohorts', 'first patient', 'safety concerns', 'systemic exposure', 'The Company', 'therapeutic vaccines', 'first signs', 'Patient inclusions', 'oncolytic viruses', 'Solid Tumors', 'Details Category', 'DNA RNA', 'biotech company', 'virus-based immunotherapeutics', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'single agent', 'anti-tumor activity', 'long-term monitoring', 'lowest dose', 'Martin Welschof', 'two parts', 'part A', 'metastatic/advanced tumors', 'intra-tumoral administrations', 'intra-tumoral injections', 'tumor types', 'other malignancies', 'tumor microenvironment', 'tolerability profile', '50/50 collaboration', 'biotechnology company', 'targeted immunotherapies', 'antitumor effect', 'dose-escalation trial', '106 pfu dose', '106 pfu cohort', '107 pfu cohort', 'Euronext Paris', 'cancer immunotherapy', 'clinical-stage programs', 'BioInvent Report', 'combination part', 'combination regimen', '11/18 patients', 'anti-PD-1 treatment', 'combination trial', 'cancer cells', '108 pfu', 'Transgene', 'Thursday', 'May', '24 Hits', 'monotherapy', 'Stabilization', 'lesions', 'initiation', 'pembrolizumab', 'STRASBOURG', 'France', 'LUND', 'Sweden', 'TNG', 'BINV', 'discovery', 'development', 'novel', 'BT-001', 'total', 'decrease', 'strong', 'drug', 'mechanism', 'action', 'results', 'SRC', 'H2', 'efficacy', 'potential', 'induction', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'study', 'Europe', 'Belgium', 'MSD', 'Merck', 'possibility', 'approach', 'consequence', 'video', 'goal', 'portfolio']",2023-05-25,2023-05-25,pipelinereview.com
