UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
749,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse and Swiss state-run telecom Swisscom have settled securities transactions using different blockchain protocols.,nan,Deutsche Boerse and Swiss state-run telecom Swisscom have settled securities transactions using different blockchain protocols.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Swiss state-run telecom Swisscom', 'different blockchain protocols', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'securities transactions', 'Swiss state-run telecom Swisscom', 'different blockchain protocols', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'securities transactions']",2022-03-15,2022-03-22,Unknown
784,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Brian Rosenberg  Qontigo’s Chief Revenue Officer  and other Deutsche Börse Group leaders participated at an info se… https://t.co/7MTgfCo2wP,nan,Brian Rosenberg  Qontigo’s Chief Revenue Officer  and other Deutsche Börse Group leaders participated at an info se… https://t.co/7MTgfCo2wP,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['other Deutsche Börse Group leaders', 'Chief Revenue Officer', 'Brian Rosenberg', 'Qontigo', 'info', 'MTgfCo2wP', 'other Deutsche Börse Group leaders', 'Chief Revenue Officer', 'Brian Rosenberg', 'Qontigo', 'info', 'MTgfCo2wP']",2022-03-16,2022-03-22,Unknown
818,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@TedKempCNBC @LesliePicker @smeredith19 Doesn’t matterEuroclear and Clearstream won’t accept RUB as a valid currencyDTC only handles USD,nan,@TedKempCNBC @LesliePicker @smeredith19 Doesn’t matterEuroclear and Clearstream won’t accept RUB as a valid currencyDTC only handles USD,negative,0.02,0.46,0.52,negative,0.02,0.46,0.52,True,English,"['valid currency', 'TedKempCNBC', 'LesliePicker', 'smeredith19', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'RUB', 'DTC', 'USD', 'valid currency', 'TedKempCNBC', 'LesliePicker', 'smeredith19', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'RUB', 'DTC', 'USD']",2022-03-17,2022-03-22,Unknown
992,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,German securities trading marketplace Deutsche Börse has announced plans for around $315 mln of spending on new tec… https://t.co/u267aqkOBF,nan,German securities trading marketplace Deutsche Börse has announced plans for around $315 mln of spending on new tec… https://t.co/u267aqkOBF,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['German securities trading marketplace', 'Deutsche Börse', 'plans', '$315 mln', 'spending', 'u267aqkOBF', 'German securities trading marketplace', 'Deutsche Börse', 'plans', '$315 mln', 'spending', 'u267aqkOBF']",2022-03-18,2022-03-22,Unknown
1039,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Cyber Defense Team of Deutsche Börse &amp; Clearstream is expanding. New opportunities for Threat Hunting  Machine Lear… https://t.co/WYRUzxmT4h,nan,Cyber Defense Team of Deutsche Börse &amp; Clearstream is expanding. New opportunities for Threat Hunting  Machine Lear… https://t.co/WYRUzxmT4h,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['Cyber Defense Team', 'Deutsche Börse', 'New opportunities', 'Threat Hunting', 'Machine Lear', 'Clearstream', 'WYRUzxmT4h', 'Cyber Defense Team', 'Deutsche Börse', 'New opportunities', 'Threat Hunting', 'Machine Lear', 'Clearstream', 'WYRUzxmT4h']",2022-03-19,2022-03-22,Unknown
1040,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse  Commerzbank and MEAG have piloted a post-trade securities transaction via tokens.,nan,Deutsche Boerse  Commerzbank and MEAG have piloted a post-trade securities transaction via tokens.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['post-trade securities transaction', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Commerzbank', 'MEAG', 'tokens', 'post-trade securities transaction', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Commerzbank', 'MEAG', 'tokens']",2022-03-19,2022-03-22,Unknown
1049,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,#BoycottRussia Deutsche Telekom employs in St. Petersburg russians on a large scale and has decided to stay in Rus… https://t.co/Gin0IuUo46,nan,#BoycottRussia Deutsche Telekom employs in St. Petersburg russians on a large scale and has decided to stay in Rus… https://t.co/Gin0IuUo46,neutral,0.03,0.73,0.24,neutral,0.03,0.73,0.24,True,English,"['Deutsche Telekom', 'St. Petersburg', 'large scale', 'russians', 'Gin0IuUo46', 'Deutsche Telekom', 'St. Petersburg', 'large scale', 'russians', 'Gin0IuUo46']",2022-03-20,2022-03-22,Unknown
1050,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@Boycott_RU @jakluge @MelnykAndrij @deutschetelekom  wants to continue operating its IT from Russia. Deutsche Tele… https://t.co/Ht8YEyBjIR,nan,@Boycott_RU @jakluge @MelnykAndrij @deutschetelekom  wants to continue operating its IT from Russia. Deutsche Tele… https://t.co/Ht8YEyBjIR,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['Deutsche Tele', 'Boycott_RU', 'jakluge', 'MelnykAndrij', 'IT', 'Russia', 'Ht8YEyBjIR', 'Deutsche Tele', 'Boycott_RU', 'jakluge', 'MelnykAndrij', 'IT', 'Russia', 'Ht8YEyBjIR']",2022-03-20,2022-03-22,Unknown
1069,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/euroclear-joins-bank-backed-blockchain-payment-system-2022-03-21/,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system - Reuters.com,Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of established institutions teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.,"LONDON  March 21 (Reuters) - Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of established institutions teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.Belgium-headquartered Euroclear said it had bought a small stake in the three-year old consortium Fnality as it moves deeper into distributed ledger technology (DLT) or blockchain  the technology which underpins cryptoassets like bitcoin.Euroclear which settles stock and bond trades  the final leg of a transaction where cash is swapped for legal ownership of an asset  said the aim was to settle tokenised assets  or digital securities  against digital cash on DLT in a faster and more efficient way.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterFnality  whose founding shareholders include more than a dozen global banks  said Euroclear's involvement would expand the consortium's footprint in market infrastructure  the financial system's basic plumbing  as it moves from testing to implementing its plan this year.""This has obvious positive implications for the execution of our business "" Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram said in a statement.Fnality aims to replace some of the cumbersome processes and paperwork involved in transferring value between financial organisations by using digital versions of currencies.The Bank of England gave the green light last year to a new type of account at the central bank to cater for a wider range of anticipated payments systems  including those based on blockchain.Fnality submitted an application to the BoE to become an operator of such an account and is due to go live with its pound sterling payment system in October.Euroclear  which settled the equivalent of 992 trillion euros ($1 095 trillion) in securities last year  is owned by a group of banks and exchanges  including Euronext (ENX.PA) and the London Stock Exchange Group .Fnality's founding shareholders include Banco Santander (SAN.MC)  BNY Mellon (BK.N)  Barclays (BARC.L)  CIBC (CM.TO)  Commerzbank (CBKG.DE)  Credit Suisse (CSGN.S)  ING (INGA.AS)  KBC Group (KBC.BR)  Lloyds Banking Group   Mizuho Bank (8411.T)  MUFG Bank (8306.T)  Nasdaq (NDAQ.O)  State Street Corporation (STT.N)  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (8316.T) and UBS (UBSG.S).($1 = 0.9062 euros)Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterReporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Edmund BlairOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,positive,0.52,0.36,0.11,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'Reuters', 'Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation', 'a dozen global banks', 'pound sterling payment system', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'State Street Corporation', 'FREE unlimited access', 'Reuters.com Register', 'obvious positive implications', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'Securities settlement house', 'distributed ledger technology', 'three-year old consortium', 'The Bank', 'financial system', 'KBC Group', 'latest sign', 'crypto tech', 'small stake', 'bond trades', 'final leg', 'legal ownership', 'digital securities', 'efficient way', 'founding shareholders', 'market infrastructure', 'basic plumbing', 'cumbersome processes', 'financial organisations', 'digital versions', 'green light', 'new type', 'central bank', 'wider range', 'payments systems', 'Banco Santander', 'BNY Mellon', 'BK.N', 'BARC.L', 'CBKG.DE', 'Credit Suisse', 'INGA.AS', 'KBC.BR', 'Mizuho Bank', 'MUFG Bank', 'NDAQ.O', 'STT.N', 'Huw Jones', 'Edmund Blair', 'digital cash', '992 trillion euros', 'Belgium-headquartered Euroclear', 'tokenised assets', '0.9062 euros', 'Monday', 'institutions', 'newcomers', 'DLT', 'blockchain', 'cryptoassets', 'bitcoin', 'transaction', 'aim', 'involvement', 'footprint', 'testing', 'plan', 'execution', 'business', 'statement', 'paperwork', 'value', 'currencies', 'England', 'account', 'application', 'BoE', 'operator', 'October', 'equivalent', 'exchanges', 'Euronext', 'ENX.', 'MC', 'Barclays', 'CIBC', 'Commerzbank', 'CSGN', 'Nasdaq', 'UBS', 'Reporting', 'Editing', 'Standards']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,reuters.com
1070,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euroclear-joins-bank-backed-blockchain-001051591.html,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system,Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of...,"By Huw JonesLONDON (Reuters) - Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of established institutions teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.Belgium-headquartered Euroclear said it had bought a small stake in the three-year old consortium Fnality as it moves deeper into distributed ledger technology (DLT) or blockchain  the technology which underpins cryptoassets like bitcoin.Euroclear which settles stock and bond trades  the final leg of a transaction where cash is swapped for legal ownership of an asset  said the aim was to settle tokenised assets  or digital securities  against digital cash on DLT in a faster and more efficient way.Fnality  whose founding shareholders include more than a dozen global banks  said Euroclear's involvement would expand the consortium's footprint in market infrastructure  the financial system's basic plumbing  as it moves from testing to implementing its plan this year.""This has obvious positive implications for the execution of our business "" Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram said in a statement.Fnality aims to replace some of the cumbersome processes and paperwork involved in transferring value between financial organisations by using digital versions of currencies.The Bank of England gave the green light last year to a new type of account at the central bank to cater for a wider range of anticipated payments systems  including those based on blockchain.Fnality submitted an application to the BoE to become an operator of such an account and is due to go live with its pound sterling payment system in October.Euroclear  which settled the equivalent of 992 trillion euros ($1 095 trillion) in securities last year  is owned by a group of banks and exchanges  including Euronext and the London Stock Exchange Group.Fnality's founding shareholders include Banco Santander  BNY Mellon  Barclays  CIBC  Commerzbank  Credit Suisse  ING  KBC Group  Lloyds Banking Group  Mizuho Bank  MUFG Bank  Nasdaq  State Street Corporation  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and UBS.($1 = 0.9062 euros)(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Edmund Blair)",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.52,0.36,0.11,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram', 'Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation', 'a dozen global banks', 'pound sterling payment system', 'Securities settlement house Euroclear', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'State Street Corporation', 'obvious positive implications', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'distributed ledger technology', 'three-year old consortium', 'financial system', 'KBC Group', 'digital securities', 'Huw Jones', 'latest sign', 'crypto tech', 'small stake', 'bond trades', 'final leg', 'legal ownership', 'efficient way', 'founding shareholders', 'market infrastructure', 'basic plumbing', 'cumbersome processes', 'financial organisations', 'digital versions', 'The Bank', 'green light', 'new type', 'central bank', 'wider range', 'payments systems', 'Banco Santander', 'BNY Mellon', 'Credit Suisse', 'Mizuho Bank', 'MUFG Bank', 'Edmund Blair', 'Belgium-headquartered Euroclear', 'digital cash', '992 trillion euros', 'tokenised assets', '0.9062 euros', 'Reuters', 'Monday', 'institutions', 'newcomers', 'DLT', 'blockchain', 'cryptoassets', 'bitcoin', 'transaction', 'aim', 'involvement', 'footprint', 'testing', 'plan', 'execution', 'business', 'statement', 'paperwork', 'value', 'currencies', 'England', 'account', 'application', 'BoE', 'operator', 'October', 'equivalent', 'exchanges', 'Euronext', 'Barclays', 'CIBC', 'Commerzbank', 'Nasdaq', 'UBS', 'Editing']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1071,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/huhtam-ki-oyj-notice-annual-070000975.html,Huhtamäki Oyj: Notice to the Annual General Meeting,HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 21.3.2022 AT 9:00 EET Huhtamäki Oyj: Notice to the Annual General Meeting Notice is given to the shareholders of...,"Huhtamäki OyjHUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 21.3.2022 AT 9:00 EETHuhtamäki Oyj: Notice to the Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Huhtamäki Oyj (the ""Company"") to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  April 27  2022 at 11.00 a.m. (EEST) at the Company's headquarters at Revontulenkuja 1  02100 Espoo  Finland. The Board of Directors of the Company has decided that  due to the COVID-19 pandemic  the Annual General Meeting will be held under exceptional meeting procedures based on the Finnish temporary legislative act (375/2021).The Annual General Meeting will be held without shareholders' and their proxy representatives' presence at the meeting venue to ensure the health and safety of shareholders  personnel and other stakeholders. Shareholders of the Company and their proxy representatives may participate in the meeting and exercise shareholder rights only through voting in advance as well as by making counterproposals and presenting questions in advance. Instructions for shareholders are presented in this notice under section C. ""Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting"".Shareholders are also invited to follow a webcast after the Annual General Meeting starting at 2.00 p.m. (EEST)  during which the Chair of the Board of Directors and other Company representatives will cover Huhtamaki's 2021 key initiatives and results  and the shareholders have the opportunity to present questions. The instructions regarding the webcast are available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com). Please note that the webcast is not regarded as a part of the Annual General Meeting. Any questions which shareholders wish to present under Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act are therefore required to be asked in advance in accordance with the instructions presented in this notice under section C. ""Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting"".Story continuesA. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe following matters will be considered at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to orderThe Chair of the Annual General Meeting will be Seppo Kymäläinen  Attorney-at-law. In case Seppo Kymäläinen would not be able to act as the Chair of the Annual General Meeting for a weighty reason  the Board of Directors will name another person it deems most suitable to act as the Chair.3. Election of the person to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of votesThe person to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of votes will be Sami Pauni  Group General Counsel. In case Sami Pauni would not be able to act as the person to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of votes for a weighty reason  the Board of Directors will name another person it deems most suitable to act in that role.4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votesThe shareholders who have voted in advance within the advance voting period and who have the right to participate in the meeting pursuant to Chapter 5  Sections 6 and 6a of the Finnish Companies Act will be recorded to have been represented at the meeting. The list of votes will be adopted according to the information provided by Euroclear Finland Ltd.6. Presentation of the Annual Accounts including the Consolidated Annual Accounts  the Directors' Report and the Auditor's Report for the year 2021As participation in the Annual General Meeting is possible only in advance  the Annual Report published by the Company on March 1  2022  including the Company's Annual Accounts  the Consolidated Annual Accounts  the Directors' Report and the Auditor's Report  which is available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com)  will be deemed to have been presented to the Annual General Meeting.7. Adoption of the Annual Accounts including the Consolidated Annual Accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that an aggregate dividend of EUR 0.94 per share be paid based on the balance sheet adopted for the financial period ended on December 31  2021. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid in two instalments.The first dividend instalment  EUR 0.47 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the first dividend instalment April 29  2022. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the first dividend instalment would be on May 6  2022.The second dividend instalment  EUR 0.47 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the second dividend instalment October 3  2022. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the second dividend instalment would be on October 10  2022.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorize the Board of Directors to decide  if necessary  on a new record date and a new payment date for the second dividend instalment if regulations applicable to the Finnish book-entry system change or otherwise so require.No significant changes have taken place in the Company's financial position since the end of the financial year. The Company's liquidity position is good and the proposed distribution does not  in the view of the Board of Directors  risk the Company's ability to fulfill its obligations.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Presentation and adoption of the Remuneration Report for the Governing BodiesAs participation in the Annual General Meeting is possible only in advance  the Remuneration Report 2021  which was published in connection with the Annual Report on March 1  2022  will be deemed to have been presented to the Annual General Meeting. The Report is available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com). The resolution concerning the adoption of the Remuneration Report is advisory.11. Resolution on the remuneration and expense compensation of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors would be paid as follows: to the Chair EUR 160 000  to the Vice-Chair EUR 75 000 and to the other members EUR 62 000 each. In addition  the Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that the annual remuneration to the Chair and members of the Board Committees would be paid as follows: to the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 15 000 and to the other members of the Audit Committee EUR 5 000 as well as to the Chair of the Human Resources Committee EUR 5 000 and to the other members of the Human Resources Committee EUR 2 500. In addition  the Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that EUR 1 500 would be paid for each Board and Committee meeting attended. Except for the increase of the annual remuneration to the Chair of the Board of Directors from EUR 140 000 to EUR 160 000  the remuneration of the Board of Directors would be maintained at its current level. Traveling expenses of the Board members would be compensated in accordance with the Company policy.The Shareholders' Nomination Board recommends all members of the Board of Directors to own shares of Huhtamäki Oyj.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors would be nine (9).13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä  Mr. Doug Baillie  Mr. William R. Barker  Ms. Anja Korhonen  Ms. Kerttu Tuomas  Ms. Sandra Turner and Mr. Ralf K. Wunderlich would be re-elected and  as new members  Ms. Mercedes Alonso and Mr. Heikki Takala would be elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting. In addition  the Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes that Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä would be re-elected as Chair of the Board  and that Ms. Kerttu Tuomas would be re-elected as Vice Chair of the Board.Ms. Mercedes Alonso (born 1966) acts as Executive Vice President  Renewable Polymers and Chemicals  and Member of the Executive Committee at Neste Corporation (2019–). Before that she worked at LyondellBasell as Marketing Director  Advanced Polymer Solutions  Europe (2019) and in several different executive roles at A. Schulman (2013–2019) and at Dow Chemical (1991–2013). Ms. Alonso acts as a Board member of Cefic (European Chemical Industry Council) (2020–). Ms. Alonso holds a M.Sc. (Chem). She is independent of the Company and significant shareholders.Mr. Heikki Takala (born 1966) acts in various advisory roles for private equity and strategy consulting companies. Before that he acted as President and CEO at Amer Sports (2010–2020)  and in several different executive roles at Procter & Gamble (1992–2010)  the latest position being Managing Director  Global Commercial Operations  P&G Professional. Mr. Takala acts as a Board member of Paulig Group (2021–). Mr. Takala holds a M.Sc. (Econ). He is independent of the Company and significant shareholders.The biographical details of all candidates are presented on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com) at the Investors section.All of the candidates have given their consent to the election.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor's remuneration would be paid against an invoice approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.15. Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors  that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorized public accountants  would be re-elected as Auditor for the financial year January 1 – December 31  2022. KPMG Oy Ab has announced that Mr. Henrik Holmbom  APA  would be the Auditor with principal responsibility.The recommendation of the Audit Committee is included in the proposal of the Board of Directors available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com).16. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of an aggregate maximum of 10 776 038 of the Company's own shares  subject to the number of shares held by the Company at any given moment not exceeding 10 percent of all the shares of the Company. Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorization only by using non-restricted equity.Own shares may be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The Board of Directors resolves on how shares are repurchased. Own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase). The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2023.17. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act as follows: the aggregate number of new shares to be issued may not exceed 10 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 9.3 percent of the current shares of the Company  and the aggregate number of own treasury shares to be transferred may not exceed 4 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 3.7 percent of the current shares of the Company.The Board of Directors resolves on all the terms and conditions of the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares  and may deviate from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights (directed issue). The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2023.18. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe above-mentioned proposals for the resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  this notice and the Company's Remuneration Report are available on Huhtamäki Oyj's website (www.huhtamaki.com). The Annual Report  which includes the Company's Annual Accounts  the Consolidated Annual Accounts  the Directors' Report and the Auditor's Report  is also available on the above-mentioned website. The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website on May 11  2022  at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGIn accordance with exceptional meeting procedures based on the Finnish temporary legislative act (375/2021)  the Annual General Meeting will be organized so that the shareholders and their proxies will not be present at the meeting venue. Shareholders and their proxies will also not be able to participate in the Annual General Meeting through real-time telecommunications. Shareholders and their proxies can participate in the Annual General Meeting and use their shareholder rights only by voting in advance and by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance in the manner instructed below.1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder  who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 13  2022 in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  is entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company. Shareholders cannot participate in the Annual General Meeting by any other means than voting in advance  as well as by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance in the manner instructed below.2. Registration and advance votingRegistration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting will begin on March 28  2022 at 10.00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest  following the deadline for submitting counterproposals. A shareholder with a Finnish book-entry account who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting must register for the Annual General Meeting and vote in advance no later than April 20  2022 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration and votes need to have been received.When registering  requested information  such as the name  personal identification number  address and telephone number of the shareholder as well as requested information on a possible proxy representative such as the name and personal identification number of the proxy representative  must be provided. The personal data given by the shareholder to Huhtamäki Oyj and Euroclear Finland Ltd will be used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.A shareholder may register and vote in advance within the registration and advance voting period by the following means:a. Through the website of Huhtamäki Oyj at www.huhtamaki.comFor natural persons  registration and advance voting through the website requires strong electronic authentication. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.For shareholders that are legal persons  strong electronic authentication is not required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must notify their book-entry account number and other required information. If a shareholder that is a legal person uses the electronic Suomi.fi authorization  registration requires strong electronic authentication of the authorized representative  which can be conducted with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b. By email or mailA shareholder may send the advance voting form available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com) or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Ltd by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu or by letter to Euroclear Finland Ltd  Yhtiökokous  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki. If the shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by sending the votes in advance to Euroclear Finland Ltd in the manner instructed above  this also constitutes registration for the Annual General Meeting if the shareholder simultaneously provides the information required for registration mentioned above.Instructions relating to the advance voting are available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com).3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may also participate in the Annual General Meeting through a proxy representative. The proxy representative of a shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting only by voting in advance on behalf of the shareholder in the manner instructed above.A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents should be delivered by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu or by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Ltd  Yhtiökokous  PL 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki  Finland  before the end of the registration period  by which time the documents must be received by Euroclear Finland Ltd.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of a traditional proxy document. In this case  the shareholder that is a legal person shall authorize an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic ""Representation at the General Meeting"". The assignee must then identify himself or herself with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic authorization is automatically checked. The strong electronic authentication can be conducted with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. More information is available at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which s/he on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e. on April 13  2022  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd by April 22  2022 at 10.00 a.m. (EEST)  at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders' register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the Company's shareholders' register by the time stated above at the latest. In addition  the account management organization of the custodian bank shall arrange advance voting on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares.5. Other instructions and informationShareholders who hold at least one hundredth of all the shares in the Company have the right to make a counterproposal concerning the items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting to be placed for a vote. Such counterproposals are required to be sent to the Company by email to agm@huhtamaki.com no later than March 25  2022 at 12.00 noon (EET). In connection with making a counterproposal  shareholders are required to provide adequate evidence of shareholding. The counterproposal will be placed for a vote subject to the shareholders who made the proposal having the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and that the shareholders hold at least one hundredth of all shares in the Company on the record date of the Annual General Meeting. Should the counterproposal not be placed for a vote at the Annual General Meeting  advance votes in favor of the proposal will not be taken into account. The Company will publish possible counterproposals to be put to a vote on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com) no later than March 28  2022.A shareholder has the right to ask questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting. Such questions must be sent by email to agm@huhtamaki.com no later than April 11  2022 at 12.00 noon (EEST). Such questions from shareholders  the Company's management's answers to them  and any counterproposals that have not been placed for a vote are available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com) on April 14  2022 at the latest. In connection with asking questions and making counterproposals  shareholders are required to provide adequate evidence of shareholding.Information on the Annual General Meeting required by the Finnish Companies Act and the Securities Markets Act is available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com).At the time of the announcement of this notice on March 21  2022  the total number of shares and votes in Huhtamäki Oyj is 107 760 385  which includes 3 395 709 own shares held by the Company or its subsidiaries. Such own shares held by the Company or its subsidiaries do not have voting rights at the Annual General Meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting will not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes of such shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.Espoo  March 21  2022Huhtamäki OyjThe Board of DirectorsFurther information  please contact:Sami Pauni  Executive Vice President  Corporate Affairs and Legal  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 (0)10 686 7872About HuhtamakiHuhtamaki is a key global provider of sustainable packaging solutions for consumers around the world  enabling wellbeing and convenience. Our innovative products protect on-the-go and on-the-shelf food and beverages  ensuring hygiene and safety  and help prevent food waste. We embed sustainability in everything we do. We are committed to achieving carbon neutral production and designing all our products to be recyclable  compostable or reusable by 2030.We are a participant in the UN Global Compact and EcoVadis has awarded Huhtamaki with the Gold medal for performance in sustainability. To play our part in managing climate change  we have set science-based targets that have been approved and validated by the Science Based Targets initiative.With 100 years of history and a strong Nordic heritage we operate in 38 countries and 114 operating locations around the world. Our values Care Dare Deliver guide our decisions and help our team of 19 600 employees make a difference where it matters. Our 2021 net sales totaled EUR 3.6 billion. Huhtamaki Group is headquartered in Espoo  Finland and our parent company  Huhtamäki Oyj  is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. Find out more about how we are protecting food  people and the planet at www.huhtamaki.com.",neutral,0.02,0.94,0.05,mixed,0.33,0.28,0.39,True,English,"['Huhtamäki Oyj', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Seppo Kymäläinen', 'Finnish temporary legislative act', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Group General Counsel', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'exceptional meeting procedures', 'Consolidated Annual Accounts', ""proxy representatives' presence"", 'advance voting period', 'other Company representatives', 'other stakeholders', 'financial period', 'Annual Report', 'aggregate dividend', 'meeting venue', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'shareholder rights', '2021 key initiatives', 'A. MATTERS', 'following matters', 'weighty reason', 'Sami Pauni', 'balance sheet', 'two instalments', 'record date', 'payment date', 'section C.', 'The Board', ""Directors' Report"", '9:00 EET', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'EEST', 'headquarters', 'Revontulenkuja', '02100 Espoo', 'health', 'safety', 'personnel', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'webcast', 'Chair', 'Huhtamaki', 'results', 'opportunity', 'website', 'Chapter', 'accordance', 'Story', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Attorney', 'law', 'case', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'role', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Sections', 'information', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'year', 'participation', 'March', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'distribution', 'December', 'register', 'May', 'Octo', '11.00', '2.00']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1072,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-swedish-091900558.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Swedish Match AB (publ),The shareholders of Swedish Match AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556015-0756  are hereby notified of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on Wednesday  April 27 ...,"STOCKHOLM  March 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Swedish Match AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556015-0756  are hereby notified of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on Wednesday  April 27  2022. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic  the AGM will be conducted pursuant to so called mail-in procedures  meaning that no shareholders will attend the AGM in person or through proxy. Instead  shareholders can participate in the AGM by voting and submitting questions in advance pursuant to the instructions described below.In order to participate in the AGM  a shareholder mustbe registered in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Tuesday  April 19  2022  and notify attendance at the AGM no later than Tuesday  April 26  2022.The exercise of voting rights in accordance with the mail-in procedure will be considered as a notification from the shareholder to attend the meeting.Shareholders whose shares are registered in the names of banks or other nominees must temporarily register the shares in their own name in order to be entitled to participate in the AGM via the mail-in process. Shareholders who wish to register their shares in their own names must request that the nominee make such registration. Voting rights registration that has been requested by the shareholder in such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than Thursday  April 21  2022 will be taken into account in the preparation of the shareholders' register.The shareholders may request in the advance voting form that a resolution on one or several of the matters on the proposed agenda below should be deferred to a so-called continued general meeting  which cannot be conducted solely by way of advance voting. Such general meeting shall take place if the AGM so resolves or if shareholders with at least one tenth of all shares in the company so requests.A. Overview of Mail-In procedures for the AGMDue to the COVID-19 pandemic and in order to ensure the health and safety of the Company's shareholders  employees and other stakeholders  the Board of Directors of Swedish Match AB has resolved on extraordinary meeting procedures pursuant to Section 22 of the temporary act on general meetings (2022:121) (the ""Temporary Act""). Specifically  the following procedures will apply:Story continuesThe AGM will take place on Wednesday  April 27  2022. However  no shareholders  proxy holders or other external persons will be able to attend in person. Shareholders will only be able to participate in the AGM by voting on the matters and the proposals on the meeting agenda and submitting questions to the Company in advance. See Section B  below  for more details on how. The Agenda for the AGM is as set forth below in Section C  with certain items being further explained in Section D. There will be no webcast in connection with the AGM. A press release will be issued following the AGM informing of those material items that are approved by the AGM as soon as the outcome of the mail-in voting procedure has been finally established. Details of the actual voting results will be included in the minutes of the meeting and will be published within two weeks thereafter.At the time of the issue of this Notice of AGM  the total number of shares in the Company amounts to 1 580 000 000 shares  corresponding to 1 580 000 000 votes in total. The Company holds 56 184 810 shares as of the date of this notice which may not be represented at the Meeting.B. Process for Advanced voting and QuestionsA shareholder can exercise its shareholder's rights at the AGM by in advance (A) voting on the items on the agenda of the AGM  and (B) submitting questions to the Company.Any registered shareholder intending to participate in the AGM (via advanced voting or questions)  must submit the following information in connection with their respective submissions:the shareholder's name personal or organization number postal address email address  andtelephone number.The data received will be computerized and used solely for the purpose of the 2022 AGM. For information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.For shareholders wishing to participate through an authorized representative (i.e.  where such authorized representative is the one submitting advanced voting or questions on behalf of such shareholder)  the Company will provide power of attorney templates on the Company's website. Shareholders participating through an authorized representative must submit the power of attorney together with the voting form or question. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a copy of a registration certificate or a corresponding document for the legal entity shall be enclosed.B1. Advance votingAdvance voting will be available up until and including Tuesday  April 26  2022. A shareholder can vote in advance by any of the following three methods:Website voting: Voting may be done electronically through signing with BankID on the website of Euroclear Sweden AB https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy Email voting: Voting may be submitted by completing the advance voting form available on the Company's website www.swedishmatch.com/agm and then emailing such form to the following email address GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com  together with any power of attorney and/or other authorization documents (See Section B  above). Regular mail: Voting may be submitted by completing the advance voting form available on the Company's website www.swedishmatch.com/agm and after completion sending a physical copy (i.e.  printed out) of such form  together with any power of attorney and/or other authorization documents (See Section B  above) to the following address  Swedish Match AB (publ)  ""Advance voting 2022 AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O.191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden.A shareholder cannot give any other instructions than selecting one of the options specified at each point in the advanced voting form. A vote (i.e. the postal voting in its entirety) is invalid if the shareholder has modified the form to provide specific instructions or conditions or if pre-printed text is amended or supplemented.The advanced voting form  together with any enclosed power of attorney and other authorization documentation must have been received by Swedish Match no later than on Tuesday  April 26  2022. If received later  the vote will be disregarded.For questions regarding advance voting  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB  ph.+46 (0)8 402 90 42 between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. (CET) weekdays.B2. QuestionsQuestions to the Company can be submitted to Swedish Match up until and including Sunday  April 17  2022. Shareholders wishing to pose questions may do so by any of the following methods:Email: Questions may be submitted by emailing to the following email address investorrelations@swedishmatch.com. Regular mail: Questions may be submitted by regular mail to the following address  Swedish Match AB  ""AGM 2022""  Att: Group Communication  SE-118 85 Stockholm  Sweden.The shareholder must include name of the shareholder and personal or organization number for the question to be answered. The shareholder should also state its postal address  email address and telephone number.Questions submitted by shareholders must have been received by Swedish Match no later than on Sunday  April 17  2022  and will be responded to and published not later than on Friday  April 22  2022. The questions and responses will be available at the Company  Swedish Match AB  Sveavägen 44  Stockholm  Sweden and on the Company's website  www.swedishmatch.com/agm  and will be sent to the shareholder provided the shareholder's address is known by the Company or provided by the shareholder together with the question.The Board of Directors and the CEO shall  upon request of a shareholder  and provided that the Board of Directors deems this can be done without causing major harm to the Company  inform about matters which might affect the assessment of an item on the agenda or circumstances affecting Swedish Match's or its subsidiaries' financial situation or about Swedish Match's relation to another Group entity  or in relation to the consolidated annual report.C. AgendaOpening of the Meeting and election of the Chairman of the Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened. Approval of the Agenda. Resolution on the Remuneration report. Resolution on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and of the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet. Resolution regarding allocation of the Company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet and resolution on a record day for dividend. Resolution regarding discharge from liability in respect of the Board members and the President. Resolution regarding the number of members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the Meeting. Resolution regarding remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors. Election of members of the Board and the Chairman of the Board. Resolution regarding the number of auditors. Resolution regarding remuneration to the auditor. Election of auditor. Resolution regarding: Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisitions of shares in the Company. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of shares in the Company. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to issue new shares.D. ProposalsProposal for resolution under Item 1The Nominating Committee proposes Björn Kristiansson  attorney at law  as the Chairman of the Meeting  or if he is unable to attend the meeting  any other person proposed by the Nominating Committee.Proposal for resolution under Item 2The voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the company  based on the general meeting shareholders' register and received advance votes  and verified by the persons assigned to check the minutes.Proposal for resolution under Item 3The Board of Directors proposes that two minute-checkers be elected  and that Filippa Gerstädt and Peter Lundkvist are elected  or  if someone or both of them are unable to attend the meeting  any other person proposed by Swedish Match's Board of Directors.Proposal for resolution under Item 7Resolution on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and of the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet.Proposal for resolution under Item 8The Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of SEK 1.86 (1.50) per share is distributed to the shareholders in two equal payments of SEK 0.93 per share and that the remaining profits are carried forward. The record date for the first payment is proposed to be on Friday  April 29  2022  and for the second payment on Monday  November 14  2022. If the Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  it is estimated that Euroclear Sweden AB will execute the first payment on Wednesday  May 4  2022  and the second payment on Thursday  November 17  2022.Proposal for resolution under Item 10The Nominating Committee proposes that the Board of Directors shall be down-sized from eight to seven members and no deputies.Proposal for resolution under Item 11The Nominating Committee proposes that remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors will be awarded as follows for the period until the Annual General Meeting 2023 (2021 resolved remuneration within brackets). The Chairman of the Board will be awarded 2 365 000 SEK (2 252 000)  and the other Board members elected by the Meeting shall each be awarded 945 000 SEK (900 000). Furthermore  the Nominating Committee proposes that the Chairman of the Audit Committee will be awarded 383 000 SEK (364 000) and the other members of the Audit Committee will be awarded 164 000 SEK (156 000) each  and that the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee will be awarded 306 000 SEK (291 000) and the other members of the Remuneration Committee 154 000 SEK (146 000) each.Proposal for resolution under Item 12The Nominating Committee proposes re-election of the following members of the Board of Directors for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023: Charles A. Blixt  Jacqueline Hoogerbrugge  Conny Karlsson  Alexander Lacik  Pauline Lindwall  and Joakim Westh. Sanna Suvanto-Harsaae is proposed to be elected as new member of the Board of Directors. Conny Karlsson is proposed to be re-elected as Chairman of the Board.Andrew Cripps and Wenche Rolfsen have declined re-election.Proposal for resolution under Item 13The Nominating Committee proposes the number of auditors to be one and no deputy auditor.Proposal for resolution under Item 14The Nominating Committee proposes that remuneration to the auditor is to be paid according to approved accounts.Proposal for resolution under Item 15The Nominating Committee proposes the re-election of the auditor company Deloitte AB as auditor for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024.Proposal for resolution under Item 16 a)The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares. The purpose of the reduction is allocation to unrestricted equity to be used as resolved by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with Item b) below. The Board of Directors proposes to reduce the Company's share capital with 13 559 080.98 SEK by means of cancellation of 55 000 000 shares in the Company. All shares that are proposed to be cancelled are held by the Company. The resolution to reduce the share capital under this Item a) may be effectuated without obtaining an authorization from the Swedish Companies Registration Office or  in disputed cases  a court of general jurisdiction  as the Company simultaneously effectuates a bonus issue  as set out under Item b) below  with an amount corresponding to no less than the amount the share capital is being reduced with  as set out above. Combined  these measures entail that neither the Company's restricted equity nor its share capital is reduced.Proposal for resolution under Item 16 b)With the purpose of restoring the share capital after the proposed reduction of the share capital  as set out under Item a) above  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting simultaneously resolves to increase the share capital with 13 559 080.98 SEK through a bonus issue. The bonus issue shall be carried out with the amount being transferred from non-restricted equity without the issuance of new shares. The reason for the bonus issue is that if the Company transfers an amount corresponding to the amount by which the share capital is reduced in accordance with the Board's proposal under item 16 a) above  the resolution to reduce the share capital may be passed without obtaining permission from the Swedish Companies Registration Office (sw. Bolagsverket)  or  in disputed cases  the court. The effect of the Board of Directors' proposal under item 16 a) is a reduction in the Company's share capital of 13 559 080.98 SEK. The effect of the Board of Directors' proposal under item 16 b) is a corresponding increase in the Company's share capital through a bonus issue  thereby restoring it to its balance prior to the reduction  as well as a change in the quotient value of the Company's share from approximately 0.25 SEK to approximately 0.26 SEK.Resolutions by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with Items 16 a)-b) above shall be adopted as a joint resolution and require approval by shareholders representing no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting. The Board further proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board to make such minor adjustments to the above resolutions as may be required to file the resolutions with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear Sweden AB and to take such other measures required to execute the resolutions.Proposal for resolution under Item 17The Board of Directors proposes that it be authorized to resolve on acquisition of the Company's own shares  on one or several occasions prior to the next Annual General Meeting  provided that the Company's holding does not at any time exceed 10 percent of all shares in the Company. The shares shall be acquired on Nasdaq Stockholm  other regulated market or on a market equivalent to a regulated market outside the EEA after approval from the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority at a price within the price interval registered at any given time  i.e. the interval between the highest bid price and the lowest selling price. The purpose of the repurchasing right is primarily to enable the Company to adapt its capital structure to its capital needs over time  and thereby contribute to an increased shareholder value.The Board of Directors shall be able to resolve that a purchase of own shares shall be made within a repurchase program in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (""MAR"") and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2016/1052 (the ""Safe Harbour Regulation"") if the purpose of the purchase only is to decrease the Company´s equity.The resolution of the Annual General Meeting with regard to the Board's proposal under Item 17 requires the support of shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Meeting.Proposal for resolution under Item 18The Board of Directors proposes that it be authorized to resolve on transfer of the Company's own shares  on one or several occasions prior to the next Annual General Meeting.The shares may only be transferred in conjunction with the financing of company acquisitions and other types of strategic investments and acquisitions  and the transfers may not exceed the maximum number of treasury shares held by the Company at any given time. Transfer of own shares shall be made on Nasdaq Stockholm  other regulated market or on a market equivalent to a regulated market outside the EEA after approval from the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority at a price within the price interval registered at any given time (i.e. the interval between the highest bid price and the lowest selling price) at the time of the decision regarding the transfer and in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq Stockholm or the relevant market. Transfer of own shares can also be made in another manner in conjunction with the acquisition of companies or operations  where transfer of own shares may be made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. Payment for shares transferred in this manner may be made in cash or through a non-cash issue or offsetting of claims against the Company  or on other specific terms. The reason for the authorization and deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is  where appropriate  to be able to transfer shares in conjunction with the financing of any company acquisitions and other types of strategic investments and acquisitions in a cost-efficient manner.The resolution of the Annual General Meeting with regard to the Board's proposal under Item 18 requires the support of shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Meeting.Proposal for resolution under Item 19The Board of Directors proposes it be authorized to  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting  to issue new ordinary shares on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from shareholders' preferential rights and against payment in cash  in kind or by set-off. The number of shares that may be issued may not exceed a maximum dilution effect of 10 percent of the share capital and votes at the time of the Annual General Meeting 2022. The reasons for the authorization and deviation from shareholders' preferential rights are that the Board wishes to increase the Company's financial flexibility and to allow the Company to issue common shares as payment in connection with acquisitions the Company might make. The subscription price shall be determined according to prevailing market conditions at the time the shares are issued.The resolution of the Annual General Meeting with regard to the Board's proposal under Item 19 requires the support of shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Meeting.Other informationThe financial statements  the auditor's report and the Board of Directors' complete proposal including the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 18  section 4 of the Companies Act  as well as other documentation  which  according to the Companies Act  shall be made available at the Annual General Meeting will be made available at Swedish Match headquarters (Legal Department) at Sveavägen 44  Stockholm  Sweden  no later than Wednesday  April 6  2022. The documents will be sent to shareholders upon request  provided that such shareholder states its address. All the above documents will be available on the Company's website  https://www.swedishmatch.com/ and be presented at the Annual General Meeting.The share register will be available at Swedish Match AB  Sveavägen 44  Stockholm  Sweden.Proxy formProxy forms are available upon request and on the Company's website https://www.swedishmatch.com/.Stockholm  March 2022Swedish Match AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsContact:Emmett Harrison  Senior Vice President Investor RelationsOffice +46 70 938 0173This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/swedish-match/r/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-swedish-match-ab--publ- c3528439The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/2004/3528439/1550939.pdf Swedish Match AGM Notice 2022CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-swedish-match-ab-publ-301506454.htmlSOURCE Swedish Match",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.21,0.41,0.38,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Swedish Match AB', 'Notice', 'Swedish Match AB', 'other external persons', 'following three methods', 'actual voting results', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'continued general meeting', 'Such general meeting', 'extraordinary meeting procedures', 'advance voting form', 'Voting rights registration', 'general meetings', 'other nominees', 'other stakeholders', 'following procedures', 'Advanced voting', 'Reg. No.', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'one tenth', 'A. Overview', 'Mail-In procedures', 'temporary act', 'press release', 'two weeks', 'respective submissions', 'organization number', 'postal address', 'email address', 'telephone number', 'authorized representative', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'following information', 'Section B', 'Section C', 'Section D.', 'registration certificate', 'voting procedure', 'proxy holders', 'total number', 'B. Process', 'attorney templates', 'Website voting', 'meeting agenda', 'material items', 'The Company', 'registered shareholder', 'The AGM', 'personal data', ""shareholders' register"", 'AGM.', 'STOCKHOLM', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'light', 'questions', 'instructions', 'order', 'Tuesday', 'attendance', 'exercise', 'accordance', 'notification', 'shares', 'names', 'banks', 'time', 'Thursday', 'account', 'preparation', 'resolution', 'matters', 'way', 'place', 'health', 'safety', 'employees', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Story', 'proposals', 'details', 'webcast', 'connection', 'outcome', 'minutes', 'issue', 'Notice', '1,580,000,000 votes', 'date', 'purpose', 'dam', 'ESw', 'engelska', 'behalf', 'power', 'copy', 'signing', 'BankID', '1.']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1073,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/euroclear-joins-bank-backed-blockchain-payment-system-941116,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system,By Huw Jones LONDON (Reuters) -   Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of established institutions teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.,Belgium-headquartered Euroclear said it had bought a small stake in the three-year old consortium Fnality as it moves deeper into distributed ledger technology (DLT) or blockchain  the technology which underpins cryptoassets like bitcoin.Euroclear which settles stock and bond trades  the final leg of a transaction where cash is swapped for legal ownership of an asset  said the aim was to settle tokenised assets  or digital securities  against digital cash on DLT in a faster and more efficient way.Fnality  whose founding shareholders include more than a dozen global banks  said Euroclear’s involvement would expand the consortium’s footprint in market infrastructure  the financial system’s basic plumbing  as it moves from testing to implementing its plan this year.“This has obvious positive implications for the execution of our business ” Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram said in a statement.Fnality aims to replace some of the cumbersome processes and paperwork involved in transferring value between financial organisations by using digital versions of currencies.The Bank of England gave the green light last year to a new type of account at the central bank to cater for a wider range of anticipated payments systems  including those based on blockchain.Fnality submitted an application to the BoE to become an operator of such an account and is due to go live with its pound sterling payment system in October.Euroclear  which settled the equivalent of 992 trillion euros ($1 095 trillion) in securities last year  is owned by a group of banks and exchanges  including Euronext and the London Stock Exchange Group.Fnality’s founding shareholders include Banco Santander  BNY Mellon  Barclays  CIBC  Commerzbank  Credit Suisse  ING  KBC Group  Lloyds Banking Group  Mizuho Bank  MUFG Bank  Nasdaq  State Street Corporation  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and UBS.($1 = 0.9062 euros)(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Edmund Blair),neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.52,0.36,0.11,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram', 'pound sterling payment system', 'Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation', 'a dozen global banks', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'State Street Corporation', 'obvious positive implications', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'three-year old consortium', 'distributed ledger technology', 'financial system', 'KBC Group', 'small stake', 'bond trades', 'final leg', 'legal ownership', 'tokenised assets', 'efficient way', 'founding shareholders', 'market infrastructure', 'basic plumbing', 'cumbersome processes', 'financial organisations', 'digital versions', 'The Bank', 'green light', 'new type', 'central bank', 'wider range', 'payments systems', 'Banco Santander', 'BNY Mellon', 'Credit Suisse', 'Mizuho Bank', 'MUFG Bank', 'Huw Jones', 'Edmund Blair', 'digital securities', 'digital cash', '992 trillion euros', 'Belgium-headquartered Euroclear', '0.9062 euros', 'DLT', 'blockchain', 'cryptoassets', 'bitcoin', 'transaction', 'aim', 'involvement', 'footprint', 'testing', 'plan', 'execution', 'business', 'statement', 'paperwork', 'value', 'currencies', 'England', 'account', 'application', 'BoE', 'operator', 'October', 'equivalent', 'exchanges', 'Euronext', 'Barclays', 'CIBC', 'Commerzbank', 'Nasdaq', 'UBS', 'Editing']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,fxempire.com
1076,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-swedish-match-ab-publ-301506454.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Swedish Match AB (publ),STOCKHOLM  March 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Swedish Match AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556015-0756  are hereby notified of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on Wednesday  April 27  2022. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic  the AGM will be co…,"STOCKHOLM  March 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Swedish Match AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556015-0756  are hereby notified of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on Wednesday  April 27  2022. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic  the AGM will be conducted pursuant to so called mail-in procedures  meaning that no shareholders will attend the AGM in person or through proxy. Instead  shareholders can participate in the AGM by voting and submitting questions in advance pursuant to the instructions described below.In order to participate in the AGM  a shareholder mustbe registered in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Tuesday  April 19  2022   and notify attendance at the AGM no later than Tuesday  April 26   2022.The exercise of voting rights in accordance with the mail-in procedure will be considered as a notification from the shareholder to attend the meeting.Shareholders whose shares are registered in the names of banks or other nominees must temporarily register the shares in their own name in order to be entitled to participate in the AGM via the mail-in process. Shareholders who wish to register their shares in their own names must request that the nominee make such registration. Voting rights registration that has been requested by the shareholder in such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than Thursday  April 21  2022 will be taken into account in the preparation of the shareholders' register.The shareholders may request in the advance voting form that a resolution on one or several of the matters on the proposed agenda below should be deferred to a so-called continued general meeting  which cannot be conducted solely by way of advance voting. Such general meeting shall take place if the AGM so resolves or if shareholders with at least one tenth of all shares in the company so requests.A. Overview of Mail-In procedures for the AGMDue to the COVID-19 pandemic and in order to ensure the health and safety of the Company's shareholders  employees and other stakeholders  the Board of Directors of Swedish Match AB has resolved on extraordinary meeting procedures pursuant to Section 22 of the temporary act on general meetings (2022:121) (the ""Temporary Act""). Specifically  the following procedures will apply:The AGM will take place on Wednesday  April 27  2022 . However  no shareholders  proxy holders or other external persons will be able to attend in person. Shareholders will only be able to participate in the AGM by voting on the matters and the proposals on the meeting agenda and submitting questions to the Company in advance. See Section B  below  for more details on how. The Agenda for the AGM is as set forth below in Section C  with certain items being further explained in Section D. There will be no webcast in connection with the AGM. A press release will be issued following the AGM informing of those material items that are approved by the AGM as soon as the outcome of the mail-in voting procedure has been finally established. Details of the actual voting results will be included in the minutes of the meeting and will be published within two weeks thereafter.At the time of the issue of this Notice of AGM  the total number of shares in the Company amounts to 1 580 000 000 shares  corresponding to 1 580 000 000 votes in total. The Company holds 56 184 810 shares as of the date of this notice which may not be represented at the Meeting.B. Process for Advanced voting and QuestionsA shareholder can exercise its shareholder's rights at the AGM by in advance (A) voting on the items on the agenda of the AGM  and (B) submitting questions to the Company.Any registered shareholder intending to participate in the AGM (via advanced voting or questions)  must submit the following information in connection with their respective submissions:the shareholder's name personal or organization number postal address email address  andtelephone number.The data received will be computerized and used solely for the purpose of the 2022 AGM. For information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.For shareholders wishing to participate through an authorized representative (i.e.  where such authorized representative is the one submitting advanced voting or questions on behalf of such shareholder)  the Company will provide power of attorney templates on the Company's website. Shareholders participating through an authorized representative must submit the power of attorney together with the voting form or question. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a copy of a registration certificate or a corresponding document for the legal entity shall be enclosed.B1. Advance votingAdvance voting will be available up until and including Tuesday  April 26  2022. A shareholder can vote in advance by any of the following three methods:Website voting: Voting may be done electronically through signing with BankID on the website of Euroclear Sweden AB https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy Email voting: Voting may be submitted by completing the advance voting form available on the Company's website www.swedishmatch.com/agm and then emailing such form to the following email address [email protected]   together with any power of attorney and/or other authorization documents (See Section B  above). Regular mail: Voting may be submitted by completing the advance voting form available on the Company's website www.swedishmatch.com/agm and after completion sending a physical copy (i.e.  printed out) of such form  together with any power of attorney and/or other authorization documents (See Section B  above) to the following address  Swedish Match AB (publ)  ""Advance voting 2022 AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O.191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden .A shareholder cannot give any other instructions than selecting one of the options specified at each point in the advanced voting form. A vote (i.e. the postal voting in its entirety) is invalid if the shareholder has modified the form to provide specific instructions or conditions or if pre-printed text is amended or supplemented.The advanced voting form  together with any enclosed power of attorney and other authorization documentation must have been received by Swedish Match no later than on Tuesday  April 26  2022. If received later  the vote will be disregarded.For questions regarding advance voting  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB  ph.+46 (0)8 402 90 42 between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. (CET) weekdays.B2. QuestionsQuestions to the Company can be submitted to Swedish Match up until and including Sunday  April 17  2022. Shareholders wishing to pose questions may do so by any of the following methods:Email: Questions may be submitted by emailing to the following email address [email protected] . Regular mail: Questions may be submitted by regular mail to the following address  Swedish Match AB  ""AGM 2022""  Att: Group Communication  SE-118 85 Stockholm  Sweden .The shareholder must include name of the shareholder and personal or organization number for the question to be answered. The shareholder should also state its postal address  email address and telephone number.Questions submitted by shareholders must have been received by Swedish Match no later than on Sunday  April 17  2022  and will be responded to and published not later than on Friday  April 22  2022. The questions and responses will be available at the Company  Swedish Match AB  Sveavägen 44  Stockholm  Sweden and on the Company's website  www.swedishmatch.com/agm  and will be sent to the shareholder provided the shareholder's address is known by the Company or provided by the shareholder together with the question.The Board of Directors and the CEO shall  upon request of a shareholder  and provided that the Board of Directors deems this can be done without causing major harm to the Company  inform about matters which might affect the assessment of an item on the agenda or circumstances affecting Swedish Match's or its subsidiaries' financial situation or about Swedish Match's relation to another Group entity  or in relation to the consolidated annual report.C. AgendaOpening of the Meeting and election of the Chairman of the Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened. Approval of the Agenda. Resolution on the Remuneration report. Resolution on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and of the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet. Resolution regarding allocation of the Company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet and resolution on a record day for dividend. Resolution regarding discharge from liability in respect of the Board members and the President. Resolution regarding the number of members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the Meeting. Resolution regarding remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors. Election of members of the Board and the Chairman of the Board. Election of Charles A. Blixt (re-election) Election of Jacqueline Hoogerbrugge (re-election) Election of Conny Karlsson (re-electio) Election of Alexander Lacik (re-election Election of Pauline Lindwall (re-election) Election of Joakim Westh (re-election) Election of Sanna Suvanto-Harsaae (new election) Election of Conny Karlsson as the Chairman of the Board (re-election) Resolution regarding the number of auditors. Resolution regarding remuneration to the auditor. Election of auditor. Resolution regarding: the reduction of the share capital by means of withdrawal of repurchased shares; an bonus issue. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisitions of shares in the Company. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of shares in the Company. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to issue new shares.D. ProposalsProposal for resolution under Item 1The Nominating Committee proposes Björn Kristiansson  attorney at law  as the Chairman of the Meeting  or if he is unable to attend the meeting  any other person proposed by the Nominating Committee.Proposal for resolution under Item 2The voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the company  based on the general meeting shareholders' register and received advance votes  and verified by the persons assigned to check the minutes.Proposal for resolution under Item 3The Board of Directors proposes that two minute-checkers be elected  and that Filippa Gerstädt and Peter Lundkvist are elected  or  if someone or both of them are unable to attend the meeting  any other person proposed by Swedish Match's Board of Directors.Proposal for resolution under Item 7Resolution on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and of the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet.Proposal for resolution under Item 8The Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of SEK 1.86 (1.50) per share is distributed to the shareholders in two equal payments of SEK 0.93 per share and that the remaining profits are carried forward. The record date for the first payment is proposed to be on Friday  April 29  2022  and for the second payment on Monday  November 14  2022. If the Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  it is estimated that Euroclear Sweden AB will execute the first payment on Wednesday  May 4  2022  and the second payment on Thursday  November 17  2022.Proposal for resolution under Item 10The Nominating Committee proposes that the Board of Directors shall be down-sized from eight to seven members and no deputies.Proposal for resolution under Item 11The Nominating Committee proposes that remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors will be awarded as follows for the period until the Annual General Meeting 2023 (2021 resolved remuneration within brackets). The Chairman of the Board will be awarded 2 365 000 SEK (2 252 000)  and the other Board members elected by the Meeting shall each be awarded 945 000 SEK (900 000). Furthermore  the Nominating Committee proposes that the Chairman of the Audit Committee will be awarded 383 000 SEK (364 000) and the other members of the Audit Committee will be awarded 164 000 SEK (156 000) each  and that the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee will be awarded 306 000 SEK (291 000) and the other members of the Remuneration Committee 154 000 SEK (146 000) each.Proposal for resolution under Item 12The Nominating Committee proposes re-election of the following members of the Board of Directors for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023: Charles A. Blixt  Jacqueline Hoogerbrugge  Conny Karlsson  Alexander Lacik  Pauline Lindwall  and Joakim Westh. Sanna Suvanto-Harsaae is proposed to be elected as new member of the Board of Directors. Conny Karlsson is proposed to be re-elected as Chairman of the Board.Andrew Cripps and Wenche Rolfsen have declined re-election.Proposal for resolution under Item 13The Nominating Committee proposes the number of auditors to be one and no deputy auditor.Proposal for resolution under Item 14The Nominating Committee proposes that remuneration to the auditor is to be paid according to approved accounts.Proposal for resolution under Item 15The Nominating Committee proposes the re-election of the auditor company Deloitte AB as auditor for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024.Proposal for resolution under Item 16 a)The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares. The purpose of the reduction is allocation to unrestricted equity to be used as resolved by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with Item b) below. The Board of Directors proposes to reduce the Company's share capital with 13 559 080.98 SEK by means of cancellation of 55 000 000 shares in the Company. All shares that are proposed to be cancelled are held by the Company. The resolution to reduce the share capital under this Item a) may be effectuated without obtaining an authorization from the Swedish Companies Registration Office or  in disputed cases  a court of general jurisdiction  as the Company simultaneously effectuates a bonus issue  as set out under Item b) below  with an amount corresponding to no less than the amount the share capital is being reduced with  as set out above. Combined  these measures entail that neither the Company's restricted equity nor its share capital is reduced.Proposal for resolution under Item 16 b)With the purpose of restoring the share capital after the proposed reduction of the share capital  as set out under Item a) above  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting simultaneously resolves to increase the share capital with 13 559 080.98 SEK through a bonus issue. The bonus issue shall be carried out with the amount being transferred from non-restricted equity without the issuance of new shares. The reason for the bonus issue is that if the Company transfers an amount corresponding to the amount by which the share capital is reduced in accordance with the Board's proposal under item 16 a) above  the resolution to reduce the share capital may be passed without obtaining permission from the Swedish Companies Registration Office (sw. Bolagsverket)  or  in disputed cases  the court. The effect of the Board of Directors' proposal under item 16 a) is a reduction in the Company's share capital of 13 559 080.98 SEK. The effect of the Board of Directors' proposal under item 16 b) is a corresponding increase in the Company's share capital through a bonus issue  thereby restoring it to its balance prior to the reduction  as well as a change in the quotient value of the Company's share from approximately 0.25 SEK to approximately 0.26 SEK.Resolutions by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with Items 16 a)-b) above shall be adopted as a joint resolution and require approval by shareholders representing no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting. The Board further proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board to make such minor adjustments to the above resolutions as may be required to file the resolutions with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear Sweden AB and to take such other measures required to execute the resolutions.Proposal for resolution under Item 17The Board of Directors proposes that it be authorized to resolve on acquisition of the Company's own shares  on one or several occasions prior to the next Annual General Meeting  provided that the Company's holding does not at any time exceed 10 percent of all shares in the Company. The shares shall be acquired on Nasdaq Stockholm  other regulated market or on a market equivalent to a regulated market outside the EEA after approval from the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority at a price within the price interval registered at any given time  i.e. the interval between the highest bid price and the lowest selling price. The purpose of the repurchasing right is primarily to enable the Company to adapt its capital structure to its capital needs over time  and thereby contribute to an increased shareholder value.The Board of Directors shall be able to resolve that a purchase of own shares shall be made within a repurchase program in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (""MAR"") and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2016/1052 (the ""Safe Harbour Regulation"") if the purpose of the purchase only is to decrease the Company´s equity.The resolution of the Annual General Meeting with regard to the Board's proposal under Item 17 requires the support of shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Meeting.Proposal for resolution under Item 18The Board of Directors proposes that it be authorized to resolve on transfer of the Company's own shares  on one or several occasions prior to the next Annual General Meeting.The shares may only be transferred in conjunction with the financing of company acquisitions and other types of strategic investments and acquisitions  and the transfers may not exceed the maximum number of treasury shares held by the Company at any given time. Transfer of own shares shall be made on Nasdaq Stockholm  other regulated market or on a market equivalent to a regulated market outside the EEA after approval from the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority at a price within the price interval registered at any given time (i.e. the interval between the highest bid price and the lowest selling price) at the time of the decision regarding the transfer and in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq Stockholm or the relevant market. Transfer of own shares can also be made in another manner in conjunction with the acquisition of companies or operations  where transfer of own shares may be made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. Payment for shares transferred in this manner may be made in cash or through a non-cash issue or offsetting of claims against the Company  or on other specific terms. The reason for the authorization and deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is  where appropriate  to be able to transfer shares in conjunction with the financing of any company acquisitions and other types of strategic investments and acquisitions in a cost-efficient manner.The resolution of the Annual General Meeting with regard to the Board's proposal under Item 18 requires the support of shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Meeting.Proposal for resolution under Item 19The Board of Directors proposes it be authorized to  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting  to issue new ordinary shares on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from shareholders' preferential rights and against payment in cash  in kind or by set-off. The number of shares that may be issued may not exceed a maximum dilution effect of 10 percent of the share capital and votes at the time of the Annual General Meeting 2022. The reasons for the authorization and deviation from shareholders' preferential rights are that the Board wishes to increase the Company's financial flexibility and to allow the Company to issue common shares as payment in connection with acquisitions the Company might make. The subscription price shall be determined according to prevailing market conditions at the time the shares are issued.The resolution of the Annual General Meeting with regard to the Board's proposal under Item 19 requires the support of shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Meeting.Other informationThe financial statements  the auditor's report and the Board of Directors' complete proposal including the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 18  section 4 of the Companies Act  as well as other documentation  which  according to the Companies Act  shall be made available at the Annual General Meeting will be made available at Swedish Match headquarters (Legal Department) at Sveavägen 44  Stockholm  Sweden  no later than Wednesday  April 6  2022. The documents will be sent to shareholders upon request  provided that such shareholder states its address. All the above documents will be available on the Company's website  https://www.swedishmatch.com/ and be presented at the Annual General Meeting.The share register will be available at Swedish Match AB  Sveavägen 44  Stockholm  Sweden.Proxy formProxy forms are available upon request and on the Company's website https://www.swedishmatch.com/.Stockholm  March 2022Swedish Match AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsContact:Emmett Harrison  Senior Vice President Investor RelationsOffice +46 70 938 0173This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/swedish-match/r/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-swedish-match-ab--publ- c3528439The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/2004/3528439/1550939.pdf Swedish Match AGM Notice 2022SOURCE Swedish Match",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.03,0.44,0.53,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Swedish Match AB', 'Notice', 'Swedish Match AB', 'other external persons', 'following three methods', 'actual voting results', 'Annual General Meeting', 'continued general meeting', 'Such general meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'extraordinary meeting procedures', 'advance voting form', 'Voting rights registration', 'general meetings', 'other nominees', 'other stakeholders', 'following procedures', 'Advanced voting', 'Reg. No.', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'one tenth', 'A. Overview', 'Mail-In procedures', 'temporary act', 'press release', 'two weeks', 'respective submissions', 'organization number', 'postal address', 'email address', 'telephone number', 'authorized representative', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'following information', 'Section B', 'Section C', 'Section D.', 'registration certificate', 'voting procedure', 'proxy holders', 'total number', 'B. Process', 'attorney templates', 'Website voting', 'meeting agenda', 'material items', 'The Company', 'registered shareholder', 'The AGM', 'personal data', ""shareholders' register"", 'AGM.', 'STOCKHOLM', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'light', 'questions', 'instructions', 'order', 'Tuesday', 'attendance', 'exercise', 'accordance', 'notification', 'shares', 'names', 'banks', 'time', 'Thursday', 'account', 'preparation', 'resolution', 'matters', 'way', 'place', 'health', 'safety', 'employees', 'Board', 'Directors', 'proposals', 'details', 'webcast', 'connection', 'outcome', 'minutes', 'issue', 'Notice', '1,580,000,000 votes', 'date', 'purpose', 'dam', 'ESw', 'engelska', 'behalf', 'power', 'copy', 'signing', 'BankID', '1.']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,prnewswire.com
1098,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-orexo-301506819.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting of Orexo,UPPSALA  Sweden  March 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Orexo AB (publ)  reg. no. 556500-0600  registered office Uppsala  are summoned to the annual general meeting  to be held on Thursday 21 April 2022  at 16.00 pm in Orexo's facilities at Rapsga…,"UPPSALA  Sweden  March 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Orexo AB (publ)  reg. no. 556500-0600  registered office Uppsala  are summoned to the annual general meeting  to be held on Thursday 21 April 2022  at 16.00 pm in Orexo's facilities at Rapsgatan 7E in Uppsala  Sweden.Participation  etc.Shareholders who wish to participate in the meeting must be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Monday 11 April 2022  and notify Orexo of their intention to attend the meeting not later than on Wednesday 13 April 2022 by post to Orexo AB  P.O. Box 303  SE-751 05 Uppsala  Sweden  by telephone +46 (0) 18 780 88 00  by telefax +46 (0) 18 780 88 88  or by e-mail to [email protected].The notification shall set forth the name  personal/corporate identity number  the number of shares held  telephone number (daytime) and  where applicable  number of assistants (not more than two) that the shareholder intends to bring to the meeting. Shareholders to be represented by proxy should submit a power of attorney (original document) and a certificate of registration or equivalent together with the notification of attendance. A proxy form is available at www.orexo.com.Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee through a bank or a securities institution must temporarily re-register their shares in their own names to be entitled to participate in the meeting. Such registration  which may be temporary  must be duly effected in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday 13 April 2022  and the shareholders must therefore advise their nominees well in advance of this date.When this notice to attend the annual general meeting is issued  the total number of shares in the company is 34 710 639 with 34 710 639 votes. In total the company holds 382 732 own shares. The number of own shares is based on the company's holding as per the close of 18th of March 2022  the last trading day prior to the announcement of the notice.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting.2. Election of chairman of the meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of one or two persons who shall approve the minutes of the meeting.6. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened.7. Speech by the chief executive officer.8. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements.9. Presentation of the work performed by the board of directors and its committees.10. Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet.11. Resolution regarding allocation of the company's result pursuant to the adopted balance sheet.12. Resolution regarding discharge from liability of the board members and the chief executive officer.13. Determination of the number of board members and auditors.14. Determination of fees for the board members and the auditor.15. Election of board members  chairman of the board and auditor.16. Presentation of the remuneration report for approval.17. Resolution on guidelines for remuneration to the executive management.18. Resolution regarding nomination committee.19. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares.20. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to repurchase and transfer own shares.21. Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP 2022.22. Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP Stay-on 2022.23. Closing of the meeting.Proposals regarding chairman of the meeting  the board of directors and auditors (items 2  13  14 and 15)The nomination committee of Orexo  which consists of James Noble (chairman of the board)  Christian Salling (Novo Holdings A/S and chairman of the nomination committee)  Patrik Walldov (Anders Walldov  incl. indirect holding via Brohuvudet AB) and Claus Berner Møller (Arbejdsmarkedets Tillaegspension) proposes:- that Rikard Lindahl  member of the Swedish Bar Association  from Advokatfirman Vinge  is elected chairman of the meeting (item 2) - that the board of directors shall consist of eight board members with no deputy members (item 13) - that the number of auditors shall be one with no deputy auditors (item 13) - that the fees to the board of directors shall amount to SEK 3 550 000 to be allocated as follows: SEK 900 000 to the chairman and SEK 300 000 to each of the other board members  and in total SEK 400 000 to be allocated to the members of the audit committee so that the chairman of the committee receives SEK 200 000 and SEK 200 000 are allocated in equal parts between the other members of the committee  and in total SEK 150 000 to be allocated to the members of the remuneration committee in equal parts between the members of the committee  and that fees to the auditor shall be paid against approved accounts (item 14) - that the independent board members James Noble  Staffan Lindstrand  Fred Wilkinson  Mary Pat Christie  Charlotte Hansson  Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly shall receive an additional fee of SEK 1 050 000  subject to (i) the board member's acquisition of shares in Orexo for the entire part (after taxes) of such additional board fee as soon as possible following the annual general meeting's resolution and the pay-out of the additional board fee  and (ii) the board member's commitment not to sell the shares during the board member's entire tenure on the Orexo board. The additional board fee is to be allocated as follows: SEK 450 000 to the chairman  corresponding to 50 percent of the ordinary board fee to the chairman  and SEK 100 000 to each of Staffan Lindstrand  Fred Wilkinson  Mary Pat Christie  Charlotte Hansson  Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly  corresponding to 33 percent of the ordinary board fee to such board members. In the event that the board member  before the succeeding annual general meeting  is dismissed due to breach of his/her obligations as a board member or leaves the board at his/her own request  the board member must repay the entire additional board fee (after taxes). James Noble has not participated in the nomination committee's handling of the proposal insofar as it concerns himself (item 14) - that the board members James Noble  Staffan Lindstrand  Henrik Kjær Hansen  Fred Wilkinson  Mary Pat Christie and Charlotte Hansson are re-elected and that Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly are elected as new board members  all for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting (item 15) - that James Noble is re-elected as chairman of the board (item 15)  and- that Ernst & Young Aktiebolag is re-elected as auditor for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting. The proposal is in accordance with the recommendation by the audit committee (item 15).Allocation of the company's result (item 11)The board of directors proposes that there shall be no dividend for 2021 and that the results of the company shall be carried forward.Proposal regarding resolution on guidelines for remuneration to the executive management (item 17)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve the board of directors' proposal concerning principles and guidelines for the remuneration of the company's executive management in accordance with what is stated below.The executive management of Orexo falls within the provisions of these guidelines. Executive management refers to board members  the CEO and other members of the executive management  which comprised seven persons by the end of 2021. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the annual general meeting 2022. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting.Remuneration under employments subject to other rules than Swedish may be duly adjusted to comply with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityThe company's business strategy is the following.Orexo has developed from being an R&D stage company to becoming a profitable fully integrated specialty pharmaceutical company with its own commercial business in the US. From a strong operational and financial platform  Orexo is aiming to become a leader in the treatment of mental illness and substance use disorder. To achieve this  the commercial business will be broadened through business development  M&A and launch of proprietary pharmaceuticals and digital therapies.Orexo's objectives and strategies onwards is to broaden the US commercial platform to leverage scale and expand sales  further accelerate Orexo US performance and EBIT contributions as well as to launch at least one new product from the pipeline within three years.A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end  it is necessary that the company offers competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable the company to offer the executive management a competitive total remuneration.Long-term share-related incentive plans have been implemented in the company. Such plans have been resolved by the general meeting and are therefore excluded from these guidelines. The long-term share-related incentive plans for certain senior executives and employees within the Orexo group and for Group Management Team and US Leadership Team employees  respectively  proposed by the board of directors and submitted to the annual general meeting 2022 for approval are excluded for the same reason. The proposed plans substantially correspond to existing plans for senior executives and employees. The current plans include certain executives and employees within the Orexo group. The performance criteria used to assess the outcome of the plans are distinctly linked to the business strategy and thereby to the company's long-term value creation  including its sustainability. These performance criteria currently comprise the share price development  the surpassing of a certain index or the meeting of certain financing and operating objectives  and thereby organic growth and product development. Further  the plans are conditional upon certain holding periods.Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.Types of remuneration  etc.Orexo shall offer terms of employment that are in line with market rates so that the company can recruit and retain skilled personnel. Remuneration to the executive management shall comprise a fixed salary  variable remuneration  long-term incentive programs  pensions and other customary benefits. Remuneration is based on the individual's commitment and performance in relation to previously established goals  both individual goals and goals for the entire company. Individual performance is continuously evaluated.Fixed salary is generally reviewed on an annual basis and shall be based on the qualitative performance of the individual. The fixed salary of the executive management shall be in line with market conditions.The executive management may be offered cash bonuses. The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one year. Variable remuneration shall take into account the individual's level of responsibility and degree of influence. The size of variable remuneration is based on the percentage of predetermined and measurable criteria which can be financial or non-financial. They may also be individualized  quantitative or qualitative objectives. The criteria shall be designed so as to contribute to the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promoting the executive's long-term development. To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the measurement period has ended. The remuneration committee is responsible for the evaluation of the variable cash remuneration to the CEO and the other executives. For financial objectives  the evaluation shall be based on the latest financial information made public by the company. The variable remuneration shall amount to a maximum of 40 percent of the annual fixed cash salary for the CEO  up to 30 percent of the annual fixed cash salary for other members of the executive management in Sweden and up to 60 percent of the annual fixed cash salary for members of the executive management employed in the US subsidiary. The majority of the variable remuneration shall be based on the sales development and the financial results at group and subsidiary level. The percentage rate in relation to US employees reflects the subsidiary's significance for the group's earnings as well as an American labor market that is requiring an increased share of variable remuneration in order to attract and retain key employees. Furthermore  the board of directors shall have the option of allocating further variable non-recurring remuneration to the management when the board deems it to be appropriate. Such allocation of non-recurring remuneration may  after consolidation with other variable remuneration  amount to a maximum of 70 percent of the annual fixed cash salary.The CEO and the other members of the executive management are covered by defined contribution pension plans  including health insurance (Sw. sjukförsäkring). Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits except to the extent required by mandatory collective agreement provisions applicable to the executive. The pension premiums paid by the company to the CEO amount to 20 percent of the annual fixed cash salary and amount to not more than 25 percent of the annual fixed cash salary for other members of the executive management team.The employment agreement with the CEO may be terminated with six months' notice. Employment agreements with the other members of the executive management may be terminated with a notice of between zero and six months. The CEO is entitled to severance pay equivalent to six months' salary if employment is terminated by the company. The other members of the executive management are entitled to severance pay equivalent to between 3 and 12 months' salary if employment is terminated by the company. Upon notice from the executive  there is no right to severance pay.In addition  remuneration may be paid for non-compete undertakings. Such remuneration shall compensate for loss of income and shall only be paid in so far as the previously employed executive is not entitled to severance pay. The remuneration shall be based on the fixed cash salary at the time of termination of employment and be paid during the time the non-compete undertaking applies  however not for more than 12 months following termination of employment.Executives may be awarded customary other benefits  such as company car and travel between the place of residence and the workplace. Such other benefits may amount to not more than 20 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.The board is entitled  if it assesses that this is warranted in an individual case  to assign company work to a board member over and above the board assignment  in which case the board member may be granted reasonable remuneration.For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  pension benefits and other benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines. Executives who are expatriates to or from Sweden may receive additional remuneration and other benefits to the extent reasonable in light of the special circumstances associated with the expat arrangement  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines. Such benefits may not in total exceed 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the board of directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the remuneration committee's and the board of directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe board of directors has established a remuneration committee. The committee's tasks include preparing the board of directors' decision to propose guidelines for executive remuneration. The board of directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting.The remuneration committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company. The members of the remuneration committee are independent of the company and its executive management. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the board of directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe board of directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As set out above  the remuneration committee's tasks include preparing the board of directors' resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Resolution regarding nomination committee (item 18)The nomination committee proposes that the meeting resolves that the company shall have a nomination committee consisting of a representative of each of the three largest shareholders  based on the number of votes held  together with the chairman of the board. If any of the three largest shareholders declines to appoint a member to the nomination committee  additional shareholders are  by order of size  to be offered appointment until three members are appointed. The names of the members of the nomination committee and the names of the shareholders they represent shall be made public not later than six months before the annual general meeting and be based on shareholding statistics provided by Euroclear Sweden AB per the last banking day in August 2022. Unless the members of the nomination committee agree otherwise  the member representing the largest shareholder  based on the number of votes held  shall be appointed chairman of the nomination committee. If a shareholder representative no longer represents the owner or leaves the nomination committee before its work is completed  the shareholder shall be entitled to appoint a new member of the nomination committee. A shareholder who has appointed a member of the nomination committee has the right to remove such member and appoint a new member of the nomination committee. In the event a shareholder that has appointed a member is no longer one of the three largest shareholders  based on the number of votes held  the appointed member shall resign and be replaced by a new member in accordance with the above procedure. Unless special circumstances apply  no changes should be made in the composition of the nomination committee as a result of minor changes in voting rights or changes in voting rights which occur later than two months before the annual general meeting. Changes in the composition of the nomination committee shall be made public as soon as possible.The nomination committee shall prepare and submit proposals to the general meeting on chairman of the meeting  board members  chairman of the board  board fees to each of the board members and the chairman as well as remuneration for committee work  if any  fees to the company's auditor  and  when applicable  proposal regarding election of new auditor. Further  the nomination committee shall prepare and propose principles for the composition of the nomination committee to the annual general meeting 2023. The nomination committee shall be entitled to charge the company with costs for consultants and other expenses necessary for the nomination committee to carry out its duties.Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares (item 19)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  with or without preferential rights for the shareholders  against cash payment or against payment through set-off or in kind  or otherwise on special conditions. However  such issue of shares must never result in the company's issued share capital or the number of shares in the company at any time  being increased by more than a total of 10 per cent. The purpose of the authorization is to enable the board to make corporate acquisitions  product acquisitions or to enter into collaboration agreements  or to raise working capital or broaden the shareholder base.The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to repurchase and transfer own shares (item 20)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  as many own shares as may be purchased without the company's holding at any time exceeding 10 per cent of the total number of shares in the company. The shares shall be purchased on Nasdaq Stockholm and only at a price per share within the price range applicable  i.e. the range between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price.The board of directors also proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve  on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  to transfer (sell) own shares. Transfers may be carried out on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the price range applicable  i.e. the range between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price. Transfers may also be made in other ways  with or without preferential rights for the shareholders  against cash payment or against payment through set-off or in kind  or otherwise on special conditions. Upon such transfers  the price shall be established so that it is not below market terms. However  a discount to the stock market price may apply  in line with market practice. Transfers of own shares may be made of up to such number of shares as is held by the company at the time of the board of director's resolution regarding the transfer.The purpose of the authorization to repurchase own shares is to promote efficient capital usage in the company  to provide flexibility as regards the company's possibilities to distribute capital to its shareholders and for use in the context of the company's incentive plans. The purpose of the authorization to transfer own shares is to enable the board to make corporate acquisitions  product acquisitions or enter into collaboration agreements  or to raise working capital or broaden the shareholder base or for use in the context of the company's incentive plans.The board of director's statement in accordance with chapter 19 section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act is made available together with the proposal.The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP 2022 (item 21)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a new performance-based long-term incentive program for not more than 130 selected employees within the Orexo group (""LTIP 2022"").LTIP 2022 is a three-year performance-based program. Under LTIP 2022  the participants will be granted  free of charge  (i) performance-based share awards (""Share Awards"")  and (ii) performance-based employee stock options (""Employee Stock Options"")  entitling to a maximum of 1 921 138 shares in Orexo  in accordance with the terms stipulated below. The Share Awards entitle to a maximum of 576 542 shares in Orexo and the Employee Stock Options entitle to a maximum of 1 344 596 shares in Orexo.The rationale for the proposalLTIP 2022 substantially corresponds with the performance based long-term incentive program adopted at the annual general meeting 2021 (LTIP 2021). LTIP 2022 is intended for certain senior executives and employees within the Orexo group. The board of directors of Orexo believes that an equity incentive program is an important part of a competitive remuneration package to be able to attract  retain and motivate qualified employees to the Orexo group. With reference thereto  the board of directors has decided to propose the adoption of a program corresponding to the program adopted at the annual general meeting 2021 (LTIP 2021). LTIP 2022 is based on performance-based Share Awards and Employee Stock Options and adapted to the current needs of the Orexo group.The purpose of LTIP 2022 is to attract  retain and motivate employees of the Orexo group  provide a competitive remuneration package and to align the interests of the senior executives and employees with the interests of the shareholders. The board of directors is of the opinion that this strengthens the interest for Orexo's business and also stimulates company loyalty in the future. In light of the above  the board of directors believes that the implementation of LTIP 2022 will have a positive effect on the development of the Orexo group and consequently that LTIP 2022 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Conditions for Share Awards and Employee Stock OptionsThe following conditions shall apply for the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible following the annual general meeting 2022 and no later than on 30 June 2022. Out of the granted Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  30 percent shall constitute Share Awards and 70 percent shall constitute Employee Stock Options.- Each Share Award entitles the holder to receive one share in the company free of charge  except for the appropriate taxes  three years after the granting of the Share Award (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group.- Each Employee Stock Option entitles the holder to receive one share in the company upon payment of the strike price  three years after granting of the Employee Stock Option (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group. The strike price shall be fixed to 100 percent of the volume-weighted average price for the Orexo share during the ten trading days preceding the date of the annual general meeting 2022.- A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Share Awards is that Performance Targets 1 and/or 2 have been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.- A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Employee Stock Options is that Performance Target 1 has been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.- The number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options encompassed by LTIP 2022 is to be re-calculated in the event that changes occur in Orexo's equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger or consolidation of shares  new issue  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.- To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  Orexo will compensate the participants for distributed dividends  if any  during the vesting period by increasing the number of shares that each Share Award and each Employee Stock Option  respectively  entitles to after the vesting period.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options can be granted by the parent company and any other company within the Orexo group.Performance ConditionsThe Share Awards are to be divided according to two different performance conditions encompassed by LTIP 2022. The performance conditions focus on the holder still being employed by the Orexo group (""Performance Target 1"") and Orexo's financial and operational targets for 2022 (""Performance Target 2""). Of each participant's granted Share Awards  approximately 33 percent (one third) will pertain to Performance Target 1 and up to approximately 67 percent (two thirds) will pertain to Performance Target 2.The Employee Stock Options are to be divided according to one performance condition encompassed by LTIP 2022  which is Performance Target 1. Of each participant's granted Employee Stock Options  100 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1  meaning that no Employee Stock Options will vest unless the performance target is met.The allotment of shares that each participant later may receive depends on achievement of the established performance targets as described below.Performance Target 1 (for Share Awards and Employee Stock Options) : This target pertains to the holder still being employed by the Orexo group upon vesting.Performance Target 2 (for Share Awards) : This target pertains to the fulfilment of the financial and operational targets for the financial year 2022 as established by the board of directors and relates to Orexo's key KPIs as for example revenue  profitability and achieved milestones  etc. Performance achievement of individual targets is weighted into an overall average performance achievement. The outcome will be measured lineally; meaning that from zero to 100 percent of the Share Awards will vest depending on the overall average rate of performance of the financial and operational targets. All Share Awards will vest and entitle to one share each if 100 percent of the overall average performance is achieved. When calculating the overall performance achievement  individual targets may account for a maximum of 120 percent achievement  but the overall average performance is capped at 100 percent. If performance achievement falls below 80 percent for an individual target  this individual target accounts for zero in the calculation of the overall average achieved.The board of directors will present the rate of achievement of Performance Target 2 in the annual report for 2022.AllocationThe participants are divided into two allocation categories: (i) CEO and other members of group management; (ii) other personnel. The maximum number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options that a participant may be granted in LTIP 2022 depends on the category to which the participant belongs.To ensure that the value of the share-based remuneration does not reach an unintended level in relation to other remuneration  the value of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options granted to the CEO and group management must not  at the time of the grant  exceed a value equal to the person's current annual base salary. For other personnel the value must not exceed 33 percent of the annual base salary.The board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after the annual general meeting. Several factors will be considered in order to secure recruitment  retention and motivation when deciding upon individual allocations including position within Orexo  individual performance and total value of current remuneration package. Individual allocation cannot exceed the above-mentioned limit for the category that the individual belongs to. Out of the allocated Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  30 percent will constitute Share Awards and 70 percent will constitute Employee Stock Options.The share price that is to form the basis for calculating the number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options is to correspond to the average last price paid during a given period of trading. This period comprises the first ten days of trading immediately following the date of the 2022 annual general meeting. The share price is then divided by the individual granting value in order to arrive at the total number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options granted per participant.Preparation and administrationThe board of directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTIP 2022  in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the board of directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The board of directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the Orexo group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTIP 2022 no longer are appropriate. Prior to finally determining allotment of shares on the basis of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  the board of directors will assess whether the outcome of LTIP 2022 is reasonable. This assessment will be conducted in relation to the company's financial earnings and position  conditions in the stock market and other circumstances. Should the board of directors not consider the outcome to be reasonable  the number of shares to be allotted will be reduced.Preparation of the proposalLTIP 2022 has been initiated by the board of directors of Orexo and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and best market practices. LTIP 2022 has been prepared by the remuneration committee and reviewed at meetings of the board of directors.Scope and costs of the programLTIP 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 - Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options should be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period.Assuming a share price at the time of implementation of SEK 20.00  that Performance Target 1 is achieved and that Performance Target 2 is achieved at 50 percent  including a share price increase of 30 percent during the vesting period  the annual cost for LTIP 2022 including social security costs is estimated to approximately SEK 30.7 million before tax. The corresponding annual cost with full achievement of Performance Target 1 and Performance Target 2  including a share price increase of 60 percent during the vesting period  is estimated to approximately SEK 50.9 million before tax.LTIP 2022 will have marginal effects on Orexo's key ratios since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares as is described under section ""Delivery under LTIP 2022"" below.Since delivery of shares under LTIP 2022 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares  LTIP 2022 entails no dilution of the shareholding of the company. The maximum level of dilution for all other outstanding long-term incentive programs in the company amounts to 0 percent  since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares.Information on Orexo's existing incentive programs can be found in the 2021 annual report  note 10 and 24  as well as on the company's website www.orexo.com.Delivery under LTIP 2022The board of directors proposes that delivery of shares under LTIP 2022 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares. In addition  the board of directors proposes that delivery may also be satisfied through payment of a cash amount that is equal to the value of the Orexo share on the date of vesting less the applicable strike price for any Employee Stock Options.Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP Stay-on 2022 (item 22)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a new performance-based long-term incentive program for certain Global Management Team (""GMT"") employees and US Leadership Team (""USLT"") employees within the Orexo group (""LTIP Stay-on 2022""). LTIP Stay-on 2022 is proposed to include up to approximately 13 GMT and USLT employees within the Orexo group.LTIP Stay-on 2022 is a three-year performance-based program. Under LTIP Stay-on 2022  the participants will be granted  free of charge  (i) performance-based share awards (""Share Awards"")  and (ii) performance-based employee stock options (""Employee Stock Options"")  entitling to a maximum of 56 000 shares in Orexo  in accordance with the terms stipulated below. The Share Awards entitle to a maximum of 28 000 shares in Orexo and the Employee Stock Options entitle to a maximum of 28 000 shares in Orexo.The rationale for the proposalLTIP Stay-on 2022 substantially corresponds with the performance based long-term incentive program adopted at the annual general meeting 2021 (LTIP Stay-on 2021). LTIP Stay-on 2022 is intended for certain GMT and USLT employees within the Orexo group and qualification for participation in LTIP Stay-on 2022 is conditional upon the participant either keeping shares from allocations in Orexo's other on-going long-term incentive programs (the ""implemented LTIPs"") or investing in new Orexo shares with part of or the entire annual cash bonus of the participant. The board of directors of Orexo believes that an equity incentive program is an important part of a competitive remuneration package to be able to attract  retain and motivate qualified employees to the Orexo group. The board of directors further believes that LTIP Stay-on 2022 constitutes an important incentive for GMT and USLT employees to keep shares in the company. With reference thereto  the board of directors has decided to propose the adoption of a program corresponding to the program adopted at the annual general meeting 2021 (LTIP Stay-on 2021). LTIP Stay-on 2022 is based on performance-based Share Awards and Employee Stock Options and adapted to the current needs of the Orexo group.The purpose of LTIP Stay-on 2022 is to attract  retain and motivate employees of the Orexo group  provide a competitive remuneration package and to align the interests of GMT and USLT employees with the interests of the shareholders. The board of directors is of the opinion that this strengthens the interest for Orexo's business and also stimulates company loyalty in the future. In light of the above  the board of directors believes that the implementation of LTIP Stay-on 2022 will have a positive effect on the development of the Orexo group and consequently that LTIP Stay-on 2022 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Conditions for Share Awards and Employee Stock OptionsThe following conditions shall apply for the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options.- Qualification for participation in LTIP Stay-on 2022 is conditional upon the participant (i) keeping shares from allocations in any of Orexo's implemented LTIPs between 1 May 2022 and 31 July 2022 (""Opt-in 1"")  or (ii) investing in new Orexo shares with part of or the entire annual cash bonus of the participant between 1 February 2023 and 30 April 2023 (""Opt-in 2"").- Under Opt-in 1  the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible after 31 July 2022 and no later than on 31 August 2022.- Under Opt-in 2  the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible after 30 April 2023 and no later than on 31 May 2023.- Out of the granted Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  50 percent shall constitute Share Awards and 50 percent shall constitute Employee Stock Options. Every five (5) shares kept in accordance with Opt-in 1 and every five (5) shares acquired in accordance with Opt-in 2  respectively  entitle the participant to one (1) Share Award and one (1) Employee Stock Option.- Each Share Award entitles the holder to receive one share in the company  free of charge  except for the appropriate taxes  three years after the granting of the Share Award (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group.- Each Employee Stock Option entitles the holder to receive one share in the company upon payment of the strike price  three years after the granting of the Employee Stock Option (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group. The strike price shall be fixed to 100 percent of the volume-weighted average price for the Orexo share during the ten trading days preceding the date of the annual general meeting 2022.- A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Share Awards is that Performance Targets 1 and/or 2 have been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.- A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Employee Stock Options is that Performance Target 1 has been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.- The number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options encompassed by LTIP Stay-on 2022 is to be re-calculated in the event that changes occur in Orexo's equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger or consolidation of shares  new issue  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.- To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  Orexo will compensate the participants for distributed dividends  if any  during the vesting period by increasing the number of shares that each Share Award and each Employee Stock Option  respectively  entitles to after the vesting period.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options can be granted by the parent company and any other company within the Orexo group.Performance ConditionsThe Share Awards are to be divided according to two different performance conditions encompassed by LTIP Stay-on 2022. The performance conditions focus on the holder still being employed by the Orexo group (""Performance Target 1"") and Orexo's financial and operational targets for 2022 (""Performance Target 2""). Of each participant's granted Share Awards  50 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1 and up to 50 percent will pertain to Performance Target 2.The Employee Stock Options are to be divided according to one performance condition encompassed by LTIP Stay-on 2022  which is Performance Target 1. Of each participant's granted Employee Stock Options  100 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1  meaning that no Employee Stock Options will vest unless the performance target is met.The allotment of shares that each participant later may receive depends on achievement of the established performance targets as described below.Performance Target 1 (for Share Awards and Employee Stock Options) : This target pertains to the holder still being employed by the Orexo group upon vesting.Performance Target 2 (for Share Awards) : This target pertains to the fulfilment of the financial and operational targets for the financial year 2022 as established by the board of directors and relates to Orexo's key KPIs as for example revenue  profitability and achieved milestones  etc. Performance achievement of individual targets is weighted into an overall average performance achievement. The outcome will be measured lineally; meaning that from zero to 100 percent of the Share Awards will vest depending on the overall average rate of performance of the financial and operational targets. All Share Awards will vest and entitle to one share each if 100 percent of the overall average performance is achieved. When calculating the overall performance achievement  individual targets may account for a maximum of 120 percent achievement  but the overall average performance is capped at 100 percent. If performance achievement falls below 80 percent for an individual target  this individual target accounts for zero in the calculation of the overall average achieved.The board of directors will present the rate of achievement of Performance Target 2 in the Annual Report for 2022.AllocationEvery five (5) shares kept in accordance with Opt-in 1 and every five (5) shares acquired in accordance with Opt-in 2  respectively  entitle the participants of LTIP Stay-on 2022 to one (1) Share Award and one (1) Employee Stock Option. Out of the allocated Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  50 percent will constitute Share Awards and 50 percent will constitute Employee Stock Options.In relation to allocation under Opt-in 1  the board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after 31 July 2022. In relation to allocation under Opt-in 2  the board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after 30 April 2023.Preparation and administrationThe board of directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTIP Stay-on 2022  in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the board of directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The board of directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the Orexo group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTIP Stay-on 2022 no longer are appropriate. Prior to finally determining allotment of shares on the basis of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  the board of directors will assess whether the outcome of LTIP Stay-on 2022 is reasonable. This assessment will be conducted in relation to the company's financial earnings and position  conditions in the stock market and other circumstances. Should the board of directors not consider the outcome to be reasonable  the number of shares to be allotted will be reduced.Preparation of the proposalLTIP Stay-on 2022 has been initiated by the board of directors of Orexo and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and best market practices. LTIP Stay-on 2022 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings of the board of directors.Scope and costs of the programLTIP Stay-on 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 - Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options should be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period.Assuming a share price at the time of implementation of SEK 20.00  that Performance Target 1 is achieved and that Performance Target 2 is achieved at 50 percent  including a share price increase of 30 percent during the vesting period  the annual cost for LTIP Stay-on 2022 including social security costs is estimated to approximately SEK 1.1 million before tax. The corresponding annual cost with full achievement of Performance Target 1 and Performance Target 2  including a share price increase of 60 percent during the vesting period  is estimated to approximately SEK 1.7 million before tax.LTIP Stay-on 2022 will have marginal effects on Orexo's key ratios since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares as is described under section ""Delivery under LTIP Stay-on 2022"" below.Since delivery of shares under LTIP Stay-on 2022 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares  LTIP Stay-on 2022 entails no dilution of the shareholding of the company. The maximum level of dilution for all other outstanding long-term incentive programs in the company amounts to 0 percent  since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares.Information on Orexo's existing incentive programs can be found in the 2021 annual report  note 10 and 24  as well as on the company's website www.orexo.com.Delivery under LTIP Stay-on 2022The board of directors proposes that delivery of shares under LTIP Stay-on 2022 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares. In addition  the board of directors proposes that delivery may also be satisfied through payment of a cash amount that is equal to the value of the Orexo share on the date of vesting less the applicable strike price for any Employee Stock Options.A resolution in accordance with the board of directors' proposal in item 19 shall only be valid where supported by not less than two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting and resolutions in accordance with the board of directors' proposal in items 20  21 and 22 shall only be valid where supported by not less than nine-tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.The shareholders are reminded of their right to request information in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act. The annual report and all other documents  including the nomination committees' motivated statement and the auditor's report pursuant to Chapter 8 Section 54 of the Companies Act  are available at the company's office at Rapsgatan 7E  in Uppsala and at www.orexo.se no later than three weeks before the meeting and will be sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the company of their postal address. This notice is a translation of a Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the both language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  seehttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Uppsala  Sweden March 2022Orexo AB (publ)The board of directorsThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/orexo/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-orexo c3529169The following files are available for download:SOURCE Orexo",neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,negative,0.03,0.46,0.51,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Orexo', 'new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP', 'P.O. Box', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Novo Holdings A/S', 'Berner Møller', 'Swedish Bar Association', 'chief executive officer', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'annual general meeting', 'eight board members', 'other board members', 'new shares', 'executive management', 'other members', 'Brohuvudet AB', 'annual report', 'Thursday 21 April', 'Rapsgatan 7E', 'share register', 'Monday 11 April', 'Wednesday 13 April', 'original document', 'securities institution', 'last trading', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'James Noble', 'Christian Salling', 'Patrik Walldov', 'Anders Walldov', 'Arbejdsmarkedets Tillaegspension', 'Rikard Lindahl', 'Advokatfirman Vinge', 'equal parts', 'deputy members', 'Orexo AB', 'nomination committee', 'audit committee', 'proxy form', 'Such registration', 'indirect holding', 'remuneration committee', 'total number', 'deputy auditors', 'remuneration report', 'total SEK', 'telephone number', 'UPPSALA', 'shareholders', 'reg.', 'facilities', 'Participation', 'intention', 'post', 'telefax', 'mail', 'notification', 'name', 'daytime', 'assistants', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'attendance', 'nominee', 'bank', 'advance', 'notice', 'company', '34,710,639 votes', 'close', '18th', 'March', 'announcement', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Speech', 'Presentation', 'work', 'directors', 'committees', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'guidelines', 'authorization', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'items', 'Claus', '16.00', '382,732', '14.']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,prnewswire.com
1122,Clearstream,Google API,https://chatttennsports.com/35974/business/peripheral-vascular-devices-market-to-witness-a-substantial-growth-owing-to-rising-adoption-of-japanese-technology-till-2031-endologix-inc-william-cook-europe-aps-bolton-medical-inc-jotec-gmbh/,Peripheral Vascular Devices Market to Witness a Substantial Growth Owing to Rising Adoption of Japanese Technology Till 2031,23 hours ago,Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market report provides in-depth analysis of market players  geography  end users  applications  competitor analysis  Trends and Forecast. The report offers a comprehensive insight into the development policies and plans in addition to manufacturing processes and cost structures.The recent research on Peripheral Vascular Devices market is a comprehensive study which provides exclusive insights about Peripheral Vascular Devices business for new market entrants and established players. The report carefully analyses all the essential aspects of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market and provides a detailed overview of the growth prospects of the industry. Along with that the report also offers readers the complete information about latest market trends  shares and revenue growth patterns over the years. The researchers make use of graphs  charts  pie diagrams  etc. to explain the data graphically. In addition to that to study the market number various tables are added to show the data in tabular form. This helps the readers in understanding the data more easily and precisely.Free Sample Report With Report Structure @ https://www.insightslice.com/request-sample/791An Overview of the Impact of COVID-19 on this Market:Effect of COVID-19: Peripheral Vascular Devices Market report investigate the effect of Coronavirus (COVID-19) on the Peripheral Vascular Devices industry. The worldwide effects of the Covid infection 2020 (COVID-19) are now beginning to be felt  and will essentially influence the Peripheral Vascular Devices market in 2020 and 2021. Cautious assessment of the components molding the Peripheral Vascular Devices market size  share  and the development direction of the market;Point by point examination of all the market portionsAn intensive assessment of the provincial and serious elements of the marketExtensive evaluation of the effect of the COVID-19 pandemicThe report also involves the important trends of the market  emerging technologies  Achievements  Research & Development  new product launch  product responses  and regional growth of the most important competitors operating in the market on a universal and local scale. Peripheral Vascular Devices market is split by Type and by Applications. For the period 2021-2031  the growth among segments provides accurate calculations and forecasts for sales by Type and by Application in terms of volume and value. This analysis can help you expand your business by targeting qualified niche markets.Top players Covered in Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Study are: Medtronic Inc.  Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG  Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited  Terumo Corporation  Endologix Inc.  William Cook Europe ApS  Bolton Medical Inc.  Jotec GmbH  ClearStream Technologies Ltd.  Aesculap AG  Bosto  and others.Peripheral Vascular Devices Market SegmentationPeripheral Vascular Devices market is split by Type and by Application. For the period 2021-2031  the growth among segments provides accurate calculations and forecasts for sales by Type and by Application in terms of volume and value. This analysis can help you expand your business by targeting qualified niche markets.Regional analysis includes:Asia-Pacific ( China  Malaysia  Japan  Philippines  South Korea  Thailand  India  Indonesia  and Australia)( China  Malaysia  Japan  Philippines  South Korea  Thailand  India  Indonesia  and Australia) Europe ( Germany  Russia UK  Italy  France )( Germany  Russia UK  Italy  France ) North America (United States  Mexico  and Canada)(United States  Mexico  and Canada) South America (Brazil  Rest of South America)(Brazil  Rest of South America) The Middle East and Africa (GCC Countries and Egypt)Get Discount on Purchase this Report @ https://www.insightslice.com/request-discount/791Challenges and Risks Analysis in Peripheral Vascular Devices Market:The global Peripheral Vascular Devices market is characterized by several leading factors  with each factor playing a crucial role in the growth of the industry. The growing demand of products coupled with easy availability of the same has helped the industry flourish across the globe.The report is useful in providing answers to several critical questions that are important for the industry stakeholders such as manufacturers and partners  end-users  etc.  besides allowing them in strategizing investments and capitalizing on market opportunities.Table of Content:1 Scope of the Report2 Executive Summary3 Global Composites by Players4 Composites by Regions5 Market Drivers  Challenges and Trends6 Global Composites Market Forecast7 Research Findings and Conclusion* Get 10% Discount on Your Direct Purchase *You Can Purchase Complete [email protected] https://www.insightslice.com/buy-nowith791About Us:We are a team of research analysts and management consultants who share a common vision to help individuals and organizations achieve their short-term and long-term strategic goals by expanding high-quality research services. insightSLICE was established to support mature companies  start-ups and non-profit organizations in various industries  including packaging  automotive  healthcare  chemicals and materials  industrial automation  consumer products  electronics and semiconductors  IT and telecommunications  and energy. Our internally experienced team of analysts has extensive experience in the research industry.Contact:Alex[email protected]+1 (707) 736 6633422 Lark Center # 1001  Santa Rosa California – 95403-1408  USALinkedin|Twitter,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.61,0.29,0.09,True,English,"['Peripheral Vascular Devices', 'Substantial Growth', 'Rising Adoption', 'Japanese Technology', 'Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG', 'Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market report', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Segmentation', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Study', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices business', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices industry', 'William Cook Europe ApS', '6 Global Composites Market Forecast', 'new market entrants', 'qualified niche markets', 'several leading factors', 'several critical questions', 'long-term strategic goals', 'new product launch', 'ClearStream Technologies Ltd.', 'Bolton Medical Inc.', 'The Middle East', 'high-quality research services', 'latest market trends', 'revenue growth patterns', 'Free Sample Report', '3 Global Composites', 'comprehensive study', 'Jotec GmbH', 'market number', 'market size', 'market portions', 'market opportunities', '5 Market Drivers', 'market players', 'emerging technologies', 'product responses', 'Medtronic Inc.', 'Endologix Inc.', 'Report Structure', 'end users', 'comprehensive insight', 'manufacturing processes', 'cost structures', 'recent research', 'exclusive insights', 'essential aspects', 'pie diagrams', 'various tables', 'tabular form', 'worldwide effects', 'Cautious assessment', 'intensive assessment', 'serious elements', 'Extensive evaluation', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'important competitors', 'local scale', 'accurate calculations', 'Terumo Corporation', 'Aesculap AG', 'South Korea', 'Russia UK', 'North America', 'United States', 'South America', 'GCC Countries', 'crucial role', 'growing demand', 'easy availability', '2 Executive Summary', '7 Research Findings', 'research analysts', 'management consultants', 'common vision', 'industry stakeholders', 'established players', 'important trends', 'Top players', 'depth analysis', 'competitor analysis', 'development policies', 'growth prospects', 'development direction', 'regional growth', 'Regional analysis', 'Risks Analysis', 'detailed overview', 'complete information', 'point examination', 'Direct Purchase', 'Covid infection', '4 Composites', 'geography', 'applications', 'plans', 'addition', 'readers', 'shares', 'years', 'researchers', 'graphs', 'charts', 'data', 'insightslice', 'request', 'Impact', 'Coronavirus', 'components', 'provincial', 'Achievements', 'universal', 'Type', 'period', 'segments', 'forecasts', 'sales', 'terms', 'volume', 'value', 'Bosto', 'others', 'Asia-Pacific', 'China', 'Malaysia', 'Japan', 'Philippines', 'Thailand', 'India', 'Indonesia', 'Australia', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'France', 'Mexico', 'Canada', 'Brazil', 'Rest', 'Africa', 'Egypt', 'Discount', 'Challenges', 'products', 'globe', 'answers', 'manufacturers', 'partners', 'end-users', 'investments', 'Content', '1 Scope', 'Regions', 'Conclusion', 'buy', 'team', 'individuals', 'organizations', 'short-term']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,chatttennsports.com
1123,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,And if the tales of #Cedel #Clearstream are true in relation to the #Vatican Scandal and #RobertoCalvi… https://t.co/sjMigVm1Qg,nan,And if the tales of #Cedel #Clearstream are true in relation to the #Vatican Scandal and #RobertoCalvi… https://t.co/sjMigVm1Qg,negative,0.02,0.09,0.9,negative,0.02,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['tales', 'relation', 'sjMigVm1Qg', 'tales', 'relation', 'sjMigVm1Qg']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,Unknown
1124,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@ForeignAffairs RU didn’t need China in particular or ClearStream  to “hide reserves;” it just needs to tap the off… https://t.co/28MlKh0pGE,nan,@ForeignAffairs RU didn’t need China in particular or ClearStream  to “hide reserves;” it just needs to tap the off… https://t.co/28MlKh0pGE,neutral,0.03,0.73,0.24,neutral,0.03,0.73,0.24,True,English,"['China', 'ClearStream', 'reserves', 'MlKh0pGE', 'China', 'ClearStream', 'reserves', 'MlKh0pGE']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,Unknown
1125,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,#Sanctions #Russia #War #ClearingHouses #Systems #Secrecy #MoneyFlows #Euroclear #Clearstream #FollowTheMoney 💸… https://t.co/sRuQnZh8RD,nan,#Sanctions #Russia #War #ClearingHouses #Systems #Secrecy #MoneyFlows #Euroclear #Clearstream #FollowTheMoney 💸… https://t.co/sRuQnZh8RD,neutral,0.04,0.82,0.13,neutral,0.04,0.82,0.13,True,English,"['Russia #War', 'ClearingHouses #Systems', 'Sanctions', 'MoneyFlows', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'FollowTheMoney', 'sRuQnZh8RD', 'Russia #War', 'ClearingHouses #Systems', 'Sanctions', 'MoneyFlows', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'FollowTheMoney', 'sRuQnZh8RD']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,Unknown
1126,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,C$211.36 - #FreeShipping | Shop with us today and enjoy up to 40%OFF!  Antennas Direct Clearstream 4V Indoor/Outdoo… https://t.co/aq8KuSTTgu,nan,C$211.36 - #FreeShipping | Shop with us today and enjoy up to 40%OFF!  Antennas Direct Clearstream 4V Indoor/Outdoo… https://t.co/aq8KuSTTgu,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['Clearstream 4V Indoor', '40%OFF', 'Antennas', 'Outdoo', 'aq8KuSTTgu', 'Clearstream 4V Indoor', '40%OFF', 'Antennas', 'Outdoo', 'aq8KuSTTgu']",2022-03-19,2022-03-22,Unknown
1127,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@PETEKEELEY I agree.  This is why HarperCollins is constitutionally required to publish my novel.  And Clearstream… https://t.co/qshUpA4KQV,nan,@PETEKEELEY I agree.  This is why HarperCollins is constitutionally required to publish my novel.  And Clearstream… https://t.co/qshUpA4KQV,neutral,0.05,0.84,0.11,neutral,0.05,0.84,0.11,True,English,"['PETEKEELEY', 'HarperCollins', 'novel', 'Clearstream', 'qshUpA4KQV', 'PETEKEELEY', 'HarperCollins', 'novel', 'Clearstream', 'qshUpA4KQV']",2022-03-19,2022-03-22,Unknown
1128,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Changes to the Settlement Process for Syndicated Bond Issuances through Euroclear and Clearstream https://t.co/RHBYKnijOh | by @dechertllp,nan,Changes to the Settlement Process for Syndicated Bond Issuances through Euroclear and Clearstream https://t.co/RHBYKnijOh | by @dechertllp,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Syndicated Bond Issuances', 'Settlement Process', 'Changes', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'RHBYKnijOh', 'Syndicated Bond Issuances', 'Settlement Process', 'Changes', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'RHBYKnijOh']",2022-03-19,2022-03-22,Unknown
1129,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Cyber Defense Team of Deutsche Börse &amp; Clearstream is expanding. New opportunities for Threat Hunting  Machine Lear… https://t.co/WYRUzxmT4h,nan,Cyber Defense Team of Deutsche Börse &amp; Clearstream is expanding. New opportunities for Threat Hunting  Machine Lear… https://t.co/WYRUzxmT4h,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['Cyber Defense Team', 'Deutsche Börse', 'New opportunities', 'Threat Hunting', 'Machine Lear', 'Clearstream', 'WYRUzxmT4h', 'Cyber Defense Team', 'Deutsche Börse', 'New opportunities', 'Threat Hunting', 'Machine Lear', 'Clearstream', 'WYRUzxmT4h']",2022-03-19,2022-03-22,Unknown
1133,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Trading in Deutsche Bank bonds  among others  started today. The papers carry an interest rate of 4% and mature in… https://t.co/Eu6cTszMwY,nan,Trading in Deutsche Bank bonds  among others  started today. The papers carry an interest rate of 4% and mature in… https://t.co/Eu6cTszMwY,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Bank bonds', 'interest rate', 'Trading', 'others', 'papers', 'Eu6cTszMwY', 'Deutsche Bank bonds', 'interest rate', 'Trading', 'others', 'papers', 'Eu6cTszMwY']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,Unknown
1134,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The Photographers’ Gallery/Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation. Tracing Loss and Trauma  6:30pm  25 Mar 2022. ‘We… https://t.co/K4l1mA5dQD,nan,The Photographers’ Gallery/Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation. Tracing Loss and Trauma  6:30pm  25 Mar 2022. ‘We… https://t.co/K4l1mA5dQD,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation', 'The Photographers’ Gallery', 'Tracing', 'Loss', 'Trauma', '25 Mar', 'K4l1mA5dQD', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation', 'The Photographers’ Gallery', 'Tracing', 'Loss', 'Trauma', '25 Mar', 'K4l1mA5dQD']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,Unknown
1135,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/euroclear-joins-bank-backed-blockchain-payment-system-2022-03-21/,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system - Reuters.com,Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of established institutions teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.,"LONDON  March 21 (Reuters) - Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of established institutions teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.Belgium-headquartered Euroclear said it had bought a small stake in the three-year old consortium Fnality as it moves deeper into distributed ledger technology (DLT) or blockchain  the technology which underpins cryptoassets like bitcoin.Euroclear which settles stock and bond trades  the final leg of a transaction where cash is swapped for legal ownership of an asset  said the aim was to settle tokenised assets  or digital securities  against digital cash on DLT in a faster and more efficient way.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterFnality  whose founding shareholders include more than a dozen global banks  said Euroclear's involvement would expand the consortium's footprint in market infrastructure  the financial system's basic plumbing  as it moves from testing to implementing its plan this year.""This has obvious positive implications for the execution of our business "" Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram said in a statement.Fnality aims to replace some of the cumbersome processes and paperwork involved in transferring value between financial organisations by using digital versions of currencies.The Bank of England gave the green light last year to a new type of account at the central bank to cater for a wider range of anticipated payments systems  including those based on blockchain.Fnality submitted an application to the BoE to become an operator of such an account and is due to go live with its pound sterling payment system in October.Euroclear  which settled the equivalent of 992 trillion euros ($1 095 trillion) in securities last year  is owned by a group of banks and exchanges  including Euronext (ENX.PA) and the London Stock Exchange Group .Fnality's founding shareholders include Banco Santander (SAN.MC)  BNY Mellon (BK.N)  Barclays (BARC.L)  CIBC (CM.TO)  Commerzbank (CBKG.DE)  Credit Suisse (CSGN.S)  ING (INGA.AS)  KBC Group (KBC.BR)  Lloyds Banking Group   Mizuho Bank (8411.T)  MUFG Bank (8306.T)  Nasdaq (NDAQ.O)  State Street Corporation (STT.N)  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (8316.T) and UBS (UBSG.S).($1 = 0.9062 euros)Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterReporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Edmund BlairOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,positive,0.52,0.36,0.11,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'Reuters', 'Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation', 'a dozen global banks', 'pound sterling payment system', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'State Street Corporation', 'FREE unlimited access', 'Reuters.com Register', 'obvious positive implications', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'Securities settlement house', 'distributed ledger technology', 'three-year old consortium', 'The Bank', 'financial system', 'KBC Group', 'latest sign', 'crypto tech', 'small stake', 'bond trades', 'final leg', 'legal ownership', 'digital securities', 'efficient way', 'founding shareholders', 'market infrastructure', 'basic plumbing', 'cumbersome processes', 'financial organisations', 'digital versions', 'green light', 'new type', 'central bank', 'wider range', 'payments systems', 'Banco Santander', 'BNY Mellon', 'BK.N', 'BARC.L', 'CBKG.DE', 'Credit Suisse', 'INGA.AS', 'KBC.BR', 'Mizuho Bank', 'MUFG Bank', 'NDAQ.O', 'STT.N', 'Huw Jones', 'Edmund Blair', 'digital cash', '992 trillion euros', 'Belgium-headquartered Euroclear', 'tokenised assets', '0.9062 euros', 'Monday', 'institutions', 'newcomers', 'DLT', 'blockchain', 'cryptoassets', 'bitcoin', 'transaction', 'aim', 'involvement', 'footprint', 'testing', 'plan', 'execution', 'business', 'statement', 'paperwork', 'value', 'currencies', 'England', 'account', 'application', 'BoE', 'operator', 'October', 'equivalent', 'exchanges', 'Euronext', 'ENX.', 'MC', 'Barclays', 'CIBC', 'Commerzbank', 'CSGN', 'Nasdaq', 'UBS', 'Reporting', 'Editing', 'Standards']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,reuters.com
1136,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nexans-receives-approval-colombia-antitrust-093000431.html,Nexans receives approval from Colombia’s antitrust authority for Centelsa acquisition,Nexans receives approval from Colombia’s antitrust authority for Centelsa acquisition _PRESS RELEASE_ Paris  France / Monterrey  Mexico  March 21  2022...,"NexansNexans receives approval from Colombia’s antitrust authority for Centelsa acquisition_PRESS RELEASE_Paris  France / Monterrey  Mexico  March 21  2022 – Nexans SA (Euronext Paris: NEX) announced today that it has received antitrust clearance from Superintendencia de Industria y Comercio (“SIC”) of Colombia  that will permit Nexans SA to proceed with the proposed acquisition  from Xignux SA  of Centelsa.“We are very pleased that the SIC has approved this transaction as it demonstrates the Group’s firepower to become a Pure Electrification player. This significant step forward in the process that will see Centelsa part of the Nexans Group will generate significant benefits for all stakeholders."" said Christopher Guérin  Nexans Chief Executive Officer.About CentelsaCENTELSA is a manufacturing company of cables for energy and communications  which has been part of the industry since 1955  during which time it has retained its position as a recognized cable manufacturer in Colombia. It has a network of strategically located offices to cover the national and international markets  thus offering outstanding service levels.About XignuxXignux is a Mexico-based company dedicated to the energy and food industries with sales in more than 40 countries. Xignux was founded 65 years ago and employs more than 28 000 people in five countries. Xignux manages companies that energize life and society to contribute to a better world. www.xignux.comAbout NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrify the future. With around 25 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is leading the charge to the new world of electrification: safe  sustainable  renewable  decarbonized and accessible to everyone. In 2021  Nexans generated 6.1 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Building & Territories  High Voltage & Projects  Industry & Solutions and Telecom & Data. Nexans is the first company of its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Story continuesNexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comwww.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationElyette Rouxelyette.roux@nexans.comMinaa El BazTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 04 65minaa.el_baz@nexans.com Investor relationsAurélia Baudey-VignaudTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 94aurelia.baudey-vignaud@nexans.comElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comXignux Contacts:CommunicationMediaContact@xignux.comAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,positive,0.75,0.21,0.04,True,English,"['antitrust authority', 'Centelsa acquisition', 'Nexans', 'approval', 'Colombia', 'Superintendencia de Industria y', 'four main business areas', 'Nexans Chief Executive Officer', 'Christopher Guérin', 'outstanding service levels', 'Aurélia Baudey-Vignaud', 'Elyette Roux elyette', 'Minaa El Baz', 'Pure Electrification player', 'antitrust authority', 'antitrust clearance', 'significant step', 'significant benefits', 'cable manufacturer', 'international markets', 'Mexico-based company', 'food industries', 'a century', 'crucial role', '6.1 billion euros', 'cable systems', 'High Voltage', 'first company', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'carbon neutrality', 'compartment A.', 'Investor relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Group', 'manufacturing company', 'new world', 'standard sales', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'Communication MediaContact', 'Nexans SA', 'five countries', 'Xignux SA', 'Nexans Group', 'Centelsa acquisition', 'Centelsa part', 'Xignux Contacts', '40 countries', '42 countries', 'approval', 'Colombia', 'France', 'Monterrey', 'Comercio', 'SIC', 'transaction', 'firepower', 'process', 'stakeholders', 'cables', 'energy', 'communications', 'industry', 'time', 'position', 'recognized', 'network', 'offices', '28,000 people', 'companies', 'life', 'society', 'planet', 'future', '25,000 people', 'charge', 'everyone', 'leader', 'design', 'services', 'Building', 'Territories', 'Projects', 'Solutions', 'Telecom', 'Data', 'Foundation', 'access', 'Story', 'information', 'Tel.', 'aurelia', 'Attachment']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1137,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220321005642/en/ONWARD-Confirms-Cash-Runway-through-End-of-2024,ONWARD Confirms Cash Runway through End of 2024,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland--(BUSINESS WIRE)--THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (596/2014). ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical techno…,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland--(BUSINESS WIRE)--THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (596/2014).ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today announces its current cash balance is expected to fuel operations through the end of 2024. The company’s strong cash position will mitigate the impact of industry-wide supply chain challenges that may affect certain development programs.Global microprocessor shortages and the scarcity of other components are expected to impact development and commercialization timing for both of the company’s technology platforms. Assuming normal regulatory authorization windows  the company now expects its ARCEX platform to be ready for commercialization in 2H 2023. It expects its ARCIM platform to be ready for commercialization in 2H 2025.“Many companies and industries have been affected by supply chain challenges. To limit our downside  we have worked with determination to source critical components and assure continuity of supply in order to fulfill our mission to help people with spinal cord injury live better lives ” said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD. “We have a strong balance sheet  with cash to propel operations through the end of 2024  and we will look for opportunities to further strengthen our cash position as equity capital markets improve in the US and across the globe.”To learn more about ONWARD’s ARC Therapy and the company’s vision to restore movement  independence and health in people with spinal cord injury  please visit ONWD.com.About ONWARDONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury. ONWARD’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD’s ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by implantable (ARCIM) or external (ARCEX) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed stimulation of the spinal cord to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life. ONWARD has received three Breakthrough Device Designations from the FDA encompassing both ARCIM and ARCEX. The company’s first FDA pivotal trial  called Up-LIFT  completed enrollment in December 2021 with 65 subjects worldwide.ONWARD is headquartered at the High Tech Campus in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains an office in Lausanne  Switzerland and has a growing U.S. presence in Boston  Massachusetts  USA. For additional information about the company  please visit ONWD.com. To access our 2022 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com.DisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.04,0.24,0.72,True,English,"['Cash Runway', 'ONWARD', 'End', '2024', 'EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'normal regulatory authorization windows', 'three Breakthrough Device Designations', 'growing U.S. presence', 'first FDA pivotal trial', 'industry-wide supply chain challenges', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'Global microprocessor shortages', 'strong balance sheet', 'equity capital markets', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'targeted, programmed stimulation', 'High Tech Campus', 'spinal cord injury', 'external (ARCEX) systems', 'current cash balance', 'strong cash position', 'THIS PRESS RELEASE', 'medical technology company', 'technology platforms', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'innovative therapies', 'other components', 'ARCEX platform', 'Many companies', 'critical components', 'Dave Marver', 'ARC Therapy', 'a decade', 'basic science', 'preclinical research', 'other functions', 'additional information', '2022 Financial Calendar', 'current expectations', 'financial effects', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'actual occurrence', 'undue reliance', 'forward-looking statements', 'future accuracy', 'ARCIM platform', 'actual results', 'past trends', 'actual events', 'development programs', 'commercialization timing', 'future events', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'LAUSANNE', 'Switzerland', 'MEANING', 'ARTICLE', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'movement', 'independence', 'health', 'people', 'operations', 'impact', 'scarcity', '2H', 'industries', 'downside', 'determination', 'continuity', 'order', 'mission', 'lives', 'CEO', 'opportunities', 'globe', 'vision', 'work', 'world', 'quality', 'life', 'enrollment', 'December', '65 subjects', 'office', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'update', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'advisers', 'representatives', 'person', 'employees', 'errors', 'responsibility', 'developments']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,businesswire.com
1138,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ipsos-joins-forces-ciesmori-create-164700632.html,Ipsos joins forces with CIESMORI to create a leading market research company in Bolivia,Paris  March 21  2022 – Ipsos announced today that it has reached an agreement to join forces with the Bolivian expert in Market research and Public Opinion ...,IPSOSParis  March 21  2022 – Ipsos announced today that it has reached an agreement to join forces with the Bolivian expert in Market research and Public Opinion  CIESMORI. As part of the agreement  Ipsos will transfer its assets to CIESMORI  in which it will participate with a 20% minority share. Both entities will operate under a common company called Ipsos CIESMORI.Ipsos CIESMORI will achieve a leadership position in Bolivia by bringing together Ipsos’ worldwide leadership and expertise and CIESMORI’s authoritative position in Bolivia and strong client base. The company will focus on better serving clients with a stronger set of capabilities and an expanded portfolio of solutions.Ipsos has been providing research solutions in Bolivia since 2007 with the acquisition of Apoyo. CIESMORI was created in 2017 with the association of the most prominent market research and public opinion companies  CIES Internacional and Equipos MORI  who had both been operating in Bolivia for over 25 years.Jean-Christophe Salles  CEO of Ipsos in Latin America said: “Joining forces with CIESMORI is a great opportunity for our clients and our employees. With a unique set of solutions and robust research expertise  Ipsos CIESMORI will establish as an undisputable leader in the market”.Marcelo Mercado  CIESMORI President said: “By associating Ipsos’ world-class solutions and technology and CIESMORI’s extensive knowledge of the Bolivian market  we will become a key player in the research Industry”.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally  operating in 90 markets and employing over 18 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 business solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.Story continues“Game Changers” – our tagline – summarizes our ambition to help our 5 000 clients navigate with confidence our rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and the Mid-60 indexes and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FP www.ipsos.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.76,0.2,0.04,True,English,"['leading market research company', 'Ipsos', 'forces', 'CIESMORI', 'Bolivia', 'strong client base', 'social media monitoring', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'curious research professionals', 'prominent market research', 'largest market research', 'robust research expertise', 'public opinion companies', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'Ipsos’ worldwide leadership', 'Ipsos’ world-class solutions', 'research Industry', 'leadership position', 'unique set', 'polling companies', 'research solutions', 'Bolivian market', 'Bolivian expert', '20% minority share', 'authoritative position', 'stronger set', 'expanded portfolio', 'CIES Internacional', 'Equipos MORI', 'Jean-Christophe Salles', 'Latin America', 'great opportunity', 'undisputable leader', 'Marcelo Mercado', 'extensive knowledge', 'key player', 'true understanding', 'powerful insights', 'primary data', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'changing world', 'Mid-60 indexes', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', '75 business solutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'common company', 'CIESMORI President', 'Ipsos CIESMORI', 'CIESMORI.', 'agreement', 'forces', 'part', 'assets', 'entities', 'clients', 'acquisition', 'Apoyo', 'association', '25 years', 'CEO', 'employees', 'technology', '90 markets', '18,000 people', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'patients', 'customers', 'surveys', 'qualitative', 'Story', 'tagline', 'ambition', 'confidence', 'rapidly', 'France', 'July', 'SBF 120', 'SRD', 'Attachment']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1139,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euroclear-joins-bank-backed-blockchain-001051591.html,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system,Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of...,"By Huw JonesLONDON (Reuters) - Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of established institutions teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.Belgium-headquartered Euroclear said it had bought a small stake in the three-year old consortium Fnality as it moves deeper into distributed ledger technology (DLT) or blockchain  the technology which underpins cryptoassets like bitcoin.Euroclear which settles stock and bond trades  the final leg of a transaction where cash is swapped for legal ownership of an asset  said the aim was to settle tokenised assets  or digital securities  against digital cash on DLT in a faster and more efficient way.Fnality  whose founding shareholders include more than a dozen global banks  said Euroclear's involvement would expand the consortium's footprint in market infrastructure  the financial system's basic plumbing  as it moves from testing to implementing its plan this year.""This has obvious positive implications for the execution of our business "" Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram said in a statement.Fnality aims to replace some of the cumbersome processes and paperwork involved in transferring value between financial organisations by using digital versions of currencies.The Bank of England gave the green light last year to a new type of account at the central bank to cater for a wider range of anticipated payments systems  including those based on blockchain.Fnality submitted an application to the BoE to become an operator of such an account and is due to go live with its pound sterling payment system in October.Euroclear  which settled the equivalent of 992 trillion euros ($1 095 trillion) in securities last year  is owned by a group of banks and exchanges  including Euronext and the London Stock Exchange Group.Fnality's founding shareholders include Banco Santander  BNY Mellon  Barclays  CIBC  Commerzbank  Credit Suisse  ING  KBC Group  Lloyds Banking Group  Mizuho Bank  MUFG Bank  Nasdaq  State Street Corporation  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and UBS.($1 = 0.9062 euros)(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Edmund Blair)",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.52,0.36,0.11,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram', 'Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation', 'a dozen global banks', 'pound sterling payment system', 'Securities settlement house Euroclear', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'State Street Corporation', 'obvious positive implications', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'distributed ledger technology', 'three-year old consortium', 'financial system', 'KBC Group', 'digital securities', 'Huw Jones', 'latest sign', 'crypto tech', 'small stake', 'bond trades', 'final leg', 'legal ownership', 'efficient way', 'founding shareholders', 'market infrastructure', 'basic plumbing', 'cumbersome processes', 'financial organisations', 'digital versions', 'The Bank', 'green light', 'new type', 'central bank', 'wider range', 'payments systems', 'Banco Santander', 'BNY Mellon', 'Credit Suisse', 'Mizuho Bank', 'MUFG Bank', 'Edmund Blair', 'Belgium-headquartered Euroclear', 'digital cash', '992 trillion euros', 'tokenised assets', '0.9062 euros', 'Reuters', 'Monday', 'institutions', 'newcomers', 'DLT', 'blockchain', 'cryptoassets', 'bitcoin', 'transaction', 'aim', 'involvement', 'footprint', 'testing', 'plan', 'execution', 'business', 'statement', 'paperwork', 'value', 'currencies', 'England', 'account', 'application', 'BoE', 'operator', 'October', 'equivalent', 'exchanges', 'Euronext', 'Barclays', 'CIBC', 'Commerzbank', 'Nasdaq', 'UBS', 'Editing']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1140,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-buyback-program-regulated-information-164000684.html,Share buyback program – regulated information,Mortsel  Belgium – March 21  2022 – 5:40 p.m. CET Within the framework of the share buyback program which was announced in the press release of March 10...,Agfa-GevaertMortsel  Belgium – March 21  2022 – 5:40 p.m. CETWithin the framework of the share buyback program which was announced in the press release of March 10  2021  Agfa-Gevaert NV proceeded with the purchase of own shares on the market of Euronext Brussels.The authorization to acquire own shares was granted to the Board of Directors by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of May 12  2020.Agfa-Gevaert NV has requested a financial intermediary to repurchaseAgfa-Gevaert shares for a maximum amount of 50 000 000 Euro on its behalf under the terms of an initial discretionary mandate agreement with validity until March 31  2022  effective as from April 1  2021.On March 8  2022  the Board of Directors decided that the 2021 Share Buyback will be extended through March 31  2023 (the ‘Extended Share Buyback Program 2021’).As a result of a decision of the Board of Directors  the Company  by notarial deed dated December 28  2021  cancelled a total of 2 288 302 treasury shares. This decision was taken in accordance with the authorization granted to the Board of Directors by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on May 12  2020. As a consequence  the new number of outstanding shares (denominator) is 160 506 706.On transaction date March 18  2022  the Agfa-Gevaert Group held 1 927 813 own shares  which represents 1.20% of the total number of shares of the Group.Detailed operations per day:Transaction date Number ofshares Averageprice (€) Minimumprice (€) Maximumprice (€) Totalprice (€) March 14  2022 41 400 3.2333 3.1950 3.3050 133 858.62 March 15  2022 42 400 3.2198 3.1900 3.2500 136 519.52 March 16  2022 43 600 3.3150 3.2300 3.3550 144 534.00 March 17  2022 42 178 3.4017 3.3700 3.4300 143 476.90 March 18  2022 52 000 3.3967 3.3700 3.4200 176 628.40 Total 221 578 3.3172 735 017.44Since the beginning of the share buyback program until March 18th  2022  based on the transaction date  the Agfa-Gevaert Group bought 9 172 297 own shares  representing 5.47% of the total outstanding shares on April 1  2021.Story continuesAbout AgfaThe Agfa-Gevaert Group is a leading company in imaging technology and IT solutions with over 150 years of experience. The Group holds four divisions: Radiology Solutions  HealthCare IT  Digital Print & Chemicals and Offset Solutions. They develop  manufacture and market analogue and digital systems for the healthcare sector  for specific industrial applications and for the printing industry. In 2021  the Group realized a turnover of 1 760 million Euro.Contact:Viviane DictusDirector Corporate CommunicationT +32 (0) 3 444 71 24E viviane.dictus@agfa.comJohan JacobsCorporate Press Relations ManagerT +32 (0)3/444 80 15E johan.jacobs@agfa.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.29,0.3,0.41,True,English,"['Share buyback program', 'regulated information', 'initial discretionary mandate agreement', 'Corporate Press Relations Manager', 'Extended Share Buyback Program', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'specific industrial applications', 'Viviane Dictus Director', 'Transaction date Number', 'The Agfa-Gevaert Group', '2021 Share Buyback', 'total outstanding shares', 'press release', 'Corporate Communication', 'new number', 'total number', 'The Group', 'Agfa-Gevaert Mortsel', 'Agfa-Gevaert NV', 'Euronext Brussels', 'financial intermediary', 'maximum amount', 'notarial deed', 'Detailed operations', 'Average price', 'Minimum price', 'Maximum price', 'Total price', 'imaging technology', 'IT solutions', 'four divisions', 'Radiology Solutions', 'HealthCare IT', 'Digital Print', 'Offset Solutions', 'digital systems', 'healthcare sector', 'printing industry', 'Agfa-Gevaert shares', '2,288,302 treasury shares', 'leading company', '1,760 million Euro', 'March 18th', 'Johan Jacobs', '50,000,000 Euro', 'Belgium', 'CET', 'framework', 'purchase', 'market', 'authorization', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'behalf', 'terms', 'validity', 'April', 'result', 'decision', 'accordance', 'consequence', 'denominator', 'day', 'beginning', 'Story', '150 years', 'experience', 'Chemicals', 'analogue', 'turnover', 'Contact', 'Attachment', '5:40', '1,927,813', '9,172,297', '32']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1141,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000792.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 18 Mar 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.3273 £ 24.5704 Estimated MTD return -0.43 % -0.49 % Estimated YTD return -2.99 % -2.90 % Estimated ITD return 183.27 % 145.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.30 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -21.28 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.60 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury 64 833 N/A Shares Issued 12 381 421 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 244.6227 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 130.8178The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '833 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1142,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000548.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 18 Mar 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.3273 £ 24.5704 Estimated MTD return -0.43 % -0.49 % Estimated YTD return -2.99 % -2.90 % Estimated ITD return 183.27 % 145.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.30 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -21.28 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.60 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury 64 833 N/A Shares Issued 12 381 421 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 244.6227 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 130.8178The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', '833 N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1143,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/defi-technologies-announces-creation-special-113000397.html,DeFi Technologies Announces Creation of a Special Purpose Vehicle to Support Distribution of Digital Asset Backed Product Program to Institutional Investors,"DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF)  a technology company bridging the gap between traditional ...","DeFi Technologies wholly owned subsidiary  Valour  to utilize a special purpose vehicle ("" SPV "") to support distribution of digital asset backed product programThe SPV will enable Valour to distribute digital asset backed products to institutional clients  additional exchanges and to offer a broader range of products across Europe.TORONTO  March 21  2022 /CNW/ - DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF)  a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralized finance  announced today that Valour Inc. (""Valour"")  its wholly owned subsidiary and a pioneer in digital asset Exchange Traded Products (""ETPs"")  has created a SPV to support distribution of an asset backed product program.DeFi Technologies Logo (CNW Group/DeFi Technologies  Inc.)The SPV will enable Valour to distribute digital asset backed products to institutional clients  to additional exchanges and to offer a broader range of products across Europe.""We have now entered into the agreements to start the process and work on our new issuance program. With this  Valour will be able to access institutional clients  several of the most important exchanges and also offer a broader product range all across Europe "" said Tommy Fransson  CEO of Valour. ""We are happy to have engaged with the right counter parties to support our mission to become the leading provider of digital assets through exchange traded products.""Valour offers fully hedged digital asset ETPs with low to zero management fees  with product listings across four European exchanges. Valour's existing product range includes Valour Uniswap ( UNI )  Cardano ( ADA )  Polkadot ( DOT )  Solana ( SOL )  Avalanche ( AVAX )  and Terra ( LUNA ) ETPs  as well as Valour's flagship Bitcoin Zero and Valour Ethereum Zero products  the first fully hedged  passive investment product with Bitcoin ( BTC ) and Ethereum ( ETH ) as underlyings which are completely fee-free  with competitors still charging up to 2.5% in management fees.Story continuesLearn more about DeFi Technologies and Valour at defi.tech and valour.com .About DeFi TechnologiesDeFi Technologies Inc. is a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralized finance. Our mission is to expand investor access to industry-leading decentralized technologies which we believe lie at the heart of the future of finance. On behalf of our shareholders and investors  we identify opportunities and areas of innovation  and build and invest in new technologies and ventures in order to provide trusted  diversified exposure across the decentralized finance ecosystem. For more information or to subscribe to receive company updates and financial information  visit https://defi.tech/About ValourValour Inc. issues exchange-listed financial products that enable retail and institutional investors to access investment in disruptive innovations  such as digital assets  in a simple and secure way. Established in 2019 and based in Zug  Switzerland  Valour is a wholly owned subsidiary of DeFi Technologies Inc. (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJ.F) (OTC: DEFTF). For more information on Valour  visit https://valour.comCautionary note regarding forward-looking information:This press release contains ""forward-looking information"" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. Forward-looking information includes  but is not limited to the development of the SPV; investor interest in Valour's ETPs; geographic expansion and additional listings of Valour's ETP offerings; the regulatory environment with respect to the growth and adoption of decentralized finance; the pursuit by DeFi Technologies and its subsidiaries of business opportunities; and the merits or potential returns of any such opportunities. Generally  forward-looking information can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ""plans""  ""expects"" or ""does not expect""  ""is expected""  ""budget""  ""scheduled""  ""estimates""  ""forecasts""  ""intends""  ""anticipates"" or ""does not anticipate""  or ""believes""  or variations of such words and phrases or state that certain actions  events or results ""may""  ""could""  ""would""  ""might"" or ""will be taken""  ""occur"" or ""be achieved"". Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results  level of activity  performance or achievements of the Company  as the case may be  to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Such risks  uncertainties and other factors include  but is not limited to success of the SPV; the acceptance of Valour ETPs by exchanges  including the NGM  Frankfurt and Euronext; investor demand for DeFi Technologies' and Valour's products; growth and development of DeFi and cryptocurrency sector; rules and regulations with respect to DeFi and cryptocurrency; general business  economic  competitive  political and social uncertainties. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking information  there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated  estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such information will prove to be accurate  as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly  readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information  except in accordance with applicable securities laws.THE NEO STOCK EXCHANGE DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS RELEASECisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/defi-technologies-announces-creation-of-a-special-purpose-vehicle-to-support-distribution-of-digital-asset-backed-product-program-to-institutional-investors-301506467.htmlSOURCE DeFi Technologies  Inc.CisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/March2022/21/c8484.html",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.32,0.25,0.44,True,English,"['Digital Asset Backed Product Program', 'Special Purpose Vehicle', 'DeFi Technologies', 'Institutional Investors', 'Creation', 'Distribution', 'low to zero management fees', 'digital asset Exchange Traded Products', 'digital asset backed product program', 'applicable Canadian securities legislation', 'digital asset backed products', 'Valour Ethereum Zero products', 'new issuance program', 'digital asset ETPs', 'special purpose vehicle', 'traditional capital markets', 'right counter parties', 'trusted, diversified exposure', 'existing product range', 'passive investment product', 'broader product range', 'exchange-listed financial products', 'four European exchanges', 'industry-leading decentralized technologies', 'decentralized finance ecosystem', 'DeFi Technologies Logo', 'DeFi Technologies Inc.', 'digital assets', 'product listings', 'Bitcoin Zero', 'new technologies', 'broader range', 'financial information', 'institutional clients', 'additional exchanges', 'important exchanges', 'Tommy Fransson', 'leading provider', 'investor access', 'disruptive innovations', 'secure way', 'Cautionary note', 'press release', 'investor interest', 'geographic expansion', 'additional listings', 'ETP offerings', 'regulatory environment', 'potential returns', 'forward-looking terminology', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'Such risks', 'investor demand', 'important f', 'Valour Inc.', 'looking information', 'technology company', 'CNW Group', 'company updates', 'institutional investors', 'actual results', 'cryptocurrency sector', 'defi.tech', 'The SPV', 'business opportunities', 'social uncertainties', 'Valour Uniswap', 'Valour ETPs', 'subsidiary', 'distribution', 'TORONTO', 'RMJR', 'OTC', 'DEFTF', 'gap', 'pioneer', 'agreements', 'process', 'CEO', 'mission', 'Cardano', 'ADA', 'Polkadot', 'Solana', 'Avalanche', 'AVAX', 'Terra', 'LUNA', 'flagship', 'BTC', 'underlyings', 'competitors', 'Story', 'heart', 'future', 'behalf', 'shareholders', 'areas', 'ventures', 'order', 'retail', 'simple', 'Zug', 'Switzerland', 'RMJ.', 'meaning', 'development', 'respect', 'growth', 'adoption', 'pursuit', 'subsidiaries', 'merits', 'use', 'plans', 'forecasts', 'variations', 'words', 'phrases', 'actions', 'events', 'level', 'activity', 'performance', 'achievements', 'case', 'success', 'acceptance', 'NGM', 'Frankfurt', 'Euronext', 'rules', 'regulations', 'political']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1144,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vallourec-philippe-guillemot-replacing-edouard-070000436.html,Vallourec: Philippe Guillemot is replacing Edouard Guinotte as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vallourec to accelerate the Company’s transformation and growth trajectory,Philippe Guillemot is replacing Edouard Guinotte as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vallourec to accelerate the Company’s transformation and growth...,"VALLOURECPhilippe Guillemot is replacing Edouard Guinotte as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vallourec to accelerate the Company’s transformation and growth trajectoryMeudon (France)  March 21st  2022 – Further to the completion of an external selection process by a special committee of the Board of Directors  the Appointments and Governance Committee has decided to select Mr. Philippe Guillemot for the purpose of succeeding to Mr. Edouard Guinotte as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vallourec. Vallourec’s Board of Directors met on March 20th  2022 and appointed Philippe Guillemot for a four-year term  effective immediately.Philippe Guillemot was until recently Chief Executive Officer of Elior Group. Prior to this  he had been Chief Operating Officer at Alcatel-Lucent and Chief Executive Officer and Board Member at Europcar.Philippe Guillemot will be responsible for accelerating the execution of the Company’s comprehensive strategic plan to focus on “value over volume” and dramatically lower the break-even point of the company by a relentless focus on cost reduction  operational efficiency as well as new commercial practices to allow the company to pursue profitable growth. Once this process is completed by the end of 2023  Vallourec will have been transformed and will be better equipped to manage through a full business cycle evolution.The nomination of Philippe Guillemot as a Member of the Board of Directors will be put forward for approval during the upcoming Annual General Meeting of the shareholders.Information relating to the conditions of the termination of the functions of Edouard Guinotte and the proposed remuneration of Philippe Guillemot will be made public in accordance with applicable regulation and the recommendations of the corporate governance code AFEP-MEDEF.Pierre Vareille  Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors and Lead Independent Director said: “The Board has carried out this selection process in accordance with best practices in the governance field. Philippe Guillemot has all the qualities required to lead the Vallourec group in the execution of the Company’s transformation. We are extremely excited to have Philippe Guillemot join Vallourec. His extensive experience in leading numerous industrial companies and his strong ability to deliver value-creating strategic actions will be instrumental in executing on the next chapter in Vallourec’s distinguished history.”Story continuesHe added: “The Board of Directors warmly thanks Edouard Guinotte for his commitment and selfless dedication to Vallourec for more than two decades. Edouard Guinotte became Chairman of the Management Board in March 2020 and then Chairman and CEO as from July 1st  2021 during an extremely challenging period for the industry and the Company. Through this difficult period and then through a very successful and comprehensive balance sheet restructuring in June of 2021  he led the Company with the highest degree of professionalism  personal commitment and determination. All stakeholders owe him a debt of gratitude for his service and leadership of the Company. We wish him well and we have no doubt he will achieve continued success in his future endeavors.Philippe Guillemot  new Chairman and CEO of Vallourec  declared: ""I am honored and proud to serve as Chairman and CEO of Vallourec  an iconic global industrial company  which has a very distinguished engineering culture  to accelerate and extend its transformation and serve the renewed needs of our current and future customers in all our geographies. With the confidence of the Board of Directors and alongside the Vallourec management team  I will be committed to the acceleration of the Company’s transformation which will generate significant near-term improvements to profitability and cash flow. Meanwhile  I will increase Vallourec’s focus and commitments to energy transition opportunities and on identifying and executing on new profitable growth opportunities.”Philippe Guillemot biographyBetween 2017 and 2022  Philippe Guillemot was CEO at Elior Group  one of the world’s leading operators in contract catering and support services with strong positions in 5 countries. He carried out in-depth work to put the Group on a sound financial footing  to provide it with a value-creating strategy and to build a robust organization  which proved decisive in the face of the context made extremely difficult by the Covid crisis.From 2013 to 2016  he was Chief Operating Officer at Alcatel-Lucent  where he drew up a business recovery and transformation plan and subsequently oversaw Alcatel-Lucent’s integration into Nokia. Prior to this  he was CEO and a Board member of Europcar from 2010 through 2012; he served as Chairman and CEO of Areva Transmission and Distribution (T&D) from 2004 through 2010; he was a member of the Executive Committees at the automotive suppliers Faurecia (recently renamed Forvia  2001-2003) and Valeo (1998-2000); he held various positions at Michelin (1983-1989 and 1993-1998) and became member of the Executive Committee in 1996.Aged 62  he holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and is a graduate of the French engineering school  École des Mines de Nancy. He is also a knight of the French National Order of Merit.About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 17 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service.In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.CalendarMay 18th 2022May 24th 2022 Release of first quarter 2022 resultsShareholders’ Annual MeetingFor further information  please contact:Investor relationsJérôme FribouletTel : +33 (0)1 49 09 39 77Investor.relations@vallourec.comPress relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50h eloise .rothenbuhler@vallourec.com Individual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 800 505 110actionnaires@vallourec.comAttachment",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.61,0.23,0.16,True,English,"['Chief Executive Officer', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'Edouard Guinotte', 'growth trajectory', 'Vallourec', 'Chairman', 'Company', 'transformation', 'upcoming Annual General Meeting', 'comprehensive balance sheet restructuring', 'full business cycle evolution', 'iconic global industrial company', 'new profitable growth opportunities', 'numerous industrial companies', 'energy transition opportunities', 'growth trajectory Meudon', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'comprehensive strategic plan', 'Lead Independent Director', 'significant near-term improvements', 'sound financial footing', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'new commercial practices', 'value-creating strategic actions', 'corporate governance code', 'distinguished engineering culture', 'external selection process', 'Mr. Edouard Guinotte', 'Philippe Guillemot biography', 'Mr. Philippe Guillemot', 'Vallourec management team', 'business recovery', 'Executive Committees', 'best practices', 'value-creating strategy', 'Governance Committee', 'governance field', 'new Chairman', 'special committee', 'four-year term', 'break-even point', 'cost reduction', 'operational efficiency', 'applicable regulation', 'Pierre Vareille', 'extensive experience', 'strong ability', 'next chapter', 'selfless dedication', 'two decades', 'July 1st', 'challenging period', 'difficult period', 'highest degree', 'continued success', 'future endeavors', 'renewed needs', 'future customers', 'cash flow', 'contract catering', 'support services', 'strong positions', 'depth work', 'robust organization', 'Covid crisis', 'Areva Transmission', 'T&D', 'automotive suppliers', 'various positions', 'Management Board', 'Elior Group', 'transformation plan', 'March 20th', 'relentless focus', 'personal commitment', 'leading operators', 'Vallourec group', 'Board Member', 'France', 'completion', 'Directors', 'Appointments', 'purpose', 'Alcatel-Lucent', 'Europcar', 'execution', 'volume', 'nomination', 'approval', 'shareholders', 'Information', 'conditions', 'termination', 'functions', 'remuneration', 'accordance', 'recommendations', 'AFEP-MEDEF', 'Vice-Chairman', 'qualities', 'history', 'CEO', 'industry', 'successful', 'June', 'professionalism', 'stakeholders', 'debt', 'gratitude', 'leadership', 'doubt', 'current', 'geographies', 'confidence', 'acceleration', 'profitability', 'commitments', 'world', '5 countries', 'face', 'context', 'integration', 'Nokia', 'Distribution', 'Faurecia', 'Forvia', 'Valeo', 'Michelin', '2023']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1145,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aegon-file-2021-annual-report-174500982.html,Aegon to file its 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F,The Hague  March 21  2022 - Aegon will today file its 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The...,Aegon N.V.The Hague  March 21  2022 - Aegon will today file its 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F will be available on aegon.com and can be downloaded from the SEC website later today.About AegonAegon is an integrated  diversified  international financial services group. The company offers investment  protection  and retirement solutions  with a strategic focus on three core markets (the United States  the United Kingdom  and the Netherlands)  three growth markets (Spain & Portugal  Brazil  and China)  and one global asset manager. Aegon's purpose of Helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a leading global investor and employer  the company seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues  with a focus on climate change and inclusion & diversity. Aegon is headquartered in The Hague  the Netherlands  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com.Contacts Media relations Investor relations Dick Schiethart Jan Willem Weidema+31(0) 70 344 8821 +31(0) 70 344 8028 dick.schiethart@aegon.com janwillem.weidema@aegon.comForward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:Unexpected delays  difficulties  and expenses in executing against our environmental  climate  diversity and inclusion or other “ESG” targets  goals and commitments  and changes in laws or regulations affecting us  such as changes in data privacy  environmental  safety and health laws;Changes in general economic and/or governmental conditions  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Civil unrest  (geo-) political tensions  military action or other instability in a country or geographic region;Changes in the performance of financial markets  including emerging markets  such as with regard to: The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in Aegon’s fixed income investment portfolios; The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities Aegon holds; The effects of declining creditworthiness of certain public sector securities and the resulting decline in the value of government exposure that Aegon holds;Changes in the performance of Aegon’s investment portfolio and decline in ratings of Aegon’s counterparties;Lowering of one or more of Aegon’s debt ratings issued by recognized rating organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on Aegon’s ability to raise capital and on its liquidity and financial condition;Lowering of one or more of insurer financial strength ratings of Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the written premium  policy retention  profitability and liquidity of its insurance subsidiaries;The effect of the European Union’s Solvency II requirements and other regulations in other jurisdictions affecting the capital Aegon is required to maintain;Changes affecting interest rate levels and continuing low or rapidly changing interest rate levels;Changes affecting currency exchange rates  in particular the EUR/USD and EUR/GBP exchange rates;Changes in the availability of  and costs associated with  liquidity sources such as bank and capital markets funding  as well as conditions in the credit markets in general such as changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness;Increasing levels of competition in the United States  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and emerging markets;Catastrophic events  either manmade or by nature  including by way of example acts of God  acts of terrorism  acts of war and pandemics  could result in material losses and significantly interrupt Aegon’s business;The frequency and severity of insured loss events;Changes affecting longevity  mortality  morbidity  persistence and other factors that may impact the profitability of Aegon’s insurance products;Aegon’s projected results are highly sensitive to complex mathematical models of financial markets  mortality  longevity  and other dynamic systems subject to shocks and unpredictable volatility. Should assumptions to these models later prove incorrect  or should errors in those models escape the controls in place to detect them  future performance will vary from projected results;Reinsurers to whom Aegon has ceded significant underwriting risks may fail to meet their obligations;Changes in customer behavior and public opinion in general related to  among other things  the type of products Aegon sells  including legal  regulatory or commercial necessity to meet changing customer expectations;Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution channels;As Aegon’s operations support complex transactions and are highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology  operational risks such as system disruptions or failures  security or data privacy breaches  cyberattacks  human error  failure to safeguard personally identifiable information  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including with respect to third parties with which we do business may disrupt Aegon’s business  damage its reputation and adversely affect its results of operations  financial condition and cash flows;The impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  product withdrawals and other unusual items  including Aegon’s ability to integrate acquisitions and to obtain the anticipated results and synergies from acquisitions;Aegon’s failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational efficiencies  as well as other management initiatives related to cost savings  Cash Capital at Holding  gross financial leverage and free cash flow;Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments;Litigation or regulatory action that could require Aegon to pay significant damages or change the way Aegon does business;Competitive  legal  regulatory  or tax changes that affect profitability  the distribution cost of or demand for Aegon’s products;Consequences of an actual or potential break-up of the European monetary union in whole or in part  or the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union and potential consequences if other European Union countries leave the European Union;Changes in laws and regulations  particularly those affecting Aegon’s operations’ ability to hire and retain key personnel  taxation of Aegon companies  the products Aegon sells  and the attractiveness of certain products to its consumers;Regulatory changes relating to the pensions  investment  and insurance industries in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates;Standard setting initiatives of supranational standard setting bodies such as the Financial Stability Board and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors or changes to such standards that may have an impact on regional (such as EU)  national or US federal or state level financial regulation or the application thereof to Aegon  including the designation of Aegon by the Financial Stability Board as a Global Systemically Important Insurer (G-SII); andChanges in accounting regulations and policies or a change by Aegon in applying such regulations and policies  voluntarily or otherwise  which may affect Aegon’s reported results  shareholders’ equity or regulatory capital adequacy levels.Story continuesFurther details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are described in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.07,0.25,0.68,True,English,"['2021 Annual Report', 'Aegon', 'Form', 'US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'integrated, diversified, international financial services group', 'Media relations Investor relations Dick Schiethart', 'one global asset manager', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'fixed income investment portfolios', 'insurer financial strength ratings', 'leading global investor', 'public sector securities', 'Jan Willem Weidema', 'recognized rating organizations', 'Solvency II requirements', 'currency exchange rates', 'EUR/GBP exchange rates', 'interest rate levels', 'three core markets', 'three growth markets', 'United States Securities', 'other “ESG” targets', 'capital markets funding', 'The 2021 Annual Report', 'Aegon N.V.', 'environmental, climate, diversity', 'debt securities', 'financial markets', 'Exchange Commission', 'financial prospects', 'financial condition', 'Increasing levels', 'climate change', 'social targets', 'emerging markets', 'credit markets', 'The Hague', 'debt ratings', 'other events', 'other instability', 'other jurisdictions', 'United Kingdom', 'Form 20-F', 'retirement solutions', 'best lives', 'positive impact', 'societal issues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'future events', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'Unexpected delays', 'data privacy', 'general economic', 'Civil unrest', 'geographic region', 'corporate bankruptcies', 'accounting restatements', 'government exposure', 'adverse impact', 'insurance subsidiaries', 'policy retention', 'European Union', 'critical environmental', 'other regulations', 'economic conditions', 'governmental conditions', 'resulting decline', 'Forward-looking statements', 'SEC website', 'strategic focus', 'More information', 'various risks', 'Such risks', 'health laws', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'future performance', 'military action', 'liquidity sources', 'aegon.com', 'capital Aegon', 'company expectations', 'March', 'protection', 'Netherlands', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'Brazil', 'China', 'purpose', 'people', 'activities', 'employer', 'inclusion', 'Contacts', 'document', 'words', 'project', 'plan', 'goal', 'trends', 'uncertainties', 'addition', 'sustainability', 'commitments', 'efforts', 'circumstances', 'guarantees', 'assumptions', 'obligation', 'duty', 'Readers', 'time', 'writing', 'changes', 'difficulties', 'expenses', 'safety', 'country', 'regard', 'frequency', 'severity', 'defaults', 'issuers', 'effects', 'value', 'equity', 'declining', 'counterparties', 'Lowering', 'premium', 'profitability', 'EUR/USD', 'availability', 'costs', 'borrower', 'competition']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1146,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/euroclear-joins-bank-backed-blockchain-payment-system-941116,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system,By Huw Jones LONDON (Reuters) -   Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of established institutions teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.,Belgium-headquartered Euroclear said it had bought a small stake in the three-year old consortium Fnality as it moves deeper into distributed ledger technology (DLT) or blockchain  the technology which underpins cryptoassets like bitcoin.Euroclear which settles stock and bond trades  the final leg of a transaction where cash is swapped for legal ownership of an asset  said the aim was to settle tokenised assets  or digital securities  against digital cash on DLT in a faster and more efficient way.Fnality  whose founding shareholders include more than a dozen global banks  said Euroclear’s involvement would expand the consortium’s footprint in market infrastructure  the financial system’s basic plumbing  as it moves from testing to implementing its plan this year.“This has obvious positive implications for the execution of our business ” Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram said in a statement.Fnality aims to replace some of the cumbersome processes and paperwork involved in transferring value between financial organisations by using digital versions of currencies.The Bank of England gave the green light last year to a new type of account at the central bank to cater for a wider range of anticipated payments systems  including those based on blockchain.Fnality submitted an application to the BoE to become an operator of such an account and is due to go live with its pound sterling payment system in October.Euroclear  which settled the equivalent of 992 trillion euros ($1 095 trillion) in securities last year  is owned by a group of banks and exchanges  including Euronext and the London Stock Exchange Group.Fnality’s founding shareholders include Banco Santander  BNY Mellon  Barclays  CIBC  Commerzbank  Credit Suisse  ING  KBC Group  Lloyds Banking Group  Mizuho Bank  MUFG Bank  Nasdaq  State Street Corporation  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and UBS.($1 = 0.9062 euros)(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Edmund Blair),neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.52,0.36,0.11,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram', 'pound sterling payment system', 'Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation', 'a dozen global banks', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'State Street Corporation', 'obvious positive implications', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'three-year old consortium', 'distributed ledger technology', 'financial system', 'KBC Group', 'small stake', 'bond trades', 'final leg', 'legal ownership', 'tokenised assets', 'efficient way', 'founding shareholders', 'market infrastructure', 'basic plumbing', 'cumbersome processes', 'financial organisations', 'digital versions', 'The Bank', 'green light', 'new type', 'central bank', 'wider range', 'payments systems', 'Banco Santander', 'BNY Mellon', 'Credit Suisse', 'Mizuho Bank', 'MUFG Bank', 'Huw Jones', 'Edmund Blair', 'digital securities', 'digital cash', '992 trillion euros', 'Belgium-headquartered Euroclear', '0.9062 euros', 'DLT', 'blockchain', 'cryptoassets', 'bitcoin', 'transaction', 'aim', 'involvement', 'footprint', 'testing', 'plan', 'execution', 'business', 'statement', 'paperwork', 'value', 'currencies', 'England', 'account', 'application', 'BoE', 'operator', 'October', 'equivalent', 'exchanges', 'Euronext', 'Barclays', 'CIBC', 'Commerzbank', 'Nasdaq', 'UBS', 'Editing']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,fxempire.com
1147,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/farming/news/farming-news/south-europe-fears-livestock-culls-as-ukraine-conflict-prompts-feed-shortage-41469683.html,South Europe fears livestock culls as Ukraine conflict prompts feed shortage,Carlo Vittorio Ferrari  who runs a farm holding 2 000 pigs with his brother near the town of Cremona in northern Italy  fears his fourth generation family business could be lost due to conflict in Ukraine.,"Cows stick their heads out of a pen to eat feed at the Cirio Agricola farm  as the conflict in Ukraine is having big repercussions on the agricultural raw materials market  hitting Italy's livestock sector heavily dependent on imports from foreign countries  in Piana di Monte Verna  Italy  March 16  2022. REUTERS/Guglielmo MangiapaneCarlo Vittorio Ferrari  who runs a farm holding 2 000 pigs with his brother near the town of Cremona in northern Italy  fears his fourth generation family business could be lost due to conflict in Ukraine.The country is a major global supplier of animal feed  stocks of which are falling fast across import-reliant southern Europe.With Hungary  Serbia and Moldova also banning exports as they safeguard their own supplies  costs for farms like Ferrari's have spiked  threatening their future. Many face culling animals if the situation doesn't improve quickly.""This is a family business. My grandfather kept it going during two wars  my dad saw one  but I don't know if we'll get through this one "" Ferrari said.Italy has called for EU rules limiting state aid to the sector to be waived  while Spain has taken steps to allow emergency purchases of corn from Argentina and Brazil.""I hear growing reports of farmers slaughtering their animals  but I want to avoid that "" said Elisabetta Quaini  who keeps 1 300 cows for beef and milk production on her farm in Lombardy  northern Italy. ""I'm determined to keep going  but I am very worried.""""It's not just corn  it's also soya and numerous by-products that are hard to find. There is a tremendous fight to get hold of what is available.""Michele Liverini  vice-president of livestock feed producer Mangimi Liverini S.p.A.  said if dairy cows were slaughtered it would take seven to eight years to build up a barn to produce milk again.Ukraine is among the world's top four corn exporters  and the closure of its ports due to the conflict has had a major impact on shipments.""The problem is that we now have a perfect storm. When the Ukrainian exports stopped  countries like Moldova  Serbia and Hungary tried to stop exporting as a protectionist step and we found ourselves with a big problem in our ports "" Liverini said.""In Italian ports  where ships from these countries arrive every week  there is only a 25-day supply left.""LARGE HERDSSpain has the largest livestock herd in the European Union with about 58.8 million head  according the EU data for 2021 covering pigs  cows  sheep and goats. Italy has the fourth largest with about 22.5 million head.The two countries produce a wide array of internationally renowned farm products  including Mozzarella di Bufala and Prosciutto di Parma in Italy and Jamon Iberico in Spain.Pietro Fusco  chief executive of Cirio Agricola  a milk producer with two farms based near Benevento  southern Italy  said the sector was already stressed after struggling for two years through the COVID-19 pandemic.He said they were considering giving the herd less feed as a first step  but may eventually be forced to slaughter some of the animals to keep the farm going and protect jobs and families.""There is also a problem with transport and therefore the impossibility of having supplies on time "" he said.Maize  or corn  futures on Paris-based Euronext rose to a record 420 euros a tonne earlier this month  up about 50% since Russia's invasion of Ukraine.Feed stocks have also become depleted in Spain  a major customer of Ukraine.Agustin de Prada  manager of Spain's ranchers association Asoprovac in Castile and Leon  said the rise in costs had been brutal and raised questions about the viability of farms.""When I sell the animals  will I put new ones in? Well  maybe not  because I can't  the maths doesn't work out.""Producers argue that for them to survive  consumers must pay higher prices for products like meat  milk and eggs  further fuelling food inflation  which has become a major problem across the globe since the COVID-19 pandemic began.Emilio Rial  director of the Coren group  a huge farmers' cooperative in Spain  said the cost of basic food production had jumped 40%.""We will try not to pass it all on to the consumer by negotiating with the big supermarkets  but prices will inevitably rise "" he said. (Additional reporting by Emma Pinedo and Belen Carreno in Madrid; Writing by Nigel Hunt; Editing by Veronica Brown and Jan Harvey)",negative,0.04,0.25,0.72,negative,0.01,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['South Europe', 'livestock culls', 'Ukraine conflict', 'feed shortage', 'Mangimi Liverini S.p.A.', 'agricultural raw materials market', 'seven to eight years', 'fourth generation family business', 'top four corn exporters', 'Agustin de Prada', 'import-reliant southern Europe', 'major global supplier', ""huge farmers' cooperative"", 'basic food production', 'Carlo Vittorio Ferrari', 'largest livestock herd', 'livestock feed producer', 'Cirio Agricola farm', 'two years', 'Michele Liverini', 'food inflation', 'major impact', 'major customer', 'big repercussions', 'livestock sector', 'Piana di', 'Monte Verna', 'Guglielmo Mangiapane', 'animal feed', 'two wars', 'EU rules', 'state aid', 'emergency purchases', 'growing reports', 'Elisabetta Quaini', 'milk production', 'numerous by', 'tremendous fight', 'perfect storm', 'protectionist step', '25-day supply', 'LARGE HERDS', 'European Union', '58.8 million head', 'EU data', '22.5 million head', 'wide array', 'Mozzarella di', 'Prosciutto di', 'Jamon Iberico', 'Pietro Fusco', 'chief executive', 'milk producer', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'less feed', 'first step', 'Paris-based Euronext', 'record 420 euros', 'ranchers association', 'Emilio Rial', 'Coren group', 'big supermarkets', 'Additional reporting', 'Emma Pinedo', 'Belen Carreno', 'Nigel Hunt', 'Veronica Brown', 'Jan Harvey', 'southern Italy', 'major problem', 'foreign countries', 'Ukrainian exports', 'big problem', 'two countries', 'Feed stocks', 'higher prices', 'northern Italy', 'Italian ports', 'two farms', 'dairy cows', 'farm products', '1,300 cows', 'heads', 'pen', 'conflict', 'Ukraine', 'imports', 'REUTERS', '2,000 pigs', 'brother', 'town', 'Cremona', 'country', 'Hungary', 'Serbia', 'Moldova', 'supplies', 'costs', 'future', 'Many', 'culling', 'animals', 'situation', 'grandfather', 'dad', 'Spain', 'steps', 'Argentina', 'Brazil', 'beef', 'Lombardy', 'soya', 'hold', 'vice-president', 'barn', 'world', 'closure', 'shipments', 'ships', 'sheep', 'goats', 'internationally', 'Bufala', 'Parma', 'Benevento', 'jobs', 'families', 'transport', 'impossibility', 'time', 'Maize', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'manager', 'Asoprovac', 'Castile', 'Leon', 'rise', 'questions', 'viability', 'new', 'maths', 'Producers', 'consumers', 'meat', 'eggs', 'globe', 'director', 'Madrid', 'Writing', 'Editing']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,independent.ie
1148,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/defi-technologies-announces-creation-of-a-special-purpose-vehicle-to-support-distribution-of-digital-asset-backed-product-program-to-institutional-investors-301506467.html,DeFi Technologies Announces Creation of a Special Purpose Vehicle to Support Distribution of Digital Asset Backed Product Program to Institutional Investors,"DeFi Technologies wholly owned subsidiary  Valour  to utilize a special purpose vehicle (""SPV"") to support distribution of digital asset backed product program The SPV will enable Valour to distribute digital asset backed products to institutional clients  ad…","DeFi Technologies wholly owned subsidiary  Valour  to utilize a special purpose vehicle ("" SPV "") to support distribution of digital asset backed product program"") to support distribution of digital asset backed product program The SPV will enable Valour to distribute digital asset backed products to institutional clients  additional exchanges and to offer a broader range of products across Europe .TORONTO  March 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ - DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF)  a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralized finance  announced today that Valour Inc. (""Valour"")  its wholly owned subsidiary and a pioneer in digital asset Exchange Traded Products (""ETPs"")  has created a SPV to support distribution of an asset backed product program.The SPV will enable Valour to distribute digital asset backed products to institutional clients  to additional exchanges and to offer a broader range of products across Europe.""We have now entered into the agreements to start the process and work on our new issuance program. With this  Valour will be able to access institutional clients  several of the most important exchanges and also offer a broader product range all across Europe "" said Tommy Fransson  CEO of Valour. ""We are happy to have engaged with the right counter parties to support our mission to become the leading provider of digital assets through exchange traded products.""Valour offers fully hedged digital asset ETPs with low to zero management fees  with product listings across four European exchanges. Valour's existing product range includes Valour Uniswap ( UNI )  Cardano ( ADA )  Polkadot ( DOT )  Solana ( SOL )  Avalanche ( AVAX )  and Terra ( LUNA ) ETPs  as well as Valour's flagship Bitcoin Zero and Valour Ethereum Zero products  the first fully hedged  passive investment product with Bitcoin ( BTC ) and Ethereum ( ETH ) as underlyings which are completely fee-free  with competitors still charging up to 2.5% in management fees.Learn more about DeFi Technologies and Valour at defi.tech and valour.com .About DeFi TechnologiesDeFi Technologies Inc. is a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralized finance. Our mission is to expand investor access to industry-leading decentralized technologies which we believe lie at the heart of the future of finance. On behalf of our shareholders and investors  we identify opportunities and areas of innovation  and build and invest in new technologies and ventures in order to provide trusted  diversified exposure across the decentralized finance ecosystem. For more information or to subscribe to receive company updates and financial information  visit https://defi.tech/About ValourValour Inc. issues exchange-listed financial products that enable retail and institutional investors to access investment in disruptive innovations  such as digital assets  in a simple and secure way. Established in 2019 and based in Zug  Switzerland  Valour is a wholly owned subsidiary of DeFi Technologies Inc. (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJ.F) (OTC: DEFTF). For more information on Valour  visit https://valour.comCautionary note regarding forward-looking information:This press release contains ""forward-looking information"" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. Forward-looking information includes  but is not limited to the development of the SPV; investor interest in Valour's ETPs; geographic expansion and additional listings of Valour's ETP offerings; the regulatory environment with respect to the growth and adoption of decentralized finance; the pursuit by DeFi Technologies and its subsidiaries of business opportunities; and the merits or potential returns of any such opportunities. Generally  forward-looking information can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ""plans""  ""expects"" or ""does not expect""  ""is expected""  ""budget""  ""scheduled""  ""estimates""  ""forecasts""  ""intends""  ""anticipates"" or ""does not anticipate""  or ""believes""  or variations of such words and phrases or state that certain actions  events or results ""may""  ""could""  ""would""  ""might"" or ""will be taken""  ""occur"" or ""be achieved"". Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results  level of activity  performance or achievements of the Company  as the case may be  to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Such risks  uncertainties and other factors include  but is not limited to success of the SPV; the acceptance of Valour ETPs by exchanges  including the NGM  Frankfurt and Euronext; investor demand for DeFi Technologies' and Valour's products; growth and development of DeFi and cryptocurrency sector; rules and regulations with respect to DeFi and cryptocurrency; general business  economic  competitive  political and social uncertainties. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking information  there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated  estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such information will prove to be accurate  as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly  readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information  except in accordance with applicable securities laws.THE NEO STOCK EXCHANGE DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS RELEASESOURCE DeFi Technologies  Inc.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.26,0.22,0.53,True,English,"['Digital Asset Backed Product Program', 'Special Purpose Vehicle', 'DeFi Technologies', 'Institutional Investors', 'Creation', 'Distribution', 'digital asset Exchange Traded Products', 'low to zero management fees', 'digital asset backed product program', 'applicable Canadian securities legislation', 'digital asset backed products', 'Valour Ethereum Zero products', 'new issuance program', 'digital asset ETPs', 'existing product range', 'special purpose vehicle', 'traditional capital markets', 'right counter parties', 'trusted, diversified exposure', 'passive investment product', 'broader product range', 'exchange-listed financial products', 'four European exchanges', 'industry-leading decentralized technologies', 'decentralized finance ecosystem', 'DeFi Technologies Inc.', 'digital assets', 'product listings', 'Bitcoin Zero', 'new technologies', 'broader range', 'financial information', 'institutional clients', 'additional exchanges', 'important exchanges', 'Tommy Fransson', 'leading provider', 'investor access', 'disruptive innovations', 'secure way', 'Cautionary note', 'press release', 'investor interest', 'geographic expansion', 'additional listings', 'ETP offerings', 'regulatory environment', 'potential returns', 'forward-looking terminology', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'Such risks', 'investor demand', 'important fac', 'Valour Inc.', 'looking information', 'technology company', 'company updates', 'institutional investors', 'actual results', 'cryptocurrency sector', 'defi.tech', 'The SPV', 'business opportunities', 'social uncertainties', 'Valour Uniswap', 'Valour ETPs', 'subsidiary', 'distribution', 'TORONTO', 'PRNewswire', 'RMJR', 'OTC', 'DEFTF', 'gap', 'pioneer', 'agreements', 'process', 'CEO', 'mission', 'Cardano', 'ADA', 'Polkadot', 'Solana', 'Avalanche', 'AVAX', 'Terra', 'LUNA', 'flagship', 'BTC', 'underlyings', 'competitors', 'heart', 'future', 'behalf', 'shareholders', 'areas', 'ventures', 'order', 'retail', 'simple', 'Zug', 'Switzerland', 'RMJ.', 'meaning', 'development', 'respect', 'growth', 'adoption', 'pursuit', 'subsidiaries', 'merits', 'use', 'plans', 'forecasts', 'variations', 'words', 'phrases', 'actions', 'events', 'level', 'activity', 'performance', 'achievements', 'case', 'success', 'acceptance', 'NGM', 'Frankfurt', 'Euronext', 'rules', 'regulations', 'political']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,prnewswire.com
1150,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.dutchnews.nl/news/businesswire/onward-confirms-cash-runway-through-end-of-2024/,ONWARD Confirms Cash Runway through End of 2024 ...,1 day ago,Strong cash position offsets impact of industry-wide supply chain challengesEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland–(BUSINESS WIRE)–THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (596/2014).ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today announces its current cash balance is expected to fuel operations through the end of 2024. The company’s strong cash position will mitigate the impact of industry-wide supply chain challenges that may affect certain development programs.Global microprocessor shortages and the scarcity of other components are expected to impact development and commercialization timing for both of the company’s technology platforms. Assuming normal regulatory authorization windows  the company now expects its ARCEX platform to be ready for commercialization in 2H 2023. It expects its ARCIM platform to be ready for commercialization in 2H 2025.“Many companies and industries have been affected by supply chain challenges. To limit our downside  we have worked with determination to source critical components and assure continuity of supply in order to fulfill our mission to help people with spinal cord injury live better lives ” said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD. “We have a strong balance sheet  with cash to propel operations through the end of 2024  and we will look for opportunities to further strengthen our cash position as equity capital markets improve in the US and across the globe.”To learn more about ONWARD’s ARC Therapy and the company’s vision to restore movement  independence and health in people with spinal cord injury  please visit ONWD.com.About ONWARDONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury. ONWARD’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD’s ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by implantable (ARCIM) or external (ARCEX) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed stimulation of the spinal cord to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life. ONWARD has received three Breakthrough Device Designations from the FDA encompassing both ARCIM and ARCEX. The company’s first FDA pivotal trial  called Up-LIFT  completed enrollment in December 2021 with 65 subjects worldwide.ONWARD is headquartered at the High Tech Campus in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains an office in Lausanne  Switzerland and has a growing U.S. presence in Boston  Massachusetts  USA. For additional information about the company  please visit ONWD.com. To access our 2022 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com.DisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.ContactsFor Media Enquiries:Simon Gentry+44 (0)20 3757 6772media@onwd.comFor Investor Enquiries:investors@onwd.comFor Company Enquiries:ONWARD – info@onwd.com,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,negative,0.04,0.22,0.74,True,English,"['Cash Runway', 'ONWARD', 'End', '2024', 'industry-wide supply chain challenges EINDHOVEN', 'EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'normal regulatory authorization windows', 'three Breakthrough Device Designations', 'growing U.S. presence', 'first FDA pivotal trial', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'Global microprocessor shortages', 'strong balance sheet', 'equity capital markets', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'targeted, programmed stimulation', 'High Tech Campus', 'spinal cord injury', 'Strong cash position', 'external (ARCEX) systems', 'current cash balance', 'THIS PRESS RELEASE', 'medical technology company', 'technology platforms', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'innovative therapies', 'other components', 'ARCEX platform', 'Many companies', 'critical components', 'Dave Marver', 'ARC Therapy', 'a decade', 'basic science', 'preclinical research', 'other functions', 'additional information', '2022 Financial Calendar', 'current expectations', 'financial effects', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'actual occurrence', 'undue reliance', 'Media Enquiries', 'Simon Gentry', 'Investor Enquiries', 'forward-looking statements', 'future accuracy', 'ARCIM platform', 'actual results', 'past trends', 'Company Enquiries', 'actual events', 'development programs', 'commercialization timing', 'future events', 'impact', 'Netherlands', 'LAUSANNE', 'Switzerland', 'MEANING', 'ARTICLE', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'movement', 'independence', 'health', 'people', 'operations', 'scarcity', '2H', 'industries', 'downside', 'determination', 'continuity', 'order', 'mission', 'lives', 'CEO', 'opportunities', 'globe', 'vision', 'work', 'world', 'quality', 'life', 'enrollment', 'December', '65 subjects', 'office', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'update', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'advisers', 'representatives', 'person', 'employees', 'errors', 'responsibility', 'developments', 'Contacts', '44']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,dutchnews.nl
1151,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220321005712/en/MaaT-Pharma-Announces-the-Implementation-of-a-Liquidity-Contract-with-Kepler-Cheuvreux,MaaT Pharma Announces the Implementation of a Liquidity Contract with Kepler Cheuvreux,1 day ago,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT - the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of microbiome-based ecosystem therapies dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  announced today the implementation of a liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux to enhance the liquidity of the MaaT Pharma shares admitted to trading on Euronext Paris.The implementation of this liquidity agreement  pursuant to the authorization granted by the resolution of the General Meeting  will be carried out in accordance with the legal framework in force  and more particularly to the provisions of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 16  2014 on market abuse (MAR)  Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/908 of February 26  2016 supplementing Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regulatory technical standards on the criteria  procedure and requirements for the establishment of an admitted market practice and the requirements for maintaining  discontinuing or modifying its conditions of admission  Articles L. 225-209 et seq. of the French Commercial Code and AMF decision no. 2021-01 of June 22  2021  applicable as of July 1  2021.The following resources will be allocated to the liquidity account:- 200 000 eurosThe execution of the liquidity contract could be suspended under the conditions set out in Article 5 of AMF Decision 2021-01 of 22 June 2021.The liquidity contract will be implemented as of March 22  2022  and may be terminated:- at any time by MaaT Pharma without notice- at any time by Kepler Cheuvreux  subject to thirty (30) calendar days' notice- without notice and without formality if the shares are transferred to another stock marketAbout MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and Graft-versus-Host Disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has already achieved proof of concept in a Phase 2 clinical trial in acute GvHD. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions.The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice.MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.07,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', 'Liquidity Contract', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Implementation', 'allogeneic stem cell transplantation', ""thirty (30) calendar days' notice"", 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'French Commercial Code', 'Phase 2 clinical trial', 'standardized cGMP manufacturing', 'quality control process', 'microbiome-based ecosystem therapies', 'regulatory technical standards', 'novel disease targets', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies', 'MaaT Pharma shares', 'clinical practice', 'microbiome therapies', 'Regulatory News', 'Graft-versus-Host Disease', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'survival outcomes', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'General Meeting', 'legal framework', 'European Parliament', 'market abuse', 'market practice', 'Articles L.', 'AMF decision', 'following resources', 'stock market', 'complete approach', 'patient-microbiome symbiosis', 'serious complication', 'powerful discovery', 'analysis platform', 'drug candidates', 'full diversity', 'oral formulations', 'world-leading scientists', 'liquidity agreement', 'liquidity account', 'liquidity contract', 'Euronext Paris', 'acute GvHD', 'microbiome-related conditions', 'LYON', 'France', 'pioneer', 'development', 'patients', 'cancer', 'implementation', 'authorization', 'resolution', 'accordance', 'force', 'provisions', 'No.', 'Council', 'April', 'February', 'criteria', 'procedure', 'requirements', 'establishment', 'admitted', 'admission', 'June', 'July', '200,000 euros', 'execution', 'March', 'time', 'formality', 'oncology', 'proof', 'concept', 'gutPrint®', 'expansion', 'pipeline', 'biomarkers', 'commitment', 'relationships', 'regulators', 'integration', 'ticker']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,businesswire.com
1152,EuroNext,Google API,https://quoteddata.com/2022/03/greencoat-renewables-money-fund-attractive-nearterm-opportunities/,Greencoat Renewables looking for more money to fund attractive near-term opportunities,1 day ago,Greencoat Renewables looking for more money to fund attractive near-term opportunities – Greencoat Renewables (GRP) has announced a proposed placing by way of a non-pre-emptive issue at a Placing Price of €1.12  under its existing 400 million share issuance programme launched on 4 October 2021.The placing price represents a discount of 6.7% to the closing price per ordinary share of €1.20 on Euronext Dublin on 18 March 2022 and represents a premium of 6.6% to the last reported NAV of 105.1 cent per ordinary share as at 31 December 2021.GRP has multiple attractive near-term investment opportunities under consideration in Ireland and continental European markets  with c.380MW currently under exclusivity across a mix of operating and forward sale opportunities located in Sweden  France  Spain  and a new Northern Europe market.Proceeds from the placing will provide GRP with the flexibility to execute on assets under exclusivity and meet obligations under committed forward sale investments  all while maintaining gearing (currently 43%) within the trust’s target range of 40-60%.Ronan Murphy  Non-Executive Chairman of Greencoat Renewables  said: “We are pleased to announce a second equity issuance under our existing Share Issuance Programme launched in October 2021  reflecting the strength of our pipeline and continued confidence in our ability to deliver value-accretive growth for shareholders.“The growth and strategic diversification we have achieved in the business reflects our market-leading position in the Irish market and our strong relationships and expanding footprint across continental Europe. Since the launch of the current Share Issuance Programme  we have acquired our first asset in Sweden and agreed our first forward-sale transaction in Spain.”Irish and European Market BackgroundIreland remains an attractive location for investment in wind assets  with a reliable wind resource and robust regulatory regime  underpinned by REFIT 2 and its replacement  RESS  which held its first auction in 2020. The estimated renewable capacity for onshore wind in Ireland is expected to increase from 4.5GW in 2020 to 8.2GW in 2030.The company has invested around €360m in Irish assets during 2021 and early 2022  increasing its Irish portfolio size by 33% (including forward sales) since 31 December 2020. Greencoat Renewables is the largest asset owner  with 16% market share  of Irish operating wind assets.GRP continues to see strong investment opportunities across continental Europe through strong relationships with asset owners  developers and advisors with a target market of c.250GW across the Relevant Countries. The company has continued its geographic diversification  having now entered five European countries  demonstrating the Company’s ability to scale into Europe.The company executed transactions in Sweden  Finland and Spain in 2021 with the acquisition of Erstark South in Sweden in Q4 2021 and two forward sale commitments to acquire Kokkoneva in Finland (completion expected in Q2 2022) and Torrubia in Spain (completion expected in Q4 2022).Power Prices and NAVGRP has seen wind generation broadly on budget for the Q1 period to date. In addition  the company has continued to see captured power prices in Ireland above the current REFIT pricing. GRP expects the impact of these higher captured power prices so far in Q1 2022 could contribute  as a standalone assumption  to a Q1 2022 NAV increase of 2c to 3c. However  captured power prices remains one of several assumptions  including forward power prices and inflation expectations  that feed into the Q1 2022 NAV.As a result  the final outcome on the Q1 2022 NAV would be dependent on a range of those other assumptions  that will be updated when the Q1 2022 NAV will be released to market on 29 April 2022.Use of proceedsProceeds from the placing are expected to be used to partly pay down the Revolving Credit Facility  which is currently drawn by €75.7m  provide the company with the flexibility to execute on assets under exclusivity and to meet its obligations under committed forward sale investments  all while maintaining gearing (currently 43%) within the company’s target range of 40-60%.Details of the placingThe placing is being conducted  subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions through a non-pre-emptive institutional placing.The company will apply to Euronext Dublin and to the London Stock Exchange for the shares to be admitted to trading on Euronext Growth and AIM respectively. It is expected that settlement will occur  admission will become effective and that dealings will commence at 8am on 5 April 2022.GRP : Greencoat Renewables looking for more money to fund attractive near-term opportunitiesprevious story | next story,positive,0.65,0.32,0.03,neutral,0.06,0.88,0.06,True,English,"['attractive near-term opportunities', 'Greencoat Renewables', 'money', 'existing 400 million share issuance programme', 'multiple attractive near-term investment opportunities', 'existing Share Issuance Programme', 'current Share Issuance Programme', 'two forward sale commitments', 'new Northern Europe market', 'attractive near-term opportunities', 'second equity issuance', 'forward sale opportunities', 'Irish operating wind assets', 'forward sale investments', 'robust regulatory regime', 'Revolving Credit Facility', 'London Stock Exchange', 'strong investment opportunities', 'reliable wind resource', 'five European countries', 'current REFIT pricing', 'Irish portfolio size', 'continental European markets', 'first forward-sale transaction', 'European Market Background', 'largest asset owner', 'forward power prices', 'emptive institutional placing', 'Q1 2022 NAV increase', '16% market share', 'attractive location', 'ordinary share', 'forward sales', 'Irish market', 'first asset', 'onshore wind', 'wind generation', 'emptive issue', 'Relevant Countries', 'Irish assets', 'strong relationships', 'first auction', 'asset owners', 'target market', 'Greencoat Renewables', 'closing price', 'Euronext Dublin', 'c.380MW', 'Ronan Murphy', 'Non-Executive Chairman', 'strategic diversification', 'market-leading position', 'renewable capacity', 'geographic diversification', 'Erstark South', 'Q1 period', 'standalone assumption', 'several assumptions', 'inflation expectations', 'final outcome', 'other assumptions', 'previous story', 'next story', 'target range', 'value-accretive growth', 'Euronext Growth', 'Placing Price', 'money', 'GRP', 'way', '4 October', 'discount', '18 March', 'premium', 'last', '105.1 cent', '31 December', 'consideration', 'Ireland', 'exclusivity', 'mix', 'Sweden', 'France', 'Spain', 'Proceeds', 'flexibility', 'obligations', 'trust', 'strength', 'pipeline', 'confidence', 'ability', 'shareholders', 'business', 'expanding', 'footprint', 'launch', 'replacement', 'RESS', '4.5GW', '2GW', 'company', 'early', 'developers', 'advisors', '250GW', 'transactions', 'Finland', 'acquisition', 'Q4', 'Kokkoneva', 'completion', 'Q2', 'Torrubia', 'budget', 'date', 'addition', 'impact', 'higher', '2c', '3c', 'result', '29 April', 'Use', 'Details', 'satisfaction', 'conditions', 'shares', 'AIM', 'settlement', 'admission', 'dealings', '8am', '5 April', '2021']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,quoteddata.com
1174,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/russia-sends-66-million-coupon-091316562.html,Russia’s $66 Million Coupon Moves a Step Closer to Bondholders,(Bloomberg) -- Foreign holders of Russia’s sovereign bond maturing in 2029 are watching as the latest debt payment from the sanctioned nation draws closer to...,(Bloomberg) -- Foreign holders of Russia’s sovereign bond maturing in 2029 are watching as the latest debt payment from the sanctioned nation draws closer to completion.Most Read from BloombergThe $66 million coupon due March 21 was processed Tuesday by Russia’s National Settlement Depository  it said in a statement. Earlier in the day  the Finance Ministry said it had transferred the cash to the NSD  thus meeting its obligations “in full.” Four bondholders in Europe said they hadn’t received the payment as of 3.40 p.m. in London.From this point  the cash would typically journey to custodian banks  which hold assets for safekeeping  then to bondholders’ accounts. But given the sweeping sanctions in place against Russia following President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine  concerns will remain until the money actually lands in investors’ accounts.Billions of dollars of Russian government and company debt have been put in question after as much as two thirds of the country’s foreign currency reserves were frozen  as well as the overseas assets of numerous billionaires. Russia has at least $400 million of interest payments coming due over the next 10 weeks  as well as a $2 billion bond it must repay next month  data compiled by Bloomberg show. Last week  the government paid $117 million in coupon payments.“Using up their very finite foreign-currency reserves could be a good long term investment -- but that thinking clearly hasn’t been applied to the management of their reputation anywhere else ” said Gordon Shannon  a portfolio manager at TwentyFour Asset Management.Financial PlumbingUnlike the terms of the bonds with coupon payments last week  the March 2029 prospectus has a ruble-fallback option  which allows Russia to make the transfer in its local currency. That’s raised questions about the ultimate denomination of the payment and prompted investors to track it from the start.Story continuesREAD MORE: Inside Russia’s 96-Hour Cliffhanger to Sidestep Bond DefaultRussia sent the cash to JPMorgan Chase & Co.  which processed the payment after getting approvals from the U.S. Treasury Department  according to a person familiar with the matter  confirming a Reuters report earlier. Unlike the payment of the previous week  this bond’s prospectus states that the coupon settlement would be done through Russia’s central securities depository and Euroclear  one of the world’s biggest clearing houses. JPMorgan declined to comment earlier.It’s not a process investors typically follow. The back-office moves took center stage after sanctions and capital controls were imposed on Russia  and investors braced for a default. For now  the process is working  and not just for the sovereign.Credit Bank of Moscow  a lender the Russian central bank has designated systemically important  said it fulfilled an obligation to make a $9.7 million coupon payment on its $500 million September 2026 bond. Two bondholders  who declined to be named as they aren’t authorized to speak publicly about the matter  said they had received payment.Online lender Tinkoff Bank also paid its debt interest on time on its perpetual dollar-denominated notes. Multiple bondholders confirmed they had received a $6.94 million coupon due March 15  and a $9 million coupon due March 20.Corporates and the sovereign have shown willingness to meet their financial obligations -- a relief to investors who thought they wouldn’t see their cash after a presidential decree earlier in the month said some investors could be paid in rubles.The government is “paying because they have significant western assets that creditors would lay a claim on if they go to bankruptcy ” said Phillip Torres  a senior portfolio manager of emerging market debt at Aegon Asset Management in Chicago. “They are going to pay as long as they are able to. There is a real cost in going to bankruptcy that they would want to avoid.”(Updates with details throughout)Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek©2022 Bloomberg L.P.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.1,0.16,0.73,True,English,"['$66 Million Coupon', 'Russia', 'Step', 'Bondholders', 'good long term investment', 'U.S. Treasury Department', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'finite foreign-currency reserves', 'central securities depository', 'biggest clearing houses', 'perpetual dollar-denominated notes', 'National Settlement Depository', 'emerging market debt', 'TwentyFour Asset Management', 'Aegon Asset Management', 'foreign currency reserves', 'significant western assets', 'senior portfolio manager', 'Russian central bank', '2022 Bloomberg L.P.', '$500 million September 2026 bond', 'Sidestep Bond Default', 'latest debt payment', '$9.7 million coupon payment', 'coupon settlement', '$66 million coupon', '$6.94 million coupon', '$9 million coupon', 'Foreign holders', 'company debt', 'local currency', 'debt interest', 'Credit Bank', 'Tinkoff Bank', '$2 billion bond', 'coupon payments', 'Finance Ministry', 'Four bondholders', 'custodian banks', 'bondholders’ accounts', 'two thirds', 'overseas assets', 'numerous billionaires', 'interest payments', 'next 10 weeks', 'Gordon Shannon', 'Financial Plumbing', 'ruble-fallback option', 'ultimate denomination', '96-Hour Cliffhanger', 'Reuters report', 'previous week', 'back-office moves', 'center stage', 'capital controls', 'Two bondholders', 'Multiple bondholders', 'presidential decree', 'Phillip Torres', 'real cost', 'Russian government', 'Bloomberg show', 'Bloomberg Businessweek', 'sovereign bond', 'sweeping sanctions', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'Online lender', 'financial obligations', 'investors’ accounts', 'March 2029 prospectus', 'completion', 'statement', 'day', 'cash', 'NSD', 'Europe', 'London', 'point', 'safekeeping', 'place', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'concerns', 'money', 'Billions', 'dollars', 'question', 'country', 'data', 'thinking', 'reputation', 'terms', 'bonds', 'transfer', 'start', 'Story', 'Co.', 'approvals', 'person', 'matter', 'Euroclear', 'world', 'process', 'Moscow', 'time', 'Corporates', 'willingness', 'relief', 'month', 'rubles', 'creditors', 'claim', 'bankruptcy', 'Chicago', 'Updates', 'details', '3.40']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1175,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/crypto/article-10635979/Cryptocurrency-greater-scrutiny-face-Ukraine-war.html,Cryptocurrency under greater scrutiny in the face of Ukraine war,Unlike payment companies  most crypto exchanges have rejected calls to cut off all Russian users raising concerns that crypto could be used as a way to circumvent sanctions.,Cryptocurrencies are facing mounting scrutiny from global financial regulators  over concerns digital assets could be used to evade Western sanctions on Russia.Unlike mainstream payment companies  most crypto exchanges have rejected calls to cut off all Russian users  including Binance and Kraken  raising concerns that crypto could be used as a way to circumvent sanctions.However  the founder of cryptocurrency exchange FTX which was recently valued at $32 billion  has slammed peers for reacting in such a way warning it could have negative repercussions for the sector.Cryptocurrency is facing mounting scrutiny from global financial regulators  over concerns digital assets could be used to evade Western sanctions on Russia in the midst of its attack on UkraineThirty-year-old crypto billionaire Sam Bankman-Fried said: 'I'm very frustrated with the messaging that our industry has had on this.'I think it has not been helpful. I think it has been basically anti-regulatory  is how it's been perceived  and I think that's how it sounds  and I think that has caused a pretty big perception issue.'Bahamas-based FTX immediately cut off support to all sanctioned parties and severed access to all Russian banks  even those that are not sanctioned  so the exchange could not be used as a gateway between Russia and the rest of the world.FTX still allows non-sanctioned Russian users to trade  with anti-money laundering checks  and is in communication with the US Treasury about what it is doing in Russia.In America  Democratic US senators introduced a bill last Thursday that would enable the government to sanction foreign cryptocurrency firms doing business with sanctioned Russian entities and prevent them from transacting with US customers.Meanwhile  the European Union issued guidance on 9 March to confirm that sanctions on loans and credit to Russia include cryptoassets  in a bid to close potential sanctions loopholes.John Glen  Britain's financial services minister  told the a City & Financial conference in London that steps already taken by the UK to bring cryptoassets under anti-money laundering and terrorist financing curbs will support law enforcement in cryptoassets.'We think that these steps will actively support the government's response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine ' Glen said.Meanwhile Patrick Armstrong  a member of the Financial Stability Board's (FSB) secretariat  said at the same conference: 'We at the FSB are monitoring the situation  the conflict situation relative to cryptos.'All companies carrying out crypto-related activity in the UK face an end of March deadline for obtaining approvalsThe FSB  which groups financial regulators  central banks and finance ministry officials from the Group of 20 economies  is sharing the information it obtains among its members  Armstrong said.But David Raw  a policy official at Britain's Financial Conduct Authority  said 90 per cent of crypto firms seeking approval for anti-money laundering controls have either withdrawn their applications or been refused because they could not meet the standards.All companies carrying out crypto-related activity in the UK face an end of March deadline for obtaining approvals and Raw sought to reassure those still stuck in the authorisation queue.'It won't be the case that you suddenly have to cease trading ' Raw said.Britain is also cracking down on crypto promotions and Glen said the UK government is still considering whether other rules are needed for blockchain  which underpins crypto assets.'We are not finished in relation to crypto ' Raw said.However  established institutions are slowly coming around to the idea of teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.Securities settlement house Euroclear is the latest firm to have joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets.Belgium-headquartered Euroclear said it had bought a small stake in the three-year old consortium Fnality as it moves deeper into distributed ledger technology (DLT) or blockchain  the technology which underpins cryptoassets like bitcoin.Euroclear which settles stock and bond trades  the final leg of a transaction where cash is swapped for legal ownership of an asset  said the aim was to settle tokenised assets  or digital securities  against digital cash on DLT in a faster and more efficient way.Fnality aims to replace some of the cumbersome processes and paperwork involved in transferring value between financial organisations by using digital versions of currencies.The Bank of England gave the green light last year to a new type of account at the central bank to cater for a wider range of anticipated payments systems  including those based on blockchain.,negative,0.05,0.43,0.52,mixed,0.05,0.14,0.82,True,English,"['greater scrutiny', 'Ukraine war', 'Cryptocurrency', 'face', 'Thirty-year-old crypto billionaire Sam Bankman-Fried', 'big perception issue', 'terrorist financing curbs', 'finance ministry officials', 'financial services minister', 'Financial Stability Board', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'Securities settlement house', 'Democratic US senators', 'anti-money laundering checks', 'anti-money laundering controls', 'global financial regulators', 'most crypto exchanges', 'three-year old consortium', 'distributed ledger technology', 'potential sanctions loopholes', 'sanctioned Russian users', 'foreign cryptocurrency firms', 'mainstream payment companies', 'crypto firms', 'Financial conference', 'financial organisations', 'payment system', 'digital securities', 'US Treasury', 'US customers', 'Russian entities', 'crypto promotions', 'crypto assets', 'crypto tech', 'mounting scrutiny', 'digital assets', 'negative repercussions', 'European Union', 'law enforcement', 'same conference', 'crypto-related activity', 'policy official', '90 per cent', 'authorisation queue', 'other rules', 'latest firm', 'tokenised assets', 'small stake', 'bond trades', 'final leg', 'legal ownership', 'cumbersome processes', 'digital versions', 'The Bank', 'green light', 'new type', 'central bank', 'wider range', 'payments systems', 'Russian banks', 'Western sanctions', 'March deadline', 'cryptocurrency exchange', 'Patrick Armstrong', 'conflict situation', 'The FSB', 'digital cash', 'Bahamas-based FTX', 'John Glen', 'Belgium-headquartered Euroclear', 'efficient way', 'David Raw', 'UK government', '9 March', 'Cryptocurrencies', 'concerns', 'calls', 'Binance', 'Kraken', 'founder', 'peers', 'warning', 'sector', 'midst', 'attack', 'Ukraine', 'messaging', 'industry', 'support', 'parties', 'access', 'gateway', 'rest', 'world', 'communication', 'America', 'business', 'guidance', 'loans', 'credit', 'cryptoassets', 'bid', 'Britain', 'City', 'London', 'steps', 'response', 'invasion', 'member', 'secretariat', 'cryptos', 'end', 'approvals', 'Group', '20 economies', 'information', 'applications', 'standards', 'case', 'trading', 'blockchain', 'relation', 'institutions', 'idea', 'newcomers', 'Fnality', 'DLT', 'bitcoin', 'stock', 'transaction', 'aim', 'paperwork', 'value', 'England', 'account']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,thisismoney.co.uk
1176,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4497032-profit-with-xrp-token-from-ripple,Ripple: Buy The SEC Uncertainty  Sell The Settlement News (XPR-USD),Investors can buy now and sell when Ripple has settled or won the SEC's lawsuit alleging the illegal sale of unregistered securities. See more on XPR-USD here.,"gopixa/iStock Editorial via Getty ImagesRipple's (XRP-USD) XRP token represents a classic opportunity to buy during the market headwinds from the SEC lawsuit and sell on news of a settlement or outright legal victory. Despite hyped claims about the coin's future use for central banking  my research shows no reason to hold XRP for the long term.Ripple and XRP BackgroundRipple Labs is a U.S.-based technology company that develops the Ripple payment protocol and exchange network. About 10 years ago  it also created its own digital currency called XRP to enable money transfers over the internet. Then CEO Chris Larsen said at the time  ""We think this is the first viable alternative to correspondent banking.""According to the company:Ripple provides one frictionless experience to send money globally using the power of blockchain technology. By joining Ripple's growing  global network RippleNet  financial institutions can process their customers' payments anywhere in the world instantly  reliably and cost-effectively. Banks and payment providers can use the digital asset XRP to further reduce their costs and access new markets.Ripple is a privately funded company with many well-known angel investors  including Andreessen Horowitz  Lightspeed Venture Partners  Google Ventures  and IDG Capital Partners. It's important to understand that these companies have invested in Ripple the company  not necessarily XRP the token.Revenue comes from professional services provided to financial network operators  software built to integrate legacy financial systems with Ripple  and by regular sales of the XRP token. In December 2020  the SEC sued Ripple and executives Brad Garlinghouse (the CEO) and Chris Larsen (executive chairman of Ripple's board of directors and former CEO and co-founder of Ripple) for alleged illegal sales of unregistered securities related to the XRP token. Ripple has an immense financial war chest to fund their legal defense and is giving the SEC all it can handle in the ongoing back and forth battle.Of course  the SEC suit overhang has taken a toll on the price of the XRP token. But with any minor Ripple court victory  we see signs of relief.Examining the case to hold XRP long termTwitter is often not the place to find rational  evenhanded posts on any subject. But XRP Twitter inhabits a class of its own. The swarm of Ripple devotees is called the ""#XRPArmy"" and they are quick to defend the company and promote the token. Many claims are amazingly outlandish: ""XRP All The Monye"" makes the assumption that the token will become the standard for all finance in the future. But is there any supporting evidence for this?At the time of writing  XRP's price is around $0.77. One investment firm's managing director has said (with a straight face) that $10 000 to $35 000 a coin is possible because all central banks will use XRP as a bridge currency. But will they?There are four common misunderstandings about Ripple and XRP that cloud understanding of the token's adoption in the real world. We need to carefully scrutinize any announcements of institutions or central banks employing these products. Can we really infer XRP use in these cases?The first error is that RippleNet guarantees XRP use. Most announcements of Ripple deals are referring to the RippleNet global payment network. RippleNet is an established product that enables 200+ financial institutions worldwide to make faster  lower-cost payments across 40 countries. However  RippleNet does not automatically use XRP; that requires implementation of another dedicated product called ODL. As per Ripple:Through the On-Demand Liquidity (ODL) service  RippleNet leverages the digital asset XRP as a bridge between two currencies  allowing you to eliminate pre-funding of destination accounts  reduce operational costs and unlock capital.Ripple hopes that RippleNet will be a Trojan Horse for ODL and XRP adoption  but I've found little evidence of this happening. Conversely  there are strong reasons banks would not adopt XRP. First  utilizing an instrument in the U.S. government's regulatory crosshairs would be an ill-advised strategy. Also  since XRP is a public and transparent blockchain  financial organizations would be sensitive about broadcasting their transactions. Finally  most institutions would avoid committing themselves to a public market asset with a history of wild price swings driven by retail investors.The next fallacy is that any mention of R3 implies XRP usage. R3 Corda is perhaps the most popular tech partner for central bank digital currency (CBDC) trials  and has been tested by Riksbank (the central bank of Sweden)  Banque de France  the Swiss National Bank  the BIS Innovation Hub  the Reserve Bank of Australia  Bank Negara Malaysia  the Monetary Authority of Singapore  and the South African Reserve Bank. Their Token SDK Toolkit  which allows free and private transactions with the ability to prevent fraud  is much better suited for banking projects. R3′s platform was also chosen by the SWIFT Network over Ripple for its new payments standards framework Global Payments Innovation.R3 once had a partnership with Ripple  and integrated XRP into their Settler product  but had a major falling out over the terms of the agreement. Although the partnership has dissolved  many still conflate Corda implementations with XRP use  which is just not warranted.As per Todd McDonald  chief product officer and one of the R3 Founders:Corda Settler does not require the use of XRP... XRP happened to be the first sample integration... The SWIFT work is not in any way associated with XRP.Another misconception is that since Ripple is an ISO 20022 participant therefore every ISO 20022 project must use XRP. ISO 20022 is a multipart international standard prepared by ISO Technical Committee TC68 Financial Services. It describes a common platform for the development of messages. In essence  this is a standard way for disparate systems to integrate and produce more efficient financial transactions. Every major financial institution has adopted ISO 20022 in principle and is quickly moving toward implementation. The SWIFT Network itself is slated to switch to the protocol starting in November 2022.ISO 20022 has many member entities  including RippleNet. But it makes no sense to assume RippleNet is involved with every ISO 20022 implementation  or to believe XRP usage must be implied.Finally  there's the erroneous notion that Interledger also implies XRP use. Interledger is not a blockchain  a token  or a central service. Interledger is a standard way of bridging financial systems. Interledger is a protocol for sending packets of money across different payment networks or ledgers. One of the stated design goals for the protocol is neutrality. Therefore  it is not tied to any company  currency  or network. XRP is supported - just like many other coins and currencies - but is not required by the protocol for operation.Here are examples of supposed proof of real-world XRP use that fail under further scrutiny:This World Economic Forum document mentions XRP on page 17. But this is simply a list of examples  not an endorsement. SWIFT GPI and JPM Coin are also cited in the same paragraph. Published long before the SEC suit  one wonders if XRP would have still been considered a credible example if the WEF wrote this today.Banque de France did list both Ripple and Ethereum (along with other options) in their 2020 research paper  but later clarified the participants as Accenture (ACN)  Euroclear  HSBC (HSBC)  fund management platform Iznes  Liquidshare  ProsperUS  Seba Bank  and Société Générale (SocGen) (OTCPK:SCGLF) Forge.This blockchain deal announcement with the Saudi Arabia Central Bank and Ripple initially looked promising  but was later revealed to be a ""nothingburger."" For the subsequent Project Aber CBDC pilot  XRP was totally ruled out:Note that public blockchain protocols such as Ripple and Stellar  which are often positioned for cross-border remittance use cases  were ruled out because of the obvious need for permissioning and privacy for an interbank payment use case (which these protocols didn't support). Application of the qualification criteria resulted in shortlisting of the following three DLT platforms or protocols: R3 Corda  Hyperledger Fabric (HLF)  JPMC Quorum.This finding underscores how CBDC pilots have rejected public blockchains and instead substituted private tech like R3 Corda.Did the Royal Bank of Canada (RY) consider Ripple's tech for payment? Maybe  but there's no evidence that Canada actually ever used Ripple or XRP. In their 2019 Project Jasper-Ubin  a cross-border (Canada and Singapore) and cross-currency (CAD and SGD) trial  Corda and Quorum were used for atomic transactions based on HTLC. This is another example of Corda's popularity in the CBDC space.Did the Bank of England use XRP in a proof of concept? The devil is in the details here. The BoE did do a proof of concept with Ripple in 2017. From the project summary document:The Ripple solution utilized by the Bank was built around the open source Interledger Protocol that enables payments to be made across different ledgers and networks across the world. A ledger is essentially a file used to record transactions measured in terms of a monetary unit of account. The solution used Ripple Connect  which acted as the interface that enables an institution's internal systems to integrate with the Ripple network.Ripple Connect was the old name for a product that (as far as I can determine) did not use XRP. But either way  there's no evidence of any current usage of XRP by the Bank of England since that proof of concept ended.However  this Palau announcement is recent and real. From the Ripple press release:The partnership will initially focus on developing strategies for cross-border payments and a USD-backed digital currency for Palau. This could see the implementation of the world's first government-backed national stablecoin in the first half of 2022 for which Ripple would provide Palau with technical  business  design and policy support. Meanwhile  exploring a USD-backed stablecoin and associated use cases-such as a corporate registry-on the XRP Ledger could provide a viable alternative to central bank digital currencies (CBDCs) for countries like Palau. 'As part of our commitment to lead in financial innovation and technologies  we are delighted to partner with Ripple ' said President Surangel Whipps Jr. 'The first phase of the partnership will focus on a cross-border payments strategy and exploring options to create a national digital currency  providing the citizens of Palau with greater financial access.'I'll be tracking any the next phases of this project closely. Will Palau actually deploy the XRP Ledger?The second verified project and the only one I've found that plans the use of Ripple's CBDC Private Ledger is with the Royal Monetary Authority of Bhutan. From the announcement:Ripple  the leading provider of enterprise blockchain and crypto solutions for cross-border payments  today announced a collaboration with Bhutan's central bank  the Royal Monetary Authority  to pilot a central bank digital currency CBDC using Ripple's CBDC Private Ledger. 'Our collaboration with Ripple is testament to the potential of CBDCs to provide an alternative and sustainable digital payment instrument in Bhutan ' said Yangchen Tshogyel  deputy governor of the Royal Monetary Authority of Bhutan. 'Ripple's groundbreaking technology will allow for the experimentation of a CBDC with our existing payments infrastructure-while ensuring efficient and cost-effective cross-border transfers.'Ripple developed the Private Ledger product after it became obvious that public blockchains were totally unsuitable for CBDCs. The product intends to allow the creation of private ledger instances but retain links to the public XRP Ledger. There are open questions about how this linkage will be accomplished and what that means for the circulating supply of XRP.Bhutan is a small nation tucked between China and India that has about 750 000 citizens. I'll be tracking their CBDC progress especially in light of China pushing its own digital currency initiative.The three most influential players are China  the U.S.  and Europe. China is far down the path to launch its digital yuan. The Federal Reserve Bank of Boston and the Digital Currency Initiative at MIT recently released their initial technological research for a U.S. CBDC  with XRP nowhere to be found. Europe's efforts are fractured but zero documented CBDC pilots use XRP.Additionally  I attended (virtually) the BIS Innovation Summit in 2021 and am registered for the 2022 venue. As per BIS  the ""Innovation Summit brings together global policymakers  senior executives from the financial and technology industries  and academics to discuss technology and innovation."" Just like the 2021 summit  there are no presenters or speakers from Ripple in any sessions. The 2021 BIS Hackathon competition yielded three winning companies who presented solutions for synchronizing foreign exchange payments  bridging the last mile of cross-border payments  and resolving data correction and validation difficulties  all without using XRP.This summit represents the leading edge of Fintech activity for the established financial community - those who should be Ripple's target audience. Ripple's complete absence speaks volumes.In summary  despite the small trials with Palau and Bhutan  there's just not enough real-world verification of XRP adoption. CBDC trial projects are typically very well documented  along with specific technologies employed and participating partners. If XRP was being considered for any other trials  we'd know about it.Buy during uncertainty  sell on lawsuit resolution newsDo I see benefits from holding this token long term? No. But in the short to medium term  there is an opportunity. If the SEC suit is resolved either by a settlement or outright victory  there will likely be intense retail action. History shows a distinct and repeated pattern of price increases with any glimmer of good news in the SEC case.For example  in April 2021  Ripple won a legal battle for access to SEC discussions on defining crypto assets as securities. That news coincided with an explosive 75% rally in 30 hours. Then  XRP jumped 13% on May 30  2021  when Ripple stopped the SEC from accessing certain legal records. In October 2021  Judge Sarah Netburn issued a ruling in favor of Ripple Labs  which triggered a 17% rally in XRP's price.Again  we saw XRP quickly gain 30% in early February this year after Ripple got permission to explain the fair notice defense versus the SEC. And  most recently  the price increased 8% on March 11 when the SEC's motion to strike Ripple's fair notice affirmative defense was denied by Judge Analisa Torres.Of course  past performance is no guarantee for the future. But if winning minor legal battles against the SEC can spark significant increases  XRP investors could benefit immensely if Ripple is victorious in the war. Holders must watch for the news and be prepared; based on the examples from the past year  we can probably expect the gains to rapidly peak and then decline.Risks and LogisticsGarlinghouse says Ripple is confident the SEC's case will ultimately be dismissed  and Joseph Hall - a former managing executive for policy at the SEC - believes the regulator has a good chance of losing the lawsuit on the merits of the case. But it's still possible the SEC prevails.If that happens  any premium built into the price from the expectation of victory will immediately be lost. The amount of price decrease could depend on the specific outcome details and whether there's any path for further legal action by Ripple. However  it's doubtful the token would ever go to zero for several reasons.Since the SEC suit was announced  most U.S.-based exchanges have halted XRP trading for fear of selling an unregistered security if the government's position is upheld. But Asian exchanges are minimally influenced by SEC actions  and investors there are less sensitive to U.S. regulatory news. After U.S. exchanges had delisted XRP in early January 2021  data indicates the markets in Asia were the main driver of the price rally that powered a 50% gain. I would expect the Asian base of investors to remain relatively unaffected by a negative court outcome.Moreover  Japan-based financial services company SBI Holdings released a statement shortly after the suit was announced claiming XRP was a cryptocurrency asset under Japanese law  not a security. Disclosure: SBI is by no means a neutral party. They have financial relationships with Ripple  including investments and a joint venture blockchain payments firm called MoneyTap.In preceding crypto cases  the SEC focused on punishing the companies  not individual investors. It's true that Telegram canceled their Telegram Open Network project due to the company's ongoing legal fight with the SEC  but that token had not yet launched.In October 2020  Kik and the SEC settled their year-long legal battle with an agreement that levied a $5 million fine but preserved the token. Block.One paid $24 million after settling charges that it operated an unregistered securities sale with its $4.1 billion EOS raise. Interestingly  the settlement only applied to the original ERC-20 tokens that were swapped by holders for the current EOS token. Thus  that coin was not required to be registered as a security with the SEC and is still trading unrestricted today.Ripple does not have that same token swap option  so what would happen if XRP is deemed a security? Rather than continuing to suffer in the U.S. regulatory environment  Garlinghouse has publicly discussed the possibility of moving the company to a friendlier jurisdiction:The reality is what we'd probably do is just say  'OK  in order to provide certainty and clarity on a going-forward basis we would want to look at other markets and other jurisdictions where there is that clarity.' Earlier in this conversation  I highlighted the UK. I highlighted Japan. I highlighted Singapore.Any remaining U.S.-based exchanges offering XRP at that point might simply delist it rather than jump through the regulatory hoops required to offer a security. Large institutions with broker-dealer licenses might end up being the off-ramp for individual U.S. investors divesting themselves of XRP. However  this is speculation on my part as the process is yet undefined. The bottom line is that even in the scenario of an SEC victory  Ripple has options and the token will still have value outside the U.S.The SEC case has already been active for over a year; is a conclusion in sight? Jeremy Hogan as well as James Filan are good follows on Twitter for news about the proceedings. Hogan recently posted the following:When will Ripple vs. SEC case end? Ripple thinks it will end sometime between Aug. 26 and Nov. 18. In its pending class action  Ripple agreed to move the case start back to Nov. 18 in belief that the SEC case will be finished before then. Of course  it can settle anytime.Ripple court documents reveal their expected timeline for resolution - a window between Aug. 26 and Nov. 18  2022. He also notes that a settlement could end the case at any time  but from Ripple's perspective  regulatory clarity for the token is essential:Garlinghouse has revealed that a settlement is likely to occur on one condition  that the regulator is expected to clearly define the regulatory status of XRP.Garlinghouse states  'To the extent we can find a constructive path forward with the SEC  we  of course  want to find that. There's no scenario  though  that we're going to settle unless there's absolute certainty about what XRP is on a go-forward basis.'Where should you buy XRP? If Ripple prevails  U.S. investors using major exchanges like Coinbase  Binance  and Kraken may be caught flat footed in the middle of a rally waiting while these exchanges scramble to relist XRP.One of the few that still offer XRP right now is Uphold  and I have successfully transacted on the platform. Their daily maximum ACH bank transfer is limited to $2 500 per day  but crypto transfer amounts are much higher. So one strategy is to transfer the value you want to trade in ETH and exchange that directly for XRP. Other exchanges that say they serve U.S. customers and offer XRP are Gate.io  Kucoin  and BitYard. (Note that I have not used these services and make no claims about them.)As always  think for yourself and only invest what you can afford to lose. Especially in the wild world of crypto  there are no guarantees. We may not see ""XRP All The Money "" but savvy investors can position themselves to profit from upcoming events.",neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,mixed,0.1,0.11,0.79,True,English,"['The SEC Uncertainty', 'Settlement News', 'Ripple', 'XPR', 'USD', 'U.S.-based technology company', 'immense financial war chest', 'South African Reserve Bank', 'minor Ripple court victory', 'central bank digital currency', 'U.S. government', 'RippleNet global payment network', 'growing, global network', 'outright legal victory', 'one frictionless experience', 'Lightspeed Venture Partners', 'rational, evenhanded posts', 'One investment firm', 'four common misunderstandings', 'popular tech partner', 'Banque de France', 'Swiss National Bank', 'BIS Innovation Hub', 'Bank Negara Malaysia', 'legacy financial systems', 'faster, lower-cost payments', 'financial network operators', 'first viable alternative', 'alleged illegal sales', 'new payments standards', 'IDG Capital Partners', '200+ financial institutions', 'SEC suit overhang', 'digital asset XRP', 'wild price swings', 'Token SDK Toolkit', 'public market asset', 'Ripple payment protocol', 'CEO Chris Larsen', 'XRP long term', 'blockchain technology', 'payment providers', 'financial organizations', 'exchange network', 'SWIFT Network', ""customers' payments"", 'market headwinds', 'new markets', 'regular sales', 'legal defense', 'first error', 'central banking', 'bridge currency', 'iStock Editorial', 'Getty Images', 'classic opportunity', 'correspondent banking', 'funded company', 'angel investors', 'Andreessen Horowitz', 'Google Ventures', 'professional services', 'Brad Garlinghouse', 'executive chairman', 'former CEO', 'unregistered securities', 'ongoing back', 'forth battle', 'The Monye', 'supporting evidence', 'managing director', 'straight face', 'Demand Liquidity', 'two currencies', 'destination accounts', 'Trojan Horse', 'little evidence', 'strong reasons', 'regulatory crosshairs', 'transparent blockchain', 'most institutions', 'retail investors', 'next fallacy', 'CBDC) trials', 'Monetary Authority', 'banking projects', 'central banks', 'SEC lawsuit', 'XRP Background', 'XRP use', 'XRP usage', 'future use', 'money transfers', 'real world', 'Most announcements', 'dedicated product', 'ODL) service', 'operational costs', 'private transactions', 'Ripple Labs', 'Ripple devotees', 'Ripple deals', 'XRP token', 'R3 Corda', 'XRP Twitter', 'XRP adoption', 'Many claims', 'gopixa', 'news', 'settlement', 'coin', 'research', 'internet', 'time', 'power', 'companies', 'Revenue', 'software', 'December', 'executives', 'board', 'directors', 'founder', 'toll', 'signs', 'relief', 'case', 'place', 'subject', 'swarm', 'assumption', 'finance', 'writing', 'products', '40 countries', 'implementation', 'pre-funding', 'instrument', 'strategy', 'history', 'mention', 'Riksbank', 'Sweden', 'Australia', 'Singapore', 'free', 'ability', 'fraud', 'platform']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,seekingalpha.com
1177,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-orexo-155900864.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting of Orexo,The shareholders in Orexo AB (publ)  reg. no. 556500-0600  registered office Uppsala  are summoned to the annual general meeting  to be held on Thursday 21...,"UPPSALA  Sweden  March 21  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Orexo AB (publ)  reg. no. 556500-0600  registered office Uppsala  are summoned to the annual general meeting  to be held on Thursday 21 April 2022  at 16.00 pm in Orexo's facilities at Rapsgatan 7E in Uppsala  Sweden.Participation  etc.Shareholders who wish to participate in the meeting must be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Monday 11 April 2022  and notify Orexo of their intention to attend the meeting not later than on Wednesday 13 April 2022 by post to Orexo AB  P.O. Box 303  SE-751 05 Uppsala  Sweden  by telephone +46 (0) 18 780 88 00  by telefax +46 (0) 18 780 88 88  or by e-mail to lena.wange@orexo.com.The notification shall set forth the name  personal/corporate identity number  the number of shares held  telephone number (daytime) and  where applicable  number of assistants (not more than two) that the shareholder intends to bring to the meeting. Shareholders to be represented by proxy should submit a power of attorney (original document) and a certificate of registration or equivalent together with the notification of attendance. A proxy form is available at www.orexo.com.Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee through a bank or a securities institution must temporarily re-register their shares in their own names to be entitled to participate in the meeting. Such registration  which may be temporary  must be duly effected in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday 13 April 2022  and the shareholders must therefore advise their nominees well in advance of this date.When this notice to attend the annual general meeting is issued  the total number of shares in the company is 34 710 639 with 34 710 639 votes. In total the company holds 382 732 own shares. The number of own shares is based on the company's holding as per the close of 18th of March 2022  the last trading day prior to the announcement of the notice.Story continuesProposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting.2. Election of chairman of the meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of one or two persons who shall approve the minutes of the meeting.6. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened.7. Speech by the chief executive officer.8. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements.9. Presentation of the work performed by the board of directors and its committees.10. Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet.11. Resolution regarding allocation of the company's result pursuant to the adopted balance sheet.12. Resolution regarding discharge from liability of the board members and the chief executive officer.13. Determination of the number of board members and auditors.14. Determination of fees for the board members and the auditor.15. Election of board members  chairman of the board and auditor.16. Presentation of the remuneration report for approval.17. Resolution on guidelines for remuneration to the executive management.18. Resolution regarding nomination committee.19. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares.20. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to repurchase and transfer own shares.21. Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP 2022.22. Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP Stay-on 2022.23. Closing of the meeting.Proposals regarding chairman of the meeting  the board of directors and auditors (items 2  13  14 and 15)The nomination committee of Orexo  which consists of James Noble (chairman of the board)  Christian Salling (Novo Holdings A/S and chairman of the nomination committee)  Patrik Walldov (Anders Walldov  incl. indirect holding via Brohuvudet AB) and Claus Berner Møller (Arbejdsmarkedets Tillaegspension) proposes:- that Rikard Lindahl  member of the Swedish Bar Association  from Advokatfirman Vinge  is elected chairman of the meeting (item 2) - that the board of directors shall consist of eight board members with no deputy members (item 13) - that the number of auditors shall be one with no deputy auditors (item 13) - that the fees to the board of directors shall amount to SEK 3 550 000 to be allocated as follows: SEK 900 000 to the chairman and SEK 300 000 to each of the other board members  and in total SEK 400 000 to be allocated to the members of the audit committee so that the chairman of the committee receives SEK 200 000 and SEK 200 000 are allocated in equal parts between the other members of the committee  and in total SEK 150 000 to be allocated to the members of the remuneration committee in equal parts between the members of the committee  and that fees to the auditor shall be paid against approved accounts (item 14) - that the independent board members James Noble  Staffan Lindstrand  Fred Wilkinson  Mary Pat Christie  Charlotte Hansson  Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly shall receive an additional fee of SEK 1 050 000  subject to (i) the board member's acquisition of shares in Orexo for the entire part (after taxes) of such additional board fee as soon as possible following the annual general meeting's resolution and the pay-out of the additional board fee  and (ii) the board member's commitment not to sell the shares during the board member's entire tenure on the Orexo board. The additional board fee is to be allocated as follows: SEK 450 000 to the chairman  corresponding to 50 percent of the ordinary board fee to the chairman  and SEK 100 000 to each of Staffan Lindstrand  Fred Wilkinson  Mary Pat Christie  Charlotte Hansson  Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly  corresponding to 33 percent of the ordinary board fee to such board members. In the event that the board member  before the succeeding annual general meeting  is dismissed due to breach of his/her obligations as a board member or leaves the board at his/her own request  the board member must repay the entire additional board fee (after taxes). James Noble has not participated in the nomination committee's handling of the proposal insofar as it concerns himself (item 14) - that the board members James Noble  Staffan Lindstrand  Henrik Kjær Hansen  Fred Wilkinson  Mary Pat Christie and Charlotte Hansson are re-elected and that Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly are elected as new board members  all for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting (item 15) - that James Noble is re-elected as chairman of the board (item 15)  and- that Ernst & Young Aktiebolag is re-elected as auditor for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting. The proposal is in accordance with the recommendation by the audit committee (item 15).Allocation of the company's result (item 11)The board of directors proposes that there shall be no dividend for 2021 and that the results of the company shall be carried forward.Proposal regarding resolution on guidelines for remuneration to the executive management (item 17)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve the board of directors' proposal concerning principles and guidelines for the remuneration of the company's executive management in accordance with what is stated below.The executive management of Orexo falls within the provisions of these guidelines. Executive management refers to board members  the CEO and other members of the executive management  which comprised seven persons by the end of 2021. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the annual general meeting 2022. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting.Remuneration under employments subject to other rules than Swedish may be duly adjusted to comply with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityThe company's business strategy is the following.Orexo has developed from being an R&D stage company to becoming a profitable fully integrated specialty pharmaceutical company with its own commercial business in the US. From a strong operational and financial platform  Orexo is aiming to become a leader in the treatment of mental illness and substance use disorder. To achieve this  the commercial business will be broadened through business development  M&A and launch of proprietary pharmaceuticals and digital therapies.Orexo's objectives and strategies onwards is to broaden the US commercial platform to leverage scale and expand sales  further accelerate Orexo US performance and EBIT contributions as well as to launch at least one new product from the pipeline within three years.A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end  it is necessary that the company offers competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable the company to offer the executive management a competitive total remuneration.Long-term share-related incentive plans have been implemented in the company. Such plans have been resolved by the general meeting and are therefore excluded from these guidelines. The long-term share-related incentive plans for certain senior executives and employees within the Orexo group and for Group Management Team and US Leadership Team employees  respectively  proposed by the board of directors and submitted to the annual general meeting 2022 for approval are excluded for the same reason. The proposed plans substantially correspond to existing plans for senior executives and employees. The current plans include certain executives and employees within the Orexo group. The performance criteria used to assess the outcome of the plans are distinctly linked to the business strategy and thereby to the company's long-term value creation  including its sustainability. These performance criteria currently comprise the share price development  the surpassing of a certain index or the meeting of certain financing and operating objectives  and thereby organic growth and product development. Further  the plans are conditional upon certain holding periods.Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.Types of remuneration  etc.Orexo shall offer terms of employment that are in line with market rates so that the company can recruit and retain skilled personnel. Remuneration to the executive management shall comprise a fixed salary  variable remuneration  long-term incentive programs  pensions and other customary benefits. Remuneration is based on the individual's commitment and performance in relation to previously established goals  both individual goals and goals for the entire company. Individual performance is continuously evaluated.Fixed salary is generally reviewed on an annual basis and shall be based on the qualitative performance of the individual. The fixed salary of the executive management shall be in line with market conditions.The executive management may be offered cash bonuses. The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one year. Variable remuneration shall take into account the individual's level of responsibility and degree of influence. The size of variable remuneration is based on the percentage of predetermined and measurable criteria which can be financial or non-financial. They may also be individualized  quantitative or qualitative objectives. The criteria shall be designed so as to contribute to the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promoting the executive's long-term development. To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the measurement period has ended. The remuneration committee is responsible for the evaluation of the variable cash remuneration to the CEO and the other executives. For financial objectives  the evaluation shall be based on the latest financial information made public by the company. The variable remuneration shall amount to a maximum of 40 percent of the annual fixed cash salary for the CEO  up to 30 percent of the annual fixed cash salary for other members of the executive management in Sweden and up to 60 percent of the annual fixed cash salary for members of the executive management employed in the US subsidiary. The majority of the variable remuneration shall be based on the sales development and the financial results at group and subsidiary level. The percentage rate in relation to US employees reflects the subsidiary's significance for the group's earnings as well as an American labor market that is requiring an increased share of variable remuneration in order to attract and retain key employees. Furthermore  the board of directors shall have the option of allocating further variable non-recurring remuneration to the management when the board deems it to be appropriate. Such allocation of non-recurring remuneration may  after consolidation with other variable remuneration  amount to a maximum of 70 percent of the annual fixed cash salary.The CEO and the other members of the executive management are covered by defined contribution pension plans  including health insurance (Sw. sjukförsäkring). Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits except to the extent required by mandatory collective agreement provisions applicable to the executive. The pension premiums paid by the company to the CEO amount to 20 percent of the annual fixed cash salary and amount to not more than 25 percent of the annual fixed cash salary for other members of the executive management team.The employment agreement with the CEO may be terminated with six months' notice. Employment agreements with the other members of the executive management may be terminated with a notice of between zero and six months. The CEO is entitled to severance pay equivalent to six months' salary if employment is terminated by the company. The other members of the executive management are entitled to severance pay equivalent to between 3 and 12 months' salary if employment is terminated by the company. Upon notice from the executive  there is no right to severance pay.In addition  remuneration may be paid for non-compete undertakings. Such remuneration shall compensate for loss of income and shall only be paid in so far as the previously employed executive is not entitled to severance pay. The remuneration shall be based on the fixed cash salary at the time of termination of employment and be paid during the time the non-compete undertaking applies  however not for more than 12 months following termination of employment.Executives may be awarded customary other benefits  such as company car and travel between the place of residence and the workplace. Such other benefits may amount to not more than 20 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.The board is entitled  if it assesses that this is warranted in an individual case  to assign company work to a board member over and above the board assignment  in which case the board member may be granted reasonable remuneration.For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  pension benefits and other benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines. Executives who are expatriates to or from Sweden may receive additional remuneration and other benefits to the extent reasonable in light of the special circumstances associated with the expat arrangement  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines. Such benefits may not in total exceed 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the board of directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the remuneration committee's and the board of directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe board of directors has established a remuneration committee. The committee's tasks include preparing the board of directors' decision to propose guidelines for executive remuneration. The board of directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting.The remuneration committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company. The members of the remuneration committee are independent of the company and its executive management. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the board of directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe board of directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As set out above  the remuneration committee's tasks include preparing the board of directors' resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Resolution regarding nomination committee (item 18)The nomination committee proposes that the meeting resolves that the company shall have a nomination committee consisting of a representative of each of the three largest shareholders  based on the number of votes held  together with the chairman of the board. If any of the three largest shareholders declines to appoint a member to the nomination committee  additional shareholders are  by order of size  to be offered appointment until three members are appointed. The names of the members of the nomination committee and the names of the shareholders they represent shall be made public not later than six months before the annual general meeting and be based on shareholding statistics provided by Euroclear Sweden AB per the last banking day in August 2022. Unless the members of the nomination committee agree otherwise  the member representing the largest shareholder  based on the number of votes held  shall be appointed chairman of the nomination committee. If a shareholder representative no longer represents the owner or leaves the nomination committee before its work is completed  the shareholder shall be entitled to appoint a new member of the nomination committee. A shareholder who has appointed a member of the nomination committee has the right to remove such member and appoint a new member of the nomination committee. In the event a shareholder that has appointed a member is no longer one of the three largest shareholders  based on the number of votes held  the appointed member shall resign and be replaced by a new member in accordance with the above procedure. Unless special circumstances apply  no changes should be made in the composition of the nomination committee as a result of minor changes in voting rights or changes in voting rights which occur later than two months before the annual general meeting. Changes in the composition of the nomination committee shall be made public as soon as possible.The nomination committee shall prepare and submit proposals to the general meeting on chairman of the meeting  board members  chairman of the board  board fees to each of the board members and the chairman as well as remuneration for committee work  if any  fees to the company's auditor  and  when applicable  proposal regarding election of new auditor. Further  the nomination committee shall prepare and propose principles for the composition of the nomination committee to the annual general meeting 2023. The nomination committee shall be entitled to charge the company with costs for consultants and other expenses necessary for the nomination committee to carry out its duties.Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares (item 19)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  with or without preferential rights for the shareholders  against cash payment or against payment through set-off or in kind  or otherwise on special conditions. However  such issue of shares must never result in the company's issued share capital or the number of shares in the company at any time  being increased by more than a total of 10 per cent. The purpose of the authorization is to enable the board to make corporate acquisitions  product acquisitions or to enter into collaboration agreements  or to raise working capital or broaden the shareholder base.The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to repurchase and transfer own shares (item 20)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  as many own shares as may be purchased without the company's holding at any time exceeding 10 per cent of the total number of shares in the company. The shares shall be purchased on Nasdaq Stockholm and only at a price per share within the price range applicable  i.e. the range between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price.The board of directors also proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve  on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  to transfer (sell) own shares. Transfers may be carried out on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the price range applicable  i.e. the range between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price. Transfers may also be made in other ways  with or without preferential rights for the shareholders  against cash payment or against payment through set-off or in kind  or otherwise on special conditions. Upon such transfers  the price shall be established so that it is not below market terms. However  a discount to the stock market price may apply  in line with market practice. Transfers of own shares may be made of up to such number of shares as is held by the company at the time of the board of director's resolution regarding the transfer.The purpose of the authorization to repurchase own shares is to promote efficient capital usage in the company  to provide flexibility as regards the company's possibilities to distribute capital to its shareholders and for use in the context of the company's incentive plans. The purpose of the authorization to transfer own shares is to enable the board to make corporate acquisitions  product acquisitions or enter into collaboration agreements  or to raise working capital or broaden the shareholder base or for use in the context of the company's incentive plans.The board of director's statement in accordance with chapter 19 section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act is made available together with the proposal.The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP 2022 (item 21)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a new performance-based long-term incentive program for not more than 130 selected employees within the Orexo group (""LTIP 2022"").LTIP 2022 is a three-year performance-based program. Under LTIP 2022  the participants will be granted  free of charge  (i) performance-based share awards (""Share Awards"")  and (ii) performance-based employee stock options (""Employee Stock Options"")  entitling to a maximum of 1 921 138 shares in Orexo  in accordance with the terms stipulated below. The Share Awards entitle to a maximum of 576 542 shares in Orexo and the Employee Stock Options entitle to a maximum of 1 344 596 shares in Orexo.The rationale for the proposalLTIP 2022 substantially corresponds with the performance based long-term incentive program adopted at the annual general meeting 2021 (LTIP 2021). LTIP 2022 is intended for certain senior executives and employees within the Orexo group. The board of directors of Orexo believes that an equity incentive program is an important part of a competitive remuneration package to be able to attract  retain and motivate qualified employees to the Orexo group. With reference thereto  the board of directors has decided to propose the adoption of a program corresponding to the program adopted at the annual general meeting 2021 (LTIP 2021). LTIP 2022 is based on performance-based Share Awards and Employee Stock Options and adapted to the current needs of the Orexo group.The purpose of LTIP 2022 is to attract  retain and motivate employees of the Orexo group  provide a competitive remuneration package and to align the interests of the senior executives and employees with the interests of the shareholders. The board of directors is of the opinion that this strengthens the interest for Orexo's business and also stimulates company loyalty in the future. In light of the above  the board of directors believes that the implementation of LTIP 2022 will have a positive effect on the development of the Orexo group and consequently that LTIP 2022 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Conditions for Share Awards and Employee Stock OptionsThe following conditions shall apply for the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible following the annual general meeting 2022 and no later than on 30 June 2022. Out of the granted Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  30 percent shall constitute Share Awards and 70 percent shall constitute Employee Stock Options.- Each Share Award entitles the holder to receive one share in the company free of charge  except for the appropriate taxes  three years after the granting of the Share Award (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group.- Each Employee Stock Option entitles the holder to receive one share in the company upon payment of the strike price  three years after granting of the Employee Stock Option (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group. The strike price shall be fixed to 100 percent of the volume-weighted average price for the Orexo share during the ten trading days preceding the date of the annual general meeting 2022.- A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Share Awards is that Performance Targets 1 and/or 2 have been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.- A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Employee Stock Options is that Performance Target 1 has been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.- The number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options encompassed by LTIP 2022 is to be re-calculated in the event that changes occur in Orexo's equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger or consolidation of shares  new issue  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.- To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  Orexo will compensate the participants for distributed dividends  if any  during the vesting period by increasing the number of shares that each Share Award and each Employee Stock Option  respectively  entitles to after the vesting period.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options can be granted by the parent company and any other company within the Orexo group.Performance ConditionsThe Share Awards are to be divided according to two different performance conditions encompassed by LTIP 2022. The performance conditions focus on the holder still being employed by the Orexo group (""Performance Target 1"") and Orexo's financial and operational targets for 2022 (""Performance Target 2""). Of each participant's granted Share Awards  approximately 33 percent (one third) will pertain to Performance Target 1 and up to approximately 67 percent (two thirds) will pertain to Performance Target 2.The Employee Stock Options are to be divided according to one performance condition encompassed by LTIP 2022  which is Performance Target 1. Of each participant's granted Employee Stock Options  100 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1  meaning that no Employee Stock Options will vest unless the performance target is met.The allotment of shares that each participant later may receive depends on achievement of the established performance targets as described below.Performance Target 1 (for Share Awards and Employee Stock Options) : This target pertains to the holder still being employed by the Orexo group upon vesting.Performance Target 2 (for Share Awards) : This target pertains to the fulfilment of the financial and operational targets for the financial year 2022 as established by the board of directors and relates to Orexo's key KPIs as for example revenue  profitability and achieved milestones  etc. Performance achievement of individual targets is weighted into an overall average performance achievement. The outcome will be measured lineally; meaning that from zero to 100 percent of the Share Awards will vest depending on the overall average rate of performance of the financial and operational targets. All Share Awards will vest and entitle to one share each if 100 percent of the overall average performance is achieved. When calculating the overall performance achievement  individual targets may account for a maximum of 120 percent achievement  but the overall average performance is capped at 100 percent. If performance achievement falls below 80 percent for an individual target  this individual target accounts for zero in the calculation of the overall average achieved.The board of directors will present the rate of achievement of Performance Target 2 in the annual report for 2022.AllocationThe participants are divided into two allocation categories: (i) CEO and other members of group management; (ii) other personnel. The maximum number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options that a participant may be granted in LTIP 2022 depends on the category to which the participant belongs.To ensure that the value of the share-based remuneration does not reach an unintended level in relation to other remuneration  the value of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options granted to the CEO and group management must not  at the time of the grant  exceed a value equal to the person's current annual base salary. For other personnel the value must not exceed 33 percent of the annual base salary.The board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after the annual general meeting. Several factors will be considered in order to secure recruitment  retention and motivation when deciding upon individual allocations including position within Orexo  individual performance and total value of current remuneration package. Individual allocation cannot exceed the above-mentioned limit for the category that the individual belongs to. Out of the allocated Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  30 percent will constitute Share Awards and 70 percent will constitute Employee Stock Options.The share price that is to form the basis for calculating the number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options is to correspond to the average last price paid during a given period of trading. This period comprises the first ten days of trading immediately following the date of the 2022 annual general meeting. The share price is then divided by the individual granting value in order to arrive at the total number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options granted per participant.Preparation and administrationThe board of directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTIP 2022  in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the board of directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The board of directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the Orexo group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTIP 2022 no longer are appropriate. Prior to finally determining allotment of shares on the basis of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  the board of directors will assess whether the outcome of LTIP 2022 is reasonable. This assessment will be conducted in relation to the company's financial earnings and position  conditions in the stock market and other circumstances. Should the board of directors not consider the outcome to be reasonable  the number of shares to be allotted will be reduced.Preparation of the proposalLTIP 2022 has been initiated by the board of directors of Orexo and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and best market practices. LTIP 2022 has been prepared by the remuneration committee and reviewed at meetings of the board of directors.Scope and costs of the programLTIP 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 - Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options should be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period.Assuming a share price at the time of implementation of SEK 20.00  that Performance Target 1 is achieved and that Performance Target 2 is achieved at 50 percent  including a share price increase of 30 percent during the vesting period  the annual cost for LTIP 2022 including social security costs is estimated to approximately SEK 30.7 million before tax. The corresponding annual cost with full achievement of Performance Target 1 and Performance Target 2  including a share price increase of 60 percent during the vesting period  is estimated to approximately SEK 50.9 million before tax.LTIP 2022 will have marginal effects on Orexo's key ratios since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares as is described under section ""Delivery under LTIP 2022"" below.Since delivery of shares under LTIP 2022 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares  LTIP 2022 entails no dilution of the shareholding of the company. The maximum level of dilution for all other outstanding long-term incentive programs in the company amounts to 0 percent  since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares.Information on Orexo's existing incentive programs can be found in the 2021 annual report  note 10 and 24  as well as on the company's website www.orexo.com.Delivery under LTIP 2022The board of directors proposes that delivery of shares under LTIP 2022 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares. In addition  the board of directors proposes that delivery may also be satisfied through payment of a cash amount that is equal to the value of the Orexo share on the date of vesting less the applicable strike price for any Employee Stock Options.Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP Stay-on 2022 (item 22)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a new performance-based long-term incentive program for certain Global Management Team (""GMT"") employees and US Leadership Team (""USLT"") employees within the Orexo group (""LTIP Stay-on 2022""). LTIP Stay-on 2022 is proposed to include up to approximately 13 GMT and USLT employees within the Orexo group.LTIP Stay-on 2022 is a three-year performance-based program. Under LTIP Stay-on 2022  the participants will be granted  free of charge  (i) performance-based share awards (""Share Awards"")  and (ii) performance-based employee stock options (""Employee Stock Options"")  entitling to a maximum of 56 000 shares in Orexo  in accordance with the terms stipulated below. The Share Awards entitle to a maximum of 28 000 shares in Orexo and the Employee Stock Options entitle to a maximum of 28 000 shares in Orexo.The rationale for the proposalLTIP Stay-on 2022 substantially corresponds with the performance based long-term incentive program adopted at the annual general meeting 2021 (LTIP Stay-on 2021). LTIP Stay-on 2022 is intended for certain GMT and USLT employees within the Orexo group and qualification for participation in LTIP Stay-on 2022 is conditional upon the participant either keeping shares from allocations in Orexo's other on-going long-term incentive programs (the ""implemented LTIPs"") or investing in new Orexo shares with part of or the entire annual cash bonus of the participant. The board of directors of Orexo believes that an equity incentive program is an important part of a competitive remuneration package to be able to attract  retain and motivate qualified employees to the Orexo group. The board of directors further believes that LTIP Stay-on 2022 constitutes an important incentive for GMT and USLT employees to keep shares in the company. With reference thereto  the board of directors has decided to propose the adoption of a program corresponding to the program adopted at the annual general meeting 2021 (LTIP Stay-on 2021). LTIP Stay-on 2022 is based on performance-based Share Awards and Employee Stock Options and adapted to the current needs of the Orexo group.The purpose of LTIP Stay-on 2022 is to attract  retain and motivate employees of the Orexo group  provide a competitive remuneration package and to align the interests of GMT and USLT employees with the interests of the shareholders. The board of directors is of the opinion that this strengthens the interest for Orexo's business and also stimulates company loyalty in the future. In light of the above  the board of directors believes that the implementation of LTIP Stay-on 2022 will have a positive effect on the development of the Orexo group and consequently that LTIP Stay-on 2022 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Conditions for Share Awards and Employee Stock OptionsThe following conditions shall apply for the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options.- Qualification for participation in LTIP Stay-on 2022 is conditional upon the participant (i) keeping shares from allocations in any of Orexo's implemented LTIPs between 1 May 2022 and 31 July 2022 (""Opt-in 1"")  or (ii) investing in new Orexo shares with part of or the entire annual cash bonus of the participant between 1 February 2023 and 30 April 2023 (""Opt-in 2"").- Under Opt-in 1  the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible after 31 July 2022 and no later than on 31 August 2022.- Under Opt-in 2  the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible after 30 April 2023 and no later than on 31 May 2023.- Out of the granted Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  50 percent shall constitute Share Awards and 50 percent shall constitute Employee Stock Options. Every five (5) shares kept in accordance with Opt-in 1 and every five (5) shares acquired in accordance with Opt-in 2  respectively  entitle the participant to one (1) Share Award and one (1) Employee Stock Option.- Each Share Award entitles the holder to receive one share in the company  free of charge  except for the appropriate taxes  three years after the granting of the Share Award (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group.- Each Employee Stock Option entitles the holder to receive one share in the company upon payment of the strike price  three years after the granting of the Employee Stock Option (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group. The strike price shall be fixed to 100 percent of the volume-weighted average price for the Orexo share during the ten trading days preceding the date of the annual general meeting 2022.- A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Share Awards is that Performance Targets 1 and/or 2 have been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.- A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Employee Stock Options is that Performance Target 1 has been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.- The number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options encompassed by LTIP Stay-on 2022 is to be re-calculated in the event that changes occur in Orexo's equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger or consolidation of shares  new issue  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.- To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  Orexo will compensate the participants for distributed dividends  if any  during the vesting period by increasing the number of shares that each Share Award and each Employee Stock Option  respectively  entitles to after the vesting period.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options can be granted by the parent company and any other company within the Orexo group.Performance ConditionsThe Share Awards are to be divided according to two different performance conditions encompassed by LTIP Stay-on 2022. The performance conditions focus on the holder still being employed by the Orexo group (""Performance Target 1"") and Orexo's financial and operational targets for 2022 (""Performance Target 2""). Of each participant's granted Share Awards  50 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1 and up to 50 percent will pertain to Performance Target 2.The Employee Stock Options are to be divided according to one performance condition encompassed by LTIP Stay-on 2022  which is Performance Target 1. Of each participant's granted Employee Stock Options  100 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1  meaning that no Employee Stock Options will vest unless the performance target is met.The allotment of shares that each participant later may receive depends on achievement of the established performance targets as described below.Performance Target 1 (for Share Awards and Employee Stock Options) : This target pertains to the holder still being employed by the Orexo group upon vesting.Performance Target 2 (for Share Awards) : This target pertains to the fulfilment of the financial and operational targets for the financial year 2022 as established by the board of directors and relates to Orexo's key KPIs as for example revenue  profitability and achieved milestones  etc. Performance achievement of individual targets is weighted into an overall average performance achievement. The outcome will be measured lineally; meaning that from zero to 100 percent of the Share Awards will vest depending on the overall average rate of performance of the financial and operational targets. All Share Awards will vest and entitle to one share each if 100 percent of the overall average performance is achieved. When calculating the overall performance achievement  individual targets may account for a maximum of 120 percent achievement  but the overall average performance is capped at 100 percent. If performance achievement falls below 80 percent for an individual target  this individual target accounts for zero in the calculation of the overall average achieved.The board of directors will present the rate of achievement of Performance Target 2 in the Annual Report for 2022.AllocationEvery five (5) shares kept in accordance with Opt-in 1 and every five (5) shares acquired in accordance with Opt-in 2  respectively  entitle the participants of LTIP Stay-on 2022 to one (1) Share Award and one (1) Employee Stock Option. Out of the allocated Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  50 percent will constitute Share Awards and 50 percent will constitute Employee Stock Options.In relation to allocation under Opt-in 1  the board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after 31 July 2022. In relation to allocation under Opt-in 2  the board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after 30 April 2023.Preparation and administrationThe board of directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTIP Stay-on 2022  in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the board of directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The board of directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the Orexo group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTIP Stay-on 2022 no longer are appropriate. Prior to finally determining allotment of shares on the basis of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  the board of directors will assess whether the outcome of LTIP Stay-on 2022 is reasonable. This assessment will be conducted in relation to the company's financial earnings and position  conditions in the stock market and other circumstances. Should the board of directors not consider the outcome to be reasonable  the number of shares to be allotted will be reduced.Preparation of the proposalLTIP Stay-on 2022 has been initiated by the board of directors of Orexo and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and best market practices. LTIP Stay-on 2022 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings of the board of directors.Scope and costs of the programLTIP Stay-on 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 - Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options should be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period.Assuming a share price at the time of implementation of SEK 20.00  that Performance Target 1 is achieved and that Performance Target 2 is achieved at 50 percent  including a share price increase of 30 percent during the vesting period  the annual cost for LTIP Stay-on 2022 including social security costs is estimated to approximately SEK 1.1 million before tax. The corresponding annual cost with full achievement of Performance Target 1 and Performance Target 2  including a share price increase of 60 percent during the vesting period  is estimated to approximately SEK 1.7 million before tax.LTIP Stay-on 2022 will have marginal effects on Orexo's key ratios since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares as is described under section ""Delivery under LTIP Stay-on 2022"" below.Since delivery of shares under LTIP Stay-on 2022 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares  LTIP Stay-on 2022 entails no dilution of the shareholding of the company. The maximum level of dilution for all other outstanding long-term incentive programs in the company amounts to 0 percent  since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares.Information on Orexo's existing incentive programs can be found in the 2021 annual report  note 10 and 24  as well as on the company's website www.orexo.com.Delivery under LTIP Stay-on 2022The board of directors proposes that delivery of shares under LTIP Stay-on 2022 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares. In addition  the board of directors proposes that delivery may also be satisfied through payment of a cash amount that is equal to the value of the Orexo share on the date of vesting less the applicable strike price for any Employee Stock Options.A resolution in accordance with the board of directors' proposal in item 19 shall only be valid where supported by not less than two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting and resolutions in accordance with the board of directors' proposal in items 20  21 and 22 shall only be valid where supported by not less than nine-tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.The shareholders are reminded of their right to request information in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act. The annual report and all other documents  including the nomination committees' motivated statement and the auditor's report pursuant to Chapter 8 Section 54 of the Companies Act  are available at the company's office at Rapsgatan 7E  in Uppsala and at www.orexo.se no later than three weeks before the meeting and will be sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the company of their postal address. This notice is a translation of a Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the both language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  seehttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Uppsala  Sweden March 2022Orexo AB (publ)The board of directorsThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/orexo/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-orexo c3529169The following files are available for download:CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-orexo-301506819.htmlSOURCE Orexo",neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,mixed,0.3,0.41,0.29,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Orexo', 'new performance-based long-term incentive program', 'P.O. Box', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Novo Holdings A/S', 'Berner Møller', 'Swedish Bar Association', 'chief executive officer', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'annual general meeting', 'eight board members', 'other board members', 'new shares', 'executive management', 'other members', 'Brohuvudet AB', 'annual report', 'Thursday 21 April', 'Rapsgatan 7E', 'share register', 'Monday 11 April', 'Wednesday 13 April', 'original document', 'securities institution', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'James Noble', 'Christian Salling', 'Patrik Walldov', 'Anders Walldov', 'Arbejdsmarkedets Tillaegspension', 'Rikard Lindahl', 'Advokatfirman Vinge', 'equal parts', 'deputy members', 'nomination committee', 'audit committee', 'Orexo AB', 'proxy form', 'Such registration', 'indirect holding', 'remuneration committee', 'total number', 'deputy auditors', 'remuneration report', 'total SEK', 'telephone number', 'UPPSALA', 'shareholders', 'reg.', 'facilities', 'Participation', 'intention', 'post', 'telefax', 'mail', 'lena', 'wange', 'notification', 'name', 'daytime', 'assistants', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'attendance', 'nominee', 'bank', 'advance', 'notice', 'company', '34,710,639 votes', 'close', '18th', 'March', 'trading', 'announcement', 'Story', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Speech', 'Presentation', 'work', 'directors', 'committees', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'guidelines', 'authorization', 'LTIP', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'items', 'Claus', '16.00', '382,732', '14.']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1178,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/invitation-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-boliden-ab-publ-301507556.html,Invitation to the Annual General Meeting of Boliden AB (publ),BOLIDEN  Sweden  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ --The shareholders of Boliden AB (publ) (company registration number 556051-4142) are summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  April 28  2022 at 1 p.m. (CET). The Annual General Meeting will b…,"BOLIDEN  Sweden  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ --The shareholders of Boliden AB (publ) (company registration number 556051-4142) are summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  April 28  2022 at 1 p.m. (CET). The Annual General Meeting will be held at Sara kulturhus in Skellefteå  Sweden. The meeting facilities will be open for registration and exhibition from 10 a.m. (CET) and for lunch from 11.30 a.m. (CET).The Board of Directors has decided that the shareholders will be able to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting also in advance (postal voting) in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Association  see below under ""Advance Voting (Postal Voting)"" for further information.ParticipationA) Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxymust be recorded as a shareholder in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden relating to the circumstances on Wednesday  April 20  2022 (see below regarding re-registration of nominee registered shares)  andmust give notice of participation to the company on the company's website  www.boliden.com  by telephone +46 8 32 94 29 or by regular mail to Boliden AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. When giving notice of participation  shareholders shall state their name  identification or registration number  address and telephone number as well as the number of attending assistants (maximum of two). Notice of participation must be received by the company no later than Friday  April 22  2022.B) Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal votingmust be recorded as a shareholder in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden relating to the circumstances on Wednesday  April 20  2022 (see below regarding re-registration of nominee registered shares)  andmust give notice of participation to the company by casting their postal vote so that the postal voting form is received by the company no later than Friday  April 22  2022 (see below under ""Advance Voting (Postal Voting)"" for further information).The information provided in the notice of participation will be processed and used only for the purpose of the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders who wish to participate at the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy must provide a notification of attendance in accordance with item A) under ""Participation"" above. A notification by postal voting only is not sufficient for shareholders wishing to attend the Annual General Meeting at the meeting facilities. A notification to participate at the meeting facilities will be confirmed by an entrance card  which shall be presented in connection with the registration at the Annual General Meeting.Nominee SharesFor shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting (at the meeting facilities or through postal voting). Such shareholder must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date Wednesday  April 20  2022. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration) and the request for such registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been completed by the nominee no later than April 22  2022 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.ProxyShareholders that are represented  or submit their postal vote  by proxy  must issue a power of attorney. A form for power of attorney is available on the company's website www.boliden.com. A power of attorney is valid for one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however not longer than a maximum of five years. A power of attorney issued by a legal person must be accompanied by a certified copy of the legal person's certificate of registration. The certificate of registration shall evidence the circumstances on the date of the Annual General Meeting and should not be older than one year at the time of the Annual General Meeting. Power of attorney  certificate of registration and other documents of authority are submitted by email to [email protected] or by mail to Boliden AB  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23  Stockholm  Sweden  well in advance of the day of the Annual General Meeting.Advance Voting (Postal Voting)A special form must be used for the postal votes. The form is available on the company's website www.boliden.com. Completed forms must be received by Boliden no later than Friday  April 22  2022.The completed postal voting form can be sent by e-mail to [email protected] or by mail to Boliden AB  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via the Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy. Such electronic votes must be submitted no later than April 22  2022. If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a power of attorney for the proxy must be attached to the postal voting form according to instructions under ""Proxy"" above. If the shareholder is a legal person  a copy of a certificate of registration or a corresponding document must be attached to the postal voting form.The shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form. In order to receive the form for postal voting by mail  please contact Euroclear Sweden at telephone +46 8 32 94 29  Monday to Friday between 09.00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m.Proposed AgendaOpening of the Annual General Meeting Election of the Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting register Approval of the agenda Election of two persons to verify the minutes together with the Chairman Determination whether the Meeting has been duly convened Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report as well as the consolidated financial statements and auditor's report for the Group (including the auditor's statement regarding the guidelines for remuneration to the Group Management in effect since the previous Annual General Meeting) Report on the work of the Board of Directors  its Remuneration Committee and its Audit Committee The President's address Report on the audit work during 2021 Resolutions on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet Resolution on appropriation of the company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet and determination of the record date for the right to receive dividend Resolution on discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the President Resolution on the number of Board members and auditors to be appointed by the Annual General Meeting Resolution on fees for the Board of Directors Election of the Members and Chairman of the Board of Directors Resolution on fees for the auditor Election of auditor Resolution on approval of remuneration report Resolution on instruction for the Nomination Committee Election of members of the Nomination Committee Resolution regarding automatic share redemption procedure includinga. share split 2:1b. reduction of the share capital through redemption of sharesc. increase of the share capital through a bonus issue Closing of the Annual General MeetingNomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee of Boliden has consisted of Jan Andersson (Swedbank Robur fonder)  Chairman  Lars-Erik Forsgårdh  Lilian Fossum Biner (Handelsbanken fonder)  Ola Peter Gjessing (Norges Bank Investment Management)  Anders Oscarsson (AMF) and Anders Ullberg (Chairman of the Board of Directors).Election of Chairman (item 2)The Nomination Committee proposes that Anders Ullberg be elected Chairman of the meeting.Resolution on the appropriation of the profit according to the adopted balance sheet and determination of the record date for the dividend (item 12)The Board of Directors proposes a dividend to the shareholders of SEK 10.50 (8.25) per share and that Monday  May 2  2022 shall be the record date for the right to receive dividends. Provided the Annual General Meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed through Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday  May 5  2022. Further distribution of funds to the shareholders of SEK 15.50 per share through an automatic redemption procedure is proposed in accordance with item 22 below.Resolution on the number of Board members and auditors appointed by the Annual General Meeting (item 14)The Nomination Committee proposes the appointment of seven Board members and one registered accounting firm as auditor.Resolution on fees for the Board of Directors (item 15)The Nomination Committee proposes that the Chairman of the Board shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 1 920 000 (1 830 000) and that each of the other Directors not employed by the company shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 640 000 (610 000); that the Chairman of the Audit Committee shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 250 000 (250 000); that each of the Audit Committee members shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 150 000 (150 000); and that both the Chairman and the other member of the Remuneration Committee shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 75 000 (50 000) each.Election of the Members and Chairman of the Board of Directors (item 16)Anders Ullberg and Michael G:son Löw have declined re-election. The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of Helene Biström  Per Lindberg  Perttu Louhiluoto  Elisabeth Nilsson  Pia Rudengren and Karl-Henrik Sundström  and new election of Tomas Eliasson. Tomas Eliasson  born 1962  holds an MSc in Economics and has previously been  among other things  the CFO of Sandvik  Electrolux and Assa Abloy. He has also been nominated as Board Member to the Board of Directors of Millicom International Cellular and Telia Company. The Nomination Committee also proposes new election of Karl-Henrik Sundström as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Resolution on fees for the auditor (item 17)The Nomination Committee proposes that the auditor's fees shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Election of auditor (item 18)The Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee  election of the accounting firm Deloitte AB as auditor for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.Resolution on approval of remuneration report (item 19)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to approve the Board of Directors' report regarding remuneration prepared in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Resolution on instruction for the Nomination Committee (item 20)The Nomination Committee proposes an amendment of the instruction for the Nomination committee to the effect that the Chairman of the Board shall be a co-opted (adjunct) member of the Nomination Committee instead of a regular member  and that no representative of the smaller shareholders is appointed. As a result  the Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on the following instruction for the Nomination Committee  to apply until the General Meeting decides otherwise.The Nomination Committee shall consist of a minimum of three and a maximum of five members. The Annual General Meeting elects three members to the Nomination Committee. These shall represent shareholders that at the end of the month preceding the issue of the notice for the Annual General Meeting are the three largest shareholders and who have consented to participate in the work of the Nomination Committee (""Large Shareholders""). The Chairman of the Board of Directors is a co-opted (adjunct) member of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee shall select a Chairman within the members at its inaugural meeting.In order to replace resigning members or to more accurately reflect the shareholder structure  the Nomination Committee may offer other larger shareholders to be represented on the Committee. If such offer is made  it shall be directed in order of priority to the next largest shareholder who is not already represented on the Committee.If a member represents a Large Shareholder who has divested the majority of its holding in the company and who thus subsequently no longer represents any of the five largest shareholders  the Nomination Committee shall resolve whether such member shall continue or resign from the Nomination Committee.If a Large Shareholder wishes to replace its representative on the Nomination Committee  notification thereof shall be sent to the Chairman of the Nomination Committee.The company shall publish changes in the composition of the Nomination Committee as soon as a change has occurred.The Nomination Committee shall act in the best interest of all shareholders and submit proposals to Annual General Meeting or  where applicable  to Extraordinary General Meetings  with respect to:Chairman at the Annual General Meetingnumber of Board membersBoard members and Chairman of the Boardfees to the Board of Directors  allocated between the Chairman and other Board membersfees for committee workauditorsfees to the company's auditorappointment of Nomination Committee membersNo compensation shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee. However  the company shall bear reasonable costs necessary for the performance of the assignment of the Nomination Committee.Election of members of the Nomination Committee (item 21)The Nomination Committee proposes that Lennart Franke (Swedbank Robur fonder)  Karin Eliasson (Handelsbanken fonder) and Patrik Jönsson (SEB fonder) are appointed as Nomination Committee members.Resolution regarding automatic share redemption procedure including a) share split 2:1  b) reduction of the share capital through redemption of shares and c) increase of the share capital through a bonus issue (item 22)BackgroundBoliden has generated substantial cash flows over the past year and the financial position is strong. At the end of the year  the net debt/equity ratio was minus 2 per cent  which means that the balance sheet is stronger than Boliden's target of about 20 per cent at economic peaks. The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on an automatic share redemption  which will not jeopardise the ability to handle any deterioration in market terms nor the ability to finance additional growth. Through this  each existing share is split into two shares (share split 2:1)  whereof one of those shares will automatically be redeemed at SEK 15.50. In addition to the proposed ordinary dividend of approximately SEK 2 872 million  approximately SEK 4 239 million will be distributed to the shareholders through this procedure. The dividend and the redemption amount to a total of approximately SEK 7 111 million  or SEK 26.00 per share. To achieve a quick and efficient redemption procedure the Board further proposes that the company's share capital is restored to its current amount by means of a bonus issue. In view hereof  the Board proposes that the meeting resolves in accordance with the following proposal.22 a) share split 2:1The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a share split 2:1  meaning that each existing share is divided into two shares  of which one is to be referred to as redemption share in the Euroclear system and be redeemed in the manner described under item b) below. The suggested record date at Euroclear for the share split is May 12  2022. The last trading day for the company's shares including the right to receive redemption shares will therefore be May 10  2022 and the first trading day for the company's shares excluding the right to receive redemption shares will be May 11  2022. After the share split  the number of shares in the company will increase from 273 511 169 to 547 022 338  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 1.06.22 b) reduction of the share capital through redemption of sharesThe Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company's share capital shall be reduced by SEK 289 457 169 (the reduction amount) for repayment to the shareholders. The reduction of the share capital will be made by means of redemption of 273 511 169 shares.The shares to be redeemed shall be those shares that  after the share split in accordance with item a) above  are referred to as redemption shares in the Euroclear system  whereby the record date for the right to receive redemption shares according to item a) above is May 12  2022. Trading in the redemption shares is estimated to take place as from May 13  2022 up to June 3  2022.For each redeemed share a redemption amount of SEK 15.50 will be paid in cash  of which approximately SEK 14.44 exceeds the quota value of the share. The total redemption amount is estimated to SEK 4 239 423 119.50. In addition to the reduction amount of SEK 289 457 169  an estimated amount of SEK 3 949 965 950.50 will be distributed  by use of the company's non-restricted equity. The record date for the right to receive the redemption amount is proposed to be June 8  2022. Payment of the redemption amount is estimated to be made by Euroclear on June 13  2022.Following the reduction  the company's share capital will amount to SEK 289 457 169  allocated on in total 273 511 169 shares  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 1.06. Apart from the reduction of the share capital  the company's restricted equity will not be affected.Pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13  fourth paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board hereby states the following.It follows from the proposal on reduction of share capital that the Board proposes that the company's share capital shall be reduced by SEK 289 457 169 through redemption of 273 511 169 shares  for repayment to the shareholders.To achieve a quick and efficient redemption procedure without the requirement of obtaining the Swedish Companies Registration Office's or a general court's permission  the Board has also proposed that the Annual General Meeting resolves on restoring the company's share capital to its current amount by increasing the share capital with SEK 289 457 169 by way of a bonus issue without issuance of new shares. The amount is to be transferred from the company's non-restricted equity to the company's share capital  in accordance with item c) below.Through the reduction of the share capital for repayment to the shareholders  the company's share capital is reduced by SEK 289 457 169 and through the bonus issue the company's share capital is increased by the same amount. The company's restricted equity and share capital will therefore remain unchanged after the implementation of the bonus issue22 c) increase of the share capital through a bonus issueFurther  to achieve a quick and efficient redemption procedure without the requirement of obtaining the Swedish Companies Registration Office's or a general court's permission  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a bonus issue to increase the company's share capital by SEK 289 457 169  to SEK 578 914 338  through a transfer of SEK 289 457 169 from the company's non-restricted equity. No new shares are to be issued in connection with the bonus issue.The number of shares in the company will  after implementation of the increase of the share capital  be 273 511 169  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 2.12.-------------------The resolutions by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with items a) – c) above are conditional upon each other and shall therefore be adopted as one resolution. In order for the resolution by the Annual General Meeting to be valid  the resolution must be approved by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Finally  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the company's President to make the minor adjustments to the resolutions in this item 22 that may be required in connection with the registration of the resolutions with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear.The Board's statement pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act as well as the Auditor's statements pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 8 and Section 14 of the Swedish Companies Act are provided separately.A separate information brochure regarding the proposed automatic share redemption procedure in accordance with this item will be provided before the Annual General Meeting.Shares and VotesThe company's share capital amounts to SEK 578 914 338 distributed among 273 511 169 shares and votes. The company holds no own shares.Further InformationInformation regarding all the proposed Board members of Boliden AB and the Nomination Committee's motivated statement are available on the company's website www.boliden.com.The annual report and the auditor's report  the auditor's statement on compliance with the guidelines for remuneration  etc. for the Group Management  the auditor's statements in accordance with Chapter 20  Section 8 and Chapter 20  Section 14 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board's motivated statement in accordance with Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 20  Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act  and the Board's remuneration report  are available on www.boliden.com and at the company's head office  Klarabergsviadukten 90 in Stockholm  Sweden  as of Thursday  April 7  2022. The documents may also be ordered from the company.Shareholders' right to informationThe Board of Directors and the President shall  if requested by a shareholder and if the Board deems that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may influence the assessment of either an item on the agenda  or the company's or a subsidiary's financial situation or the company's relation to another group company. Those who wish to pose questions in advance may submit these to Boliden AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or via e-mail to: [email protected].Processing of personal dataFor information on how personal data is processed in connection with the Annual General Meeting  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Stockholm  March 2022Boliden AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Klas Nilsson  Director Group Communications  phone: +46 70-453 65 88Mail: [email protected]Boliden is a metals company with a focus on sustainable development. Our roots are Nordic  our market global. Our core competence lies within the fields of exploration  mining  smelting and metal recycling. Boliden has around 6 000 employees and an annual turnover of around SEK 70 billion. The share is listed in the Large Cap segment on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/boliden/r/invitation-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-boliden-ab--publ- c3529577The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/997/3529577/1551745.pdf Press release (PDF)SOURCE Boliden",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.3,0.68,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Boliden AB', 'Invitation', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'P.O. Box', 'Voting rights registrations', 'longer time period', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'nominee registered shares', 'postal voting form', 'meeting facilities', 'company registration number', 'postal vote', 'Sara kulturhus', 'share register', 'attending assistants', 'entrance card', 'Such re-registration', 'one year', 'five years', 'certified copy', 'other documents', 'special form', 'Completed forms', 'BankID vi', 'Boliden AB', 'Advance Voting', 'Nominee Shares', 'other nominee', 'record date', 'issue date', 'telephone number', 'legal person', 'regular mail', 'Such shareholder', 'votes', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Thursday', 'April', 'CET', 'Skellefteå', 'exhibition', '10 a', 'lunch', '11.30 a', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'Association', 'information', 'Participation', 'proxy', 'circumstances', 'Wednesday', 'notice', 'website', 'Stockholm', 'name', 'identification', 'address', 'maximum', 'Friday', 'purpose', 'notification', 'attendance', 'item', 'connection', 'order', 'request', 'routines', 'account', 'preparation', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'authority', 'email', 'AGM', 'SE-101', 'verification']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,prnewswire.com
1179,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/annual-general-meeting-in-alfa-laval-ab-publ-301507943.html,Annual General Meeting in Alfa Laval AB (publ),LUND  Sweden  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Alfa Laval AB (publ) (Registration number 556587-8054 and registered office in Lund) are given notice to the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday  April 26  2022 The Annual General Meeting of Alfa …,LUND  Sweden  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Alfa Laval AB (publ) (Registration number 556587-8054 and registered office in Lund) are given notice to the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday  April 26  2022The Annual General Meeting of Alfa Laval AB will be held on Tuesday  April 26  2022  at 4.00 p.m. CET at Scandic Star Lund  Gastelyckan  Glimmervägen 5  Lund  Sweden. Registration starts at 3.30 p.m. Coffee will be served at the venue from 3.00 p.m.Alfa Laval follows the guidelines on the Covid-19 Pandemic issued by the Swedish Public Health Organization at any given time. Any changes that will affect the general meeting will be published on Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/. Shareholders showing any symptoms are kindly requested to refrain from attending the general meeting in person.The company's CEO presentation will be published on Alfa Laval's website http://www.alfalaval.se/investerare/ after the general meeting.Right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and notice of participationA shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting mustbe recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on April 14  2022   and notice participation as follows below.A shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by advance voting must notify its intention to participate in the general meeting by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Advance Voting below  so that the advance vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than April 20  2022 .must notify its intention to participate in the general meeting by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading below  so that the advance vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than . A shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy  must notify participation at the latest April 20  2022   to Euroclear Sweden AB. Notification of participation can either be made by phone to +46 8 402 91 98  Monday to Friday 9: 00 a.m. to 4.00 p.m.   or on the website https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy . Please state  name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying advisor(s) (maximum two).Nominee-registered sharesIn addition to providing notification of participation as described above  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on April 14  2022. The registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures. This means that the shareholder must notify the nominee in ample time. Voting right registrations completed no later than the second banking day after April 14  2022  is considered when preparing the register of shareholders.Advance VotingA special form for advance voting (postal voting) must be used. The form is available on Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/ under information about the Annual General Meeting. The completed voting form can either be sent by email to [email protected] or by mail to Alfa Laval AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. The advance vote must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than April 20  2022. A shareholder can also exercise its voting right electronically through Bank-ID verification. Further instructions can be found at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy . A shareholder who casts its advance vote electronically must submit the vote no later than April 20  2022. No special instructions  conditions  or other additions may be provided to the advance vote. An advance voting form containing any special instructions or conditions will make the vote invalid in its entirety. For further instructions and conditions  please see the form for advance voting.If a shareholder votes in advance as well as notifies its participation at the venue in person  the advance vote remains valid to the extent that the shareholder does not participate in a voting during the general meeting or otherwise withdraws the submitted advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting during the general meeting  the cast vote will replace the previously submitted advance vote on the item in question.For any questions regarding the advance voting or to request a voting form sent by mail  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB on telephone +46 8 402 91 98 (Monday to Friday 9.00 a.m. to 4.00 p.m.).Proxy etc.Shareholders who vote in advance by proxy must enclose a written and dated proxy together with the completed voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority must be enclosed as well.If a shareholder is represented by a proxy at the venue  a written and dated proxy  as well as a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority  should be sent by mail to Alfa Laval AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm well in advance of the general meeting and must otherwise be brought to the general meeting.A proxy form is available at Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the Annual General Meeting.2. Election of Chairman for the general meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting register.4. Approval of the agenda for the general meeting.5. Election of one or two persons to attest the minutes.6. Determination whether the general meeting has been duly convened.7. Statement by the CEO.8. Presentation of the annual report and the Auditor's report  as well as the consolidated annual report and the Auditor's report for the group  and the Auditor's report regarding compliance with the applicable Executive Remuneration Policy.9. Resolution ona. the adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b. allocation of the company's profit according to the adopted balance sheet  and record date for distribution of profits; andc. discharge from liability for members of the Board of Directors and the CEO.10. Presentation of the Board of Directors' remuneration report for approval.11. Determination of the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the general meeting as well as the number of Auditors and deputy Auditors.12. Determination of compensation to the Board of Directors and the Auditors.13. Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors  other members of the Board of Directors and deputy members of the Board of Directors  as well as Auditors and deputy Auditors.14. Resolution on reduction of the share capital by cancellation of shares in the company and on increase of the share capital through a bonus issue.15. Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to decide on purchase of shares in the company.16. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Proposed resolutionsItem 2The Nomination Committee proposes that the Chairman of the Board of Directors  Dennis Jönsson  is appointed Chairman of the 2022 Annual General Meeting.Item 9 (b)The Board of Directors proposes a distribution of profits in an amount of SEK 6 per share for 2021. Record date for the right to receive dividend is proposed to be April 28  2022. If the general meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  Euroclear Sweden AB is expected to pay the dividend on May 3  2022.Item 11 -13The Nomination Committee proposes as follows.Item 11: The number of members of the Board of Directors  who are elected by the general meeting  is proposed to be reduced by one person and thus consist of eight elected members with no deputies. Both the number of Auditors and the number of deputy Auditors are proposed to be two.Item 12: The compensation to the Board of Directors is proposed to be SEK 6 345 000 (SEK 6 770 000). The compensation is to be distributed among the members of the Board who are elected by the general meeting and not employed by the company  as follows:Chairman of the Board of Directors SEK 1 900 000(SEK 1 850 000) Other members of the Board of Directors SEK 635 000(SEK 615 000)In addition to the above proposed compensation  it is also proposed that additional compensation shall be distributed to the elected members of the Board who also hold a position in any of the Committees as follows below:Additional compensation to the Chairman of the Audit Committee SEK 300 000(SEK 250 000) Additional compensation to other members of the Audit Committee SEK 150 000 (SEK 150 000) Additional compensation to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee SEK 75 000 (SEK 75 000) Additional compensation to other members of the Remuneration Committee SEK 75 000 (SEK 75 000)Bracketed figures refer to compensation for year 2021. Please note that the total amount proposed for 2022 includes compensation for eight members of the Board compared to nine members in 2021.Compensation to the Auditors is proposed to be paid as per approved invoice.Item 13: The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Lilian Fossum Biner  Maria Moræus Hanssen  Dennis Jönsson  Henrik Lange  Ray Mauritsson  Finn Rausing  Jörn Rausing and Ulf Wiinberg  for the time up to the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023. Dennis Jönsson is proposed to be re-appointed as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Information on all members proposed as Board members and the Nomination Committee's reasoned statement are available at Alfa Laval's website  https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/ .In accordance with the Remuneration Committee's recommendation  the Nomination Committee proposes that the authorized public accountants Staffan Landén and Karoline Tedevall are re-elected as the company's Auditors for the forthcoming year  thus for the time up to the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023. The Nomination Committee further proposes that the authorized public accountants Henrik Jonzén and Andreas Mast are re-elected as the company's deputy Auditors for the forthcoming year  thus for the time up to the end of the 2023 Annual General Meeting.Item 14The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to reduce the share capital by cancellation of the 5 579 492 shares that currently have been repurchased under Alfa Laval AB's share buy-back program. The Board of Directors proposes that the reduction amount is transferred to the company's non-restricted equity  whereby the share capital is reduced by SEK 14 854 300.To restore the share capital after the reduction of the share capital  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting simultaneously resolves to increase the share capital by SEK 14 854 300 by way of a bonus issue without issuing new shares. The reduction amount is proposed to be transferred from the company's non-restricted equity.The Board of Director's report in accordance with Chapter 20  Section 13 of the Swedish Companies Act:The effect of the Board of Directors' proposal on reduction of the share capital is that the company's share capital and restricted equity will be reduced by SEK 14 854 300. The effect of the Board of Directors' proposal regarding increase of the share capital by way of a bonus issue is that the share capital and restricted equity will be increased by SEK 14 854 300. Thus  the combined effect is that neither the company's share capital nor the restricted equity is reduced. The auditors' statement in accordance with Chapter 20  Section 14 of the Swedish companies Act is included in the material for the Annual General Meeting.Item 15The Board of Directors proposes authorization to the Board of Directors to decide to purchase shares in the company as follows.The Board of Directors is authorized  during a period up until the Annual General Meeting 2023  to purchase shares in the company on as many occasions as it deems appropriate  however  only to the extent that the company's holding at no time exceeds five percent of the shares in the company that are not repurchased. Purchase shall be made on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price per share within the prevailing price interval. The purpose of the authorization is to give the Board the possibility to adjust the capital structure of the company until the next Annual General Meeting  after which the Board intends to propose that repurchased shares are cancelled and that a corresponding bonus issue of shares is initiated to restore the size of the share capital.Available documentsThe annual report and other basis for the resolutions  including the Nomination Committee's proposals and its reasoned statement  will be available on the company's website  www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/  no later than April 5  2022.Number of shares and votes in the companyAt the date of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in the company is 419 456 315. All shares are of the same class. Alfa Laval's holding of own shares amounts to 5 579 492 shares as of March 18  2022.Information at the Annual General MeetingThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and if the Board of Directors considers that this is possible without significant harm to the company  give information on circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the financial situation of the company or its subsidiaries and the company's relationship with another group company.Processing of personal dataFor information regarding the company's processing of personal data and shareholders rights  please see the Privacy Policy at: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf or contact the company at the following email address: [email protected].Lund  March 2022ALFA LAVAL AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsAlfa LavalBox 73 221 00 LUND+46 46 36 65 00+46 46 30 50 90http://www.alfalaval.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/alfa-laval/r/annual-general-meeting-in-alfa-laval-ab--publ- c3529881The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/905/3529881/1551936.pdf Notice to attend AGM 2022SOURCE Alfa Laval,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.02,0.15,0.83,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Alfa Laval AB', 'Swedish Public Health Organization', 'accompanying advisor(s', 'second banking day', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Alfa Laval AB', 'Scandic Star Lund', 'corporate registration number', 'voting right registration', 'advance voting form', 'Glimmervägen', 'Covid-19 Pandemic', 'CEO presentation', 'right registrations', 'postal voting', 'Bank-ID verification', 'other additions', 'legal entity', 'special form', 'cast vote', 'advance vote', 'share register', 'telephone number', 'ample time', 'Further instructions', 'special instructions', 'equivalent certificate', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'latest April', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'office', 'notice', 'Tuesday', 'CET', 'Gastelyckan', 'Coffee', 'venue', 'guidelines', 'changes', 'website', 'alfalaval', 'investors', 'corporate-governance', 'symptoms', 'person', 'participation', 'circumstances', 'intention', 'accordance', 'heading', 'proxy', 'Notification', 'Friday', '9: 00 a', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'state', 'name', 'address', 'procedures', 'information', 'email', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'extent', 'item', 'question', 'Monday', '9.00 a', 'written', 'dated', 'incorporation', 'authority', '4.00', '3.30', '3.00']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,prnewswire.com
1180,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.wjhg.com/prnewswire/2022/03/22/invitation-annual-general-meeting-boliden-ab-publ/,Invitation to the Annual General Meeting of Boliden AB (publ),,"BOLIDEN  Sweden  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ --The shareholders of Boliden AB (publ) (company registration number 556051-4142) are summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  April 28  2022 at 1 p.m. (CET). The Annual General Meeting will be held at Sara kulturhus in Skellefteå  Sweden. The meeting facilities will be open for registration and exhibition from 10 a.m. (CET) and for lunch from 11.30 a.m. (CET).The Board of Directors has decided that the shareholders will be able to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting also in advance (postal voting) in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Association  see below under ""Advance Voting (Postal Voting)"" for further information.ParticipationA) Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxymust be recorded as a shareholder in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden relating to the circumstances on Wednesday  April 20  2022 (see below regarding re-registration of nominee registered shares)  andmust give notice of participation to the company on the company's website  www.boliden.com  by telephone +46 8 32 94 29 or by regular mail to Boliden AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. When giving notice of participation  shareholders shall state their name  identification or registration number  address and telephone number as well as the number of attending assistants (maximum of two). Notice of participation must be received by the company no later than Friday  April 22  2022.B) Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal votingmust be recorded as a shareholder in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden relating to the circumstances on Wednesday  April 20  2022 (see below regarding re-registration of nominee registered shares)  andmust give notice of participation to the company by casting their postal vote so that the postal voting form is received by the company no later than Friday  April 22  2022 (see below under ""Advance Voting (Postal Voting)"" for further information).The information provided in the notice of participation will be processed and used only for the purpose of the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders who wish to participate at the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy must provide a notification of attendance in accordance with item A) under ""Participation"" above. A notification by postal voting only is not sufficient for shareholders wishing to attend the Annual General Meeting at the meeting facilities. A notification to participate at the meeting facilities will be confirmed by an entrance card  which shall be presented in connection with the registration at the Annual General Meeting.Nominee SharesFor shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting (at the meeting facilities or through postal voting). Such shareholder must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date Wednesday  April 20  2022. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration) and the request for such registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been completed by the nominee no later than April 22  2022 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.ProxyShareholders that are represented  or submit their postal vote  by proxy  must issue a power of attorney. A form for power of attorney is available on the company's website www.boliden.com. A power of attorney is valid for one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however not longer than a maximum of five years. A power of attorney issued by a legal person must be accompanied by a certified copy of the legal person's certificate of registration. The certificate of registration shall evidence the circumstances on the date of the Annual General Meeting and should not be older than one year at the time of the Annual General Meeting. Power of attorney  certificate of registration and other documents of authority are submitted by email to GeneralMeetingServices@euroclear.com or by mail to Boliden AB  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23  Stockholm  Sweden  well in advance of the day of the Annual General Meeting.Advance Voting (Postal Voting)A special form must be used for the postal votes. The form is available on the company's website www.boliden.com. Completed forms must be received by Boliden no later than Friday  April 22  2022.The completed postal voting form can be sent by e-mail to GeneralMeetingServices@euroclear.com or by mail to Boliden AB  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via the Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy. Such electronic votes must be submitted no later than April 22  2022. If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a power of attorney for the proxy must be attached to the postal voting form according to instructions under ""Proxy"" above. If the shareholder is a legal person  a copy of a certificate of registration or a corresponding document must be attached to the postal voting form.The shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form. In order to receive the form for postal voting by mail  please contact Euroclear Sweden at telephone +46 8 32 94 29  Monday to Friday between 09.00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m.Proposed AgendaOpening of the Annual General Meeting Election of the Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting register Approval of the agenda Election of two persons to verify the minutes together with the Chairman Determination whether the Meeting has been duly convened Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report as well as the consolidated financial statements and auditor's report for the Group (including the auditor's statement regarding the guidelines for remuneration to the Group Management in effect since the previous Annual General Meeting) Report on the work of the Board of Directors  its Remuneration Committee and its Audit Committee The President's address Report on the audit work during 2021 Resolutions on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet Resolution on appropriation of the company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet and determination of the record date for the right to receive dividend Resolution on discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the President Resolution on the number of Board members and auditors to be appointed by the Annual General Meeting Resolution on fees for the Board of Directors Election of the Members and Chairman of the Board of Directors Resolution on fees for the auditor Election of auditor Resolution on approval of remuneration report Resolution on instruction for the Nomination Committee Election of members of the Nomination Committee Resolution regarding automatic share redemption procedure includinga. share split 2:1b. reduction of the share capital through redemption of sharesc. increase of the share capital through a bonus issue Closing of the Annual General MeetingNomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee of Boliden has consisted of Jan Andersson (Swedbank Robur fonder)  Chairman  Lars-Erik Forsgårdh  Lilian Fossum Biner (Handelsbanken fonder)  Ola Peter Gjessing (Norges Bank Investment Management)  Anders Oscarsson (AMF) and Anders Ullberg (Chairman of the Board of Directors).Election of Chairman (item 2)The Nomination Committee proposes that Anders Ullberg be elected Chairman of the meeting.Resolution on the appropriation of the profit according to the adopted balance sheet and determination of the record date for the dividend (item 12)The Board of Directors proposes a dividend to the shareholders of SEK 10.50 (8.25) per share and that Monday  May 2  2022 shall be the record date for the right to receive dividends. Provided the Annual General Meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed through Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday  May 5  2022. Further distribution of funds to the shareholders of SEK 15.50 per share through an automatic redemption procedure is proposed in accordance with item 22 below.Resolution on the number of Board members and auditors appointed by the Annual General Meeting (item 14)The Nomination Committee proposes the appointment of seven Board members and one registered accounting firm as auditor.Resolution on fees for the Board of Directors (item 15)The Nomination Committee proposes that the Chairman of the Board shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 1 920 000 (1 830 000) and that each of the other Directors not employed by the company shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 640 000 (610 000); that the Chairman of the Audit Committee shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 250 000 (250 000); that each of the Audit Committee members shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 150 000 (150 000); and that both the Chairman and the other member of the Remuneration Committee shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 75 000 (50 000) each.Election of the Members and Chairman of the Board of Directors (item 16)Anders Ullberg and Michael G:son Löw have declined re-election. The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of Helene Biström  Per Lindberg  Perttu Louhiluoto  Elisabeth Nilsson  Pia Rudengren and Karl-Henrik Sundström  and new election of Tomas Eliasson. Tomas Eliasson  born 1962  holds an MSc in Economics and has previously been  among other things  the CFO of Sandvik  Electrolux and Assa Abloy. He has also been nominated as Board Member to the Board of Directors of Millicom International Cellular and Telia Company. The Nomination Committee also proposes new election of Karl-Henrik Sundström as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Resolution on fees for the auditor (item 17)The Nomination Committee proposes that the auditor's fees shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Election of auditor (item 18)The Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee  election of the accounting firm Deloitte AB as auditor for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.Resolution on approval of remuneration report (item 19)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to approve the Board of Directors' report regarding remuneration prepared in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Resolution on instruction for the Nomination Committee (item 20)The Nomination Committee proposes an amendment of the instruction for the Nomination committee to the effect that the Chairman of the Board shall be a co-opted (adjunct) member of the Nomination Committee instead of a regular member  and that no representative of the smaller shareholders is appointed. As a result  the Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on the following instruction for the Nomination Committee  to apply until the General Meeting decides otherwise.The Nomination Committee shall consist of a minimum of three and a maximum of five members. The Annual General Meeting elects three members to the Nomination Committee. These shall represent shareholders that at the end of the month preceding the issue of the notice for the Annual General Meeting are the three largest shareholders and who have consented to participate in the work of the Nomination Committee (""Large Shareholders""). The Chairman of the Board of Directors is a co-opted (adjunct) member of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee shall select a Chairman within the members at its inaugural meeting.In order to replace resigning members or to more accurately reflect the shareholder structure  the Nomination Committee may offer other larger shareholders to be represented on the Committee. If such offer is made  it shall be directed in order of priority to the next largest shareholder who is not already represented on the Committee.If a member represents a Large Shareholder who has divested the majority of its holding in the company and who thus subsequently no longer represents any of the five largest shareholders  the Nomination Committee shall resolve whether such member shall continue or resign from the Nomination Committee.If a Large Shareholder wishes to replace its representative on the Nomination Committee  notification thereof shall be sent to the Chairman of the Nomination Committee.The company shall publish changes in the composition of the Nomination Committee as soon as a change has occurred.The Nomination Committee shall act in the best interest of all shareholders and submit proposals to Annual General Meeting or  where applicable  to Extraordinary General Meetings  with respect to:Chairman at the Annual General Meetingnumber of Board membersBoard members and Chairman of the Boardfees to the Board of Directors  allocated between the Chairman and other Board membersfees for committee workauditorsfees to the company's auditorappointment of Nomination Committee membersNo compensation shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee. However  the company shall bear reasonable costs necessary for the performance of the assignment of the Nomination Committee.Election of members of the Nomination Committee (item 21)The Nomination Committee proposes that Lennart Franke (Swedbank Robur fonder)  Karin Eliasson (Handelsbanken fonder) and Patrik Jönsson (SEB fonder) are appointed as Nomination Committee members.Resolution regarding automatic share redemption procedure including a) share split 2:1  b) reduction of the share capital through redemption of shares and c) increase of the share capital through a bonus issue (item 22)BackgroundBoliden has generated substantial cash flows over the past year and the financial position is strong. At the end of the year  the net debt/equity ratio was minus 2 per cent  which means that the balance sheet is stronger than Boliden's target of about 20 per cent at economic peaks. The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on an automatic share redemption  which will not jeopardise the ability to handle any deterioration in market terms nor the ability to finance additional growth. Through this  each existing share is split into two shares (share split 2:1)  whereof one of those shares will automatically be redeemed at SEK 15.50. In addition to the proposed ordinary dividend of approximately SEK 2 872 million  approximately SEK 4 239 million will be distributed to the shareholders through this procedure. The dividend and the redemption amount to a total of approximately SEK 7 111 million  or SEK 26.00 per share. To achieve a quick and efficient redemption procedure the Board further proposes that the company's share capital is restored to its current amount by means of a bonus issue. In view hereof  the Board proposes that the meeting resolves in accordance with the following proposal.22 a) share split 2:1The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a share split 2:1  meaning that each existing share is divided into two shares  of which one is to be referred to as redemption share in the Euroclear system and be redeemed in the manner described under item b) below. The suggested record date at Euroclear for the share split is May 12  2022. The last trading day for the company's shares including the right to receive redemption shares will therefore be May 10  2022 and the first trading day for the company's shares excluding the right to receive redemption shares will be May 11  2022. After the share split  the number of shares in the company will increase from 273 511 169 to 547 022 338  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 1.06.22 b) reduction of the share capital through redemption of sharesThe Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company's share capital shall be reduced by SEK 289 457 169 (the reduction amount) for repayment to the shareholders. The reduction of the share capital will be made by means of redemption of 273 511 169 shares.The shares to be redeemed shall be those shares that  after the share split in accordance with item a) above  are referred to as redemption shares in the Euroclear system  whereby the record date for the right to receive redemption shares according to item a) above is May 12  2022. Trading in the redemption shares is estimated to take place as from May 13  2022 up to June 3  2022.For each redeemed share a redemption amount of SEK 15.50 will be paid in cash  of which approximately SEK 14.44 exceeds the quota value of the share. The total redemption amount is estimated to SEK 4 239 423 119.50. In addition to the reduction amount of SEK 289 457 169  an estimated amount of SEK 3 949 965 950.50 will be distributed  by use of the company's non-restricted equity. The record date for the right to receive the redemption amount is proposed to be June 8  2022. Payment of the redemption amount is estimated to be made by Euroclear on June 13  2022.Following the reduction  the company's share capital will amount to SEK 289 457 169  allocated on in total 273 511 169 shares  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 1.06. Apart from the reduction of the share capital  the company's restricted equity will not be affected.Pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13  fourth paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board hereby states the following.It follows from the proposal on reduction of share capital that the Board proposes that the company's share capital shall be reduced by SEK 289 457 169 through redemption of 273 511 169 shares  for repayment to the shareholders.To achieve a quick and efficient redemption procedure without the requirement of obtaining the Swedish Companies Registration Office's or a general court's permission  the Board has also proposed that the Annual General Meeting resolves on restoring the company's share capital to its current amount by increasing the share capital with SEK 289 457 169 by way of a bonus issue without issuance of new shares. The amount is to be transferred from the company's non-restricted equity to the company's share capital  in accordance with item c) below.Through the reduction of the share capital for repayment to the shareholders  the company's share capital is reduced by SEK 289 457 169 and through the bonus issue the company's share capital is increased by the same amount. The company's restricted equity and share capital will therefore remain unchanged after the implementation of the bonus issue22 c) increase of the share capital through a bonus issueFurther  to achieve a quick and efficient redemption procedure without the requirement of obtaining the Swedish Companies Registration Office's or a general court's permission  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a bonus issue to increase the company's share capital by SEK 289 457 169  to SEK 578 914 338  through a transfer of SEK 289 457 169 from the company's non-restricted equity. No new shares are to be issued in connection with the bonus issue.The number of shares in the company will  after implementation of the increase of the share capital  be 273 511 169  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 2.12.-------------------The resolutions by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with items a) – c) above are conditional upon each other and shall therefore be adopted as one resolution. In order for the resolution by the Annual General Meeting to be valid  the resolution must be approved by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Finally  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the company's President to make the minor adjustments to the resolutions in this item 22 that may be required in connection with the registration of the resolutions with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear.The Board's statement pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act as well as the Auditor's statements pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 8 and Section 14 of the Swedish Companies Act are provided separately.A separate information brochure regarding the proposed automatic share redemption procedure in accordance with this item will be provided before the Annual General Meeting.Shares and VotesThe company's share capital amounts to SEK 578 914 338 distributed among 273 511 169 shares and votes. The company holds no own shares.Further InformationInformation regarding all the proposed Board members of Boliden AB and the Nomination Committee's motivated statement are available on the company's website www.boliden.com.The annual report and the auditor's report  the auditor's statement on compliance with the guidelines for remuneration  etc. for the Group Management  the auditor's statements in accordance with Chapter 20  Section 8 and Chapter 20  Section 14 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board's motivated statement in accordance with Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 20  Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act  and the Board's remuneration report  are available on www.boliden.com and at the company's head office  Klarabergsviadukten 90 in Stockholm  Sweden  as of Thursday  April 7  2022. The documents may also be ordered from the company.Shareholders' right to informationThe Board of Directors and the President shall  if requested by a shareholder and if the Board deems that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may influence the assessment of either an item on the agenda  or the company's or a subsidiary's financial situation or the company's relation to another group company. Those who wish to pose questions in advance may submit these to Boliden AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or via e-mail to: arsstamma@boliden.com.Processing of personal dataFor information on how personal data is processed in connection with the Annual General Meeting  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Stockholm  March 2022Boliden AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Klas Nilsson  Director Group Communications  phone: +46 70-453 65 88Mail: klas.nilsson@boliden.comBoliden is a metals company with a focus on sustainable development. Our roots are Nordic  our market global. Our core competence lies within the fields of exploration  mining  smelting and metal recycling. Boliden has around 6 000 employees and an annual turnover of around SEK 70 billion. The share is listed in the Large Cap segment on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/997/3529577/1551745.pdf Press release (PDF)View original content:SOURCE Boliden",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.3,0.68,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Boliden AB', 'Invitation', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'P.O. Box', 'Voting rights registrations', 'longer time period', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'nominee registered shares', 'postal voting form', 'meeting facilities', 'company registration number', 'postal vote', 'Sara kulturhus', 'share register', 'attending assistants', 'entrance card', 'Such re-registration', 'one year', 'five years', 'certified copy', 'other documents', 'special form', 'Completed forms', 'Boliden AB', 'Advance Voting', 'Nominee Shares', 'other nominee', 'record date', 'issue date', 'telephone number', 'legal person', 'regular mail', 'Such shareholder', 'votes', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Thursday', 'April', 'CET', 'Skellefteå', 'exhibition', '10 a', 'lunch', '11.30 a', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'Association', 'information', 'Participation', 'proxy', 'circumstances', 'Wednesday', 'notice', 'website', 'Stockholm', 'name', 'identification', 'address', 'maximum', 'Friday', 'purpose', 'notification', 'attendance', 'item', 'connection', 'bank', 'order', 'request', 'routines', 'account', 'preparation', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'authority', 'email', 'GeneralMeetingServices', 'AGM']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,wjhg.com
1181,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.ledgerinsights.com/euroclear-invests-in-fnality-blockchain-based-synthetic-cbdc/,Euroclear invests in Fnality  blockchain-based synthetic CBDC,1 day ago,Today Euroclear announced it has invested in Fnality  the regulated blockchain payments consortium formerly known as the Utility Settlement Coin (USC) and owned by 16 financial institutions  including Nasdaq  BNY Mellon  State Street  and UBS. Euroclear operates Central Securities Depositories (CSDs) across Europe  including Belgium  Finland  France  Ireland  the Netherlands  Sweden  and the United Kingdom.In October  Fnality plans to launch its first payment currency with pounds sterling deposited at the Bank of England. That makes it a so-called wholesale synthetic central bank digital currency (CBDC) where the purpose is for institutions to use it for settlement  especially for blockchain-based transactions.This kind of tokenized cash is sometimes seen as the missing piece of the puzzle for many DLT systems that aim to enable faster  more efficient securities transactions with lower risk. Tokenized money enables same-day securities settlement (T0)  whether for stocks  bonds or funds  reducing post-trade risks and creating new opportunities such as intraday FX swaps and intraday liquidity savings.While Euroclear has a UK presence which is regulated by the Bank of England  the bulk of its activities are in the EU. With the organization on board  we’d speculate this might help towards paving the way for Fnality potentially to get authorized by the European Central Bank (ECB).Before Euroclear joined  just four out of the fifteen Fnality member institutions were from the EU. The timing might be opportune  as the EU DLT pilot regime for securities – a large scale sandbox for tokenized securities and settlement – is likely to start at the end of this year. It’s a topic that Euroclear mentioned.“We are pleased to be working with Fnality and our clients in shaping a cutting-edge solution on wholesale digital cash and digital securities settlement for the benefit of the whole industry ” Lieve Mostrey  CEO Euroclear Group.Ahead of Fnality’s October UK launch  Natwest and Santander participated in a trial payment for a security issuance. The Fnality concept has been in development since 2016  but its launch path was accelerated by a 2021 decision from the Bank of England to allow omnibus central bank accounts that co-mingle funds from different institutions. This kind of account is needed to enable Fnality’s tokenized money.Provided there is pre-funding  it means that Fnality’s settlement token can be used outside of real time gross settlement system (RTGS) operating hours. That’s important given most blockchain systems operate 24/7.Last year Euroclear itself was involved in wholesale CBDC trials for settling government bond transactions with the Banque de France  three major French commercial banks and HSBC. Euroclear has been involved in several DLT-based projects  including payment trials with LiquidShare  an investee  and multiple blockchain commercial paper experiments. It is a participant in the HQLAX collateral tokenization project.Meanwhile  Fnality uses a private version of the Ethereum blockchain. It’s main blockchain technology partner is Adhara  and UBS and Clearmatics initially developed the concept.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.31,0.36,0.33,True,English,"['Fnality, blockchain-based synthetic CBDC', 'Euroclear', 'wholesale synthetic central bank digital currency', 'three major French commercial banks', 'multiple blockchain commercial paper experiments', 'real time gross settlement system', 'faster, more efficient securities transactions', 'HQLAX collateral tokenization project', 'main blockchain technology partner', 'omnibus central bank accounts', 'EU DLT pilot regime', 'fifteen Fnality member institutions', 'wholesale digital cash', 'Central Securities Depositories', 'first payment currency', 'European Central Bank', 'many DLT systems', 'digital securities settlement', 'blockchain payments consortium', 'most blockchain systems', 'government bond transactions', 'intraday FX swaps', 'intraday liquidity savings', 'large scale sandbox', 'RTGS) operating hours', 'several DLT-based projects', 'Utility Settlement Coin', 'wholesale CBDC trials', 'same-day securities settlement', 'Banque de France', 'CEO Euroclear Group', 'October UK launch', 'The Fnality concept', 'Ethereum blockchain', 'blockchain-based transactions', 'tokenized securities', 'payment trials', 'settlement token', 'tokenized cash', 'UK presence', 'launch path', 'trial payment', '16 financial institutions', 'different institutions', 'BNY Mellon', 'State Street', 'United Kingdom', 'pounds sterling', 'missing piece', 'lower risk', 'Tokenized money', 'post-trade risks', 'new opportunities', 'cutting-edge solution', 'Lieve Mostrey', 'security issuance', 'private version', 'USC', 'Nasdaq', 'UBS', 'CSDs', 'Belgium', 'Finland', 'Ireland', 'Netherlands', 'Sweden', 'England', 'purpose', 'kind', 'puzzle', 'stocks', 'bonds', 'funds', 'bulk', 'activities', 'organization', 'board', 'way', 'ECB', 'timing', 'end', 'year', 'topic', 'clients', 'benefit', 'industry', 'Natwest', 'Santander', 'development', '2021 decision', 'funding', 'HSBC', 'LiquidShare', 'investee', 'participant', 'Adhara', 'Clearmatics']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,ledgerinsights.com
1182,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.zawya.com/en/special-coverage/the-future-of-cryptos/euroclear-joins-bank-backed-blockchain-payment-system-vi435qsc,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system,1 day ago,"LONDON - Securities settlement house Euroclear said on Monday it had joined a consortium of banks building a payment system for tokenised assets in the latest sign of established institutions teaming up with newcomers in crypto tech.Belgium-headquartered Euroclear said it had bought a small stake in the three-year old consortium Fnality as it moves deeper into distributed ledger technology (DLT) or blockchain  the technology which underpins cryptoassets like bitcoin.Euroclear which settles stock and bond trades  the final leg of a transaction where cash is swapped for legal ownership of an asset  said the aim was to settle tokenised assets  or digital securities  against digital cash on DLT in a faster and more efficient way.Fnality  whose founding shareholders include more than a dozen global banks  said Euroclear's involvement would expand the consortium's footprint in market infrastructure  the financial system's basic plumbing  as it moves from testing to implementing its plan this year.""This has obvious positive implications for the execution of our business "" Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram said in a statement.Fnality aims to replace some of the cumbersome processes and paperwork involved in transferring value between financial organisations by using digital versions of currencies.The Bank of England gave the green light last year to a new type of account at the central bank to cater for a wider range of anticipated payments systems  including those based on blockchain.Fnality submitted an application to the BoE to become an operator of such an account and is due to go live with its pound sterling payment system in October.Euroclear  which settled the equivalent of 992 trillion euros ($1 095 trillion) in securities last year  is owned by a group of banks and exchanges  including Euronext and the London Stock Exchange Group.Fnality's founding shareholders include Banco Santander   BNY Mellon  Barclays  CIBC  Commerzbank  Credit Suisse  ING  KBC Group  Lloyds Banking Group  Mizuho Bank   MUFG Bank  Nasdaq  State Street Corporation  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and UBS.($1 = 0.9062 euros)(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Edmund Blair)",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.52,0.36,0.11,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality Chief Executive Rhomaios Ram', 'Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation', 'a dozen global banks', 'pound sterling payment system', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'State Street Corporation', 'obvious positive implications', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'Securities settlement house', 'distributed ledger technology', 'three-year old consortium', 'financial system', 'KBC Group', 'latest sign', 'crypto tech', 'small stake', 'bond trades', 'final leg', 'legal ownership', 'digital securities', 'efficient way', 'founding shareholders', 'market infrastructure', 'basic plumbing', 'cumbersome processes', 'financial organisations', 'digital versions', 'The Bank', 'green light', 'new type', 'central bank', 'wider range', 'payments systems', 'Banco Santander', 'BNY Mellon', 'Credit Suisse', 'Mizuho Bank', 'MUFG Bank', 'Huw Jones', 'Edmund Blair', 'tokenised assets', 'digital cash', '992 trillion euros', 'Belgium-headquartered Euroclear', '0.9062 euros', 'Monday', 'institutions', 'newcomers', 'DLT', 'blockchain', 'cryptoassets', 'bitcoin', 'transaction', 'aim', 'involvement', 'footprint', 'testing', 'plan', 'execution', 'business', 'statement', 'paperwork', 'value', 'currencies', 'England', 'account', 'application', 'BoE', 'operator', 'October', 'equivalent', 'exchanges', 'Euronext', 'Barclays', 'CIBC', 'Commerzbank', 'Nasdaq', 'UBS', 'Editing']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,zawya.com
1183,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/39903/euroclear-invests-in-fnality,Euroclear invests in Fnality,1 day ago,Euroclear has invested in Fnality  the international consortium of global banks focused on building a blockchain-based payment system to support the adoption of tokenised assets and marketplaces.Euroclear says the investment will support its ambitions to increase the speed and efficiency for a range of post-trade operations with the settlement of digital securities against digital cash on DLT.The depository says that recent experiments conducted with the Banque de France on the settlement of Government bonds using a central-bank backed digital currency demonstrated that blockchain technology is suitable to manage post-trade market operations in CBDC.Fnality last month moved one step closer to launch after two major European banks successfully conducted a proof of concept showcasing the benefits of distributed ledger technology (DLT) in offering near-instant settlement in capital markets and payments.Rhomaios Ram  CEO Fnality International says: “As we progress from testing to real-world implementation  welcoming Euroclear Group as an investor into the Fnality International consortium will significantly enhance the diversification of Fnality’s network and expand our industry footprint  especially around Financial Market Infrastructure. This has obvious positive implications for the execution of our business and use case strategy.”,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,positive,0.8,0.16,0.04,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'two major European banks', 'blockchain-based payment system', 'Banque de France', 'Financial Market Infrastructure', 'obvious positive implications', 'use case strategy', 'distributed ledger technology', 'post-trade market operations', 'CEO Fnality International', 'Fnality International consortium', 'global banks', 'post-trade operations', 'blockchain technology', 'tokenised assets', 'digital securities', 'digital cash', 'recent experiments', 'Government bonds', 'central-bank backed', 'digital currency', 'capital markets', 'Rhomaios Ram', 'real-world implementation', 'industry footprint', 'instant settlement', 'Euroclear Group', 'adoption', 'marketplaces', 'investment', 'ambitions', 'speed', 'efficiency', 'range', 'DLT', 'depository', 'CBDC', 'proof', 'concept', 'benefits', 'payments', 'testing', 'investor', 'diversification', 'network', 'execution', 'business']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,finextra.com
1184,Euroclear,Google API,https://cointelegraph.com/news/euroclear-invests-in-fnality-to-advance-digital-ledger-technology-strategy,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy,1 day ago,"On Monday  Euroclear  a securities clearing firm that claims it has over 37.6 trillion euros in assets under custody  announced an investment into Fnality  a consortium of financial institutions focused on the regulated adoption of tokenized assets and marketplaces  for an undisclosed amount. Meanwhile  Euroclear is also focusing on developing its distributed ledger technology  or DLT  to settle digital securities against digital cash through the partnership.The solution aims to increase the speed and efficiency of post-trade operations in areas such as market issuance  collateral trades and servicing interest payments. Founded in 2019  Fnality International said that it seeks to improve the efficiency of central banks for payment settlements. Its notable shareholders include Barclays  CIBC  Credit Suisse  ING  Mizuho Bank Nasdaq and UBS. Regarding the development  CEO of Fnality International Rhomaios Ram said:""Welcoming Euroclear Group as an investor into the Fnality International consortium will significantly enhance the diversification of Fnality’s network and expand our footprint around Financial Market Infrastructure.""Meanwhile  Lieve Mostrey  CEO of Euroclear Group  added: ""We are pleased to be working with Fnality and our clients in shaping a solution on wholesale digital cash and digital securities settlement for the benefit of the whole industry.” Previously  Euroclear had led a central bank digital currency  or CBDC  experiment to settle French government bonds on the DLT in a partnership with the Banque de France. The Euroclear Group settled the equivalent of 992 trillion euros (roughly $1.09 quadrillion) in securities transactions in 2021 across 295 million transactions.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.41,0.29,0.29,True,English,"['digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'central bank digital currency', 'Fnality International Rhomaios Ram', 'Mizuho Bank Nasdaq', 'distributed ledger technology', 'French government bonds', 'Banque de France', 'securities clearing firm', 'wholesale digital cash', 'digital securities settlement', 'Financial Market Infrastructure', 'Fnality International consortium', 'The Euroclear Group', 'central banks', 'financial institutions', 'market issuance', 'securities transactions', '37.6 trillion euros', 'regulated adoption', 'undisclosed amount', 'post-trade operations', 'collateral trades', 'interest payments', 'payment settlements', 'notable shareholders', 'Credit Suisse', 'Lieve Mostrey', '992 trillion euros', '295 million transactions', 'tokenized assets', 'Monday', 'custody', 'investment', 'marketplaces', 'DLT', 'partnership', 'solution', 'speed', 'efficiency', 'areas', 'servicing', 'Barclays', 'CIBC', 'UBS', 'development', 'CEO', 'investor', 'diversification', 'network', 'footprint', 'clients', 'benefit', 'industry', 'CBDC', 'equivalent']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,cointelegraph.com
1185,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.pymnts.com/news/fintech-investments/2022/today-in-fintech-euroclear-backs-fnality-recharge-com-grows-footprint-rate-hike-could-help-legacy-banks/,Today in FinTech: Euroclear Backs Fnality; Recharge.com Grows Footprint; Rate Hike Could Help Legacy Banks,1 day ago,1 day ago,positive,0.48,0.35,0.16,neutral,0.19,0.67,0.14,True,English,"['Rate Hike', 'Legacy Banks', 'FinTech', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'Recharge', 'com', 'Footprint']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,pymnts.com
1186,Euroclear,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-hms-070000417.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of HMS Networks AB,1 day ago,HMS Networks ABThe shareholders of HMS Networks AB (publ)  Reg. no. 556661-8954  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting  which will be held at 10.30 a.m on Thursday 21 April 2022 at the HMS head office  Stationsgatan 37  Halmstad. Registration for the Annual General Meeting will begin at 9.30 a.m.Right to participate in the Annual General MeetingShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting must be registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Central Securities Depository) on Monday 11 April 2022 and give notice of their intention to participate in the Annual General Meeting no later than on Wednesday 13 April 2022 preferably before 4 p.m.Notification shall be made by phone +46 (0)8 402 92 16  in writing to HMS Networks AB  ”Annual General Meeting”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or via the website: www.hms-networks.com. The notification should include name  personal ID number/CIN  address  daytime telephone number and  when applicable  information on assistants (no more than two).ProxiesIf a shareholder is represented by a proxy  a proxy should be issued with a power of attorney for the proxy. Anyone representing a legal entity must present a copy of the registration certificate  or other document demonstrating the signatory’s authority to sign for the legal entity. The power of attorney may not be more than one year old  unless a longer period of validity is stated in the power of attorney (no more than five years). The power of attorney in original and  if applicable  registration certificate must be sent to HMS Networks AB  ”Annual General Meeting”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by email to generalmeetingservice@euroclear.com   well in advance of the Annual General Meeting. A form of power of attorney is available on the HMS website www.hms-networks.com and at the company’s head office.Nominee registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of Monday 11 April 2022. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s routines at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than Wednesday 13 April 2022 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Story continuesProposed agendaOpening of the Meeting Election of Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the Agenda Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes Determination as to whether the Meeting has been duly convened Presentation ofthe Annual Report  Auditors’ Report and the Consolidated Accounts and Consolidated Auditors’ Report the statement by the auditor on the compliance with the current guidelines for remuneration to senior executives the Board of Directors proposition according to items 14-17Report by the CEO Resolution concerningthe adoption of the Income Statement and Balance Sheet  and of the Consolidated Income Statement and Consolidated Balance Sheet the allocation of the company's profit as set forth in the adopted Balance Sheet the discharge of liability for Board Members and CEODetermination of the number of Board Members and Deputies and Auditors Determination of fees payable to Board Members and Auditor Election of Board Members Election of Auditor Resolution on approval of remuneration report Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal to guidelines for remuneration to senior executives Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal for authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal for (a) implementation of a performance-based Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 for all employees  (b) authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of own shares within Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 and (c) transfer of own shares to participants in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 Closing of the MeetingThe Nomination Committee’s proposalsElection of Chairman of the Meeting  determination of the number of Board Members and Deputies and Auditors  determination of fees payable to Board Members and Auditor and election of Board Members and election of Auditor (item 2 and 10-13)The Nomination Committee for 2022  comprising Chairman Johan Menckel (Investment AB Latour)  Staffan Dahlström (own holding)  Patrik Jönsson (SEB Funds)  Tomas Risbecker (AMF Funds) and Charlotte Brogren (Chairman of the Board) proposes:that Charlotte Brogren shall be appointed Chairman of the Annual General Meeting (item 2);that the Board of Directors shall consist of six Board Members elected by the General Meeting  without any deputies and that a registered public accounting firm shall be elected as Auditor (item 10);that fees to the Board Members shall amount to a total of SEK 2 025 000 (1 875 000)  excluding committee fees  of which SEK 675 000 (625 000) shall be paid to the Chairman  and SEK 270 000 (250 000) to each other Board Member elected by the General Meeting  that the fee for work in the Audit Committee shall amount to SEK 110 000 (100 000) to the Chairman and SEK 55 000 (50 000) to each other member in the Audit Committee and that no fees shall be paid for work in other committees. The fees to the Auditor shall be paid according to approved invoices (item 11);that the Board Members Charlotte Brogren  Fredrik Hansson  Anders Mörck  Cecilia Wachtmeister and Niklas Edling shall be re-elected as Board Members  that Anna Kleine shall be elected as new Board Member and that Charlotte Brogren shall be re-elected as Chairman of the Board. Ulf Södergren has declined re-election. (item 12); andthat  in accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is re-elected as the company’s auditor  with Johan Palmgren as auditor in charge for a mandate period of one year (item 13).Proposals from the Board of DirectorsResolution concerning the allocation of the company's profit as set forth in the adopted Balance Sheet (item 9b)The Board of Directors proposes that the parent company’s profit of SEK 422 495 thousand and retained earnings of SEK 192 473 thousand  in total SEK 614 968 thousand is allocated so that SEK 3.00 per share  corresponding to SEK 139 928 thousand in total is distributed to the shareholders as dividend and that the remaining amount is carried forward. The proposed record date for the dividend is Monday 25 April 2022. If the Annual General Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  the estimated date for payment of the dividend from Euroclear Sweden is Thursday 28 April 2022.Approval of remuneration report (item 14)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors’ report regarding compensation pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal to guidelines for remuneration to senior executives (item 15)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on the following guidelines for remuneration to senior executives. In relation to the current guidelines  the proposal entails that senior executives  in addition to annual variable cash remuneration  shall be able to receive a long-term variable cash bonus (LTI bonus) amounting to a maximum of 50 per cent of the fixed cash salary per the last year in the measurement period.These guidelines apply to persons who  during the period of time that the guidelines are in effect  are members of HMS Networks’ group management. The guidelines are applicable to remuneration agreed and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the Annual General Meeting 2022. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting.The guidelines’ promotion of HMS Networks’ business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityHMS is a market-leading supplier of solutions for industrial ICT (Information and Communication Technology). HMS’ industrial communication products enables millions of machines  such as robots  frequency converters and air conditioning equipment  to be connected to different types of systems – a necessity to meet future demands for energy efficiency and suitability. In brief  HMS’ business strategy aims to achieve profitable growth in strategic markets  focus on sustainable product development  be a global actor with local presence and to have a sustainable supply chain. A prerequisite for the successful implementation of HMS’ business strategy and to the safeguarding of its interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. The objective of HMS’ remuneration policy for senior executives is therefore to offer competitive and market-based remuneration  in order to attract  motivate and retain competent and skilled employees. These guidelines enable the company to offer a competitive total remuneration. Further information regarding HMS business strategy is available at HMS’ website  www.hms-networks.com .HMS has ongoing long-term share-related incentive plans  which have been resolved by the general meeting and are therefore excluded from these guidelines. The plans comprise all employees within HMS and aims to give the employees an increased interest for the company’s operation and earnings  and to increase the motivation and affinity with the company through a long-term owner commitment. The plans further enable HMS to offer a competitive total remuneration and thereby enabling the company to recruit and retain competent personnel. The performance criteria are currently linked to profit per share. Further  the incentive plans require own investment during a certain holding period. Further information on the incentive plans are available at HMS’ website  www.hms-networks.com .Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration to senior executives shall be market-based and may consist of fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits  as well as further variable remuneration under certain extraordinary circumstances. Additionally  the general meeting may – irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration.Fixed cash salary shall be determined on the basis that it should be competitive together with short- and long term incentives. The absolute amount shall be determined based on the current position and the competence  experience and performance of the individual. The fixed cash salary shall be revised annually.Variable cash remuneration shall be based on predetermined and measurable financial and non-financial objectives of the group. The measurement period for the objectives for annual variable cash remuneration shall be one year and annual variable cash remuneration may amount to a maximum of 50 per cent of the fixed cash salary. In addition to annual variable cash remuneration  senior executives shall be able to receive a long-term variable cash bonus (LTI bonus) amounting to a maximum of 50 per cent of the fixed cash salary per the last year in the measurement period. The LTI bonus shall be based on achieved financial and operational objectives  related to  for example  growth and operating profit  after a multi-year measurement period in three to five years.The distribution between fixed cash salary and variable cash remuneration shall be proportionate to the executive’s responsibility and authority. The objectives shall primarily relate to growth and profitability  where the relationship between these performance measures shall determine the outcome of variable cash remuneration. In addition  individual objectives may be established. The objectives shall be designed so as to contribute to HMS’ business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promote the executive’s long-term development.For the CEO  pension benefits  including health insurance benefits (Sw: sjukförsäkringsförmåner) shall be premium defined. Variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits. The pension premium may amount to a maximum of 35 per cent of the pensionable income up to 28.5 price base amounts  and a maximum of 25 per cent on exceeding salary components.For other senior executives  pension benefits  including health insurance benefits  shall be premium defined. Variable remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits. The pension premium shall follow the ITP-plan and amount to a maximum of 30 per cent of the pensionable income.Other benefits may include  for example  medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring)  occupational health care (Sw: företagshälsovård) and company cars. Such benefits may amount to a maximum of 10 per cent of the fixed cash salary.Further variable cash remuneration may be awarded in extraordinary circumstances  provided that such extraordinary arrangements are made for the purpose of recruiting or retaining executives. Such remuneration may not exceed an amount corresponding to 50 per cent of the fixed cash salary and may not be paid more than once each year per individual. Any resolution on such remuneration shall be made by the Board of Directors based on a proposal from the Remuneration Committee.For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  pension benefits and other benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable remuneration  etc.The Remuneration Committee shall prepare  monitor and evaluate matters related to variable cash remuneration for the Board of Directors. To the extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied  shall be determined when the measurement period has ended. Assessments of whether financial objectives have been met  shall be based on established financial information for the period. Remuneration to the CEO is decided by the Board of Directors  based on a proposal from the Remuneration Committee. Remuneration to other senior executives is decided by the CEO after consultation with the Remuneration Committee.Variable cash remuneration may be paid after the measurement period has ended or be subject to deferred payment. The Board of Directors shall have the possibility  under applicable law or contractual provisions  to in whole or in part reclaim variable remuneration paid on incorrect grounds (claw-back).Termination of employmentSenior executives shall be employed until further notice. For the CEO  there shall be a mutual notice period of six months. If notice of termination of employment of the CEO is made by the company  a severance pay corresponding to a maximum of twelve months fixed cash salary may be paid. Other income should not be deducted from the severance pay. If notice of termination of employment is made by the CEO  severance pay should not be paid. Between the company and other senior executives  there shall be a mutual notice period of six months  without any right to severance pay.Senior executives may be compensated for a non-compete undertaking after the termination of the employment  however  only to the extent severance pay is not paid during the same period of time. Such remuneration is intended to compensate the senior executive for the difference between the fixed cash salary at the time of termination of the employment  and the (lower) income obtained  or could be obtained  by a new employment agreement  assignment or own business. The remuneration may be paid during the period the non-compete undertaking is applicable  and no longer than a period of twelve months after the termination of the employment.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board of Directors’ proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of HMS have been taken into account by including information on the employees’ total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the Remuneration Committee’s and the Board of Directors’ basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board of Directors has established a Remuneration Committee. The committee’s tasks include preparing the Board of Directors’ decision to propose guidelines for executive remuneration. The Board of Directors’ shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in HMS. The members of the Remuneration Committee are independent in of the company and its executive management. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the Board of Directors’ processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serveHMS’ long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure HMS’ financialviability. As set out above  the Remuneration Committee’s tasks include preparing the Board of Directors’ resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Shareholder’s viewsThe Board of Directors has not received any views from the shareholders on the guidelines of remuneration for senior executives.Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal for authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues (item 16)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues in accordance with the following conditions:The authorisation may be exercised on one or several occasions up to the Annual General Meeting 2023.Maximum 2 340 943 shares  corresponding to approximately 5 per cent of the company’s share capital  may be issued.An issue may be made with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right.An issue may be made against cash payment  by set-off or by contribution in kind.The subscription price shall  at deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right  be determined in accordance with market practice. The Board of Directors shall be entitled to determine other terms of the issue.The purpose of the authorisation  and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right  is to enable the company to finance or carry out  in whole or in part  company acquisitions with the company’s own shares. There have been requests from sellers of companies to receive shares in HMS Networks as payment in conjunction with acquisitions and in case of acquisitions of smaller entrepreneurial companies it might work as an important incentive for the seller to receive shares in HMS Networks.Under the Swedish Companies Act  the resolution of the General Meeting on authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues requires the support of shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast and the shares represented at the Meeting in order to be valid.Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal on (a) implementation of a performance-based Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 for all employees  (b) authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of own shares within Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 and (c) transfer of own shares to participants in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 (item 17)A. Implementation of performance-based Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 for all employeesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on implementation of the below described Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 to all employees  comprising a maximum of 75 000 shares in the company  according to the following principal conditions:All permanent employees within the group as per 31 December 2022 (approximately 800 persons) will be offered to participate in the program. In order to participate in the program  the participant must  with own funds  make an investment of minimum 1% and maximum between 3% and 6% (depending on position  se item 2 below) of his or her annual fixed gross salary in shares in the company at market price over Nasdaq Stockholm (“Saving Shares”). Notification of participation in Share Saving Program 2023-2026 shall be made no later than 31 December 2022. The investment shall take place during 2023 and shall be made to an amount corresponding to minimum 1% of the gross salary for 2022  with the possibility to further investment up to the fixed maximum amount.For senior executives (approximately 90 persons)  it is required that the own investment amounts to a minimum of 1% and a maximum of 6% of the gross salary for 2022. For other employees (approximately 710 persons)  it is required that the own investment amounts to a minimum of 1% and maximum of 3% of the gross salary for 2022.Each Saving Share entitles the participant to receive free of charge a maximum of two (2) shares in the company  based on the achievement of certain performance conditions (“Performance Share”). The performance conditions are based on the development of earnings per share according to determined objectives by the Board of Directors during the financial years 2024-2026 (the “Measurement Period”). The performance condition that has to be achieved of exceeded relates to average annual growth of the company’s earnings per share during the Measurement Period  whereby Performance Shares is received linearly between the interval 0-20% and an average annual growth during the Measurement Period of 20% corresponds to maximum allotment  i.e. two (2) Performance Shares. Through the connection to earnings per share throughout the measurement period  the performance conditions contribute to the company’s long-term value creation.Upon achievement of the performance conditions  Performance Shares will be received within 60 days after the day of the publishing of the year-end report regarding the financial year 2026. Subject to customary exceptions  the participant does not receive Performance Shares if the participant does not acquire Saving Shares according to determined minimum level  does not hold all of his or her Saving Shares up to and including 31 December 2026  or does not remain in his or her employment or equivalent within the group as per this date.A small number of selected consultants with assignments of essential importance for the company should be offered to  on comparable terms and conditions  participate in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026.The Board of Directors shall be responsible for the detailed terms and conditions of Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 within the scope the above stated principal terms and conditions  as well as such reasonable adjustments of the program which are deemed appropriate or efficient due to legal or administrative conditions. In addition  the Board of Directors shall have the right to make minor adjustments to the terms and conditions and the administration of the share saving plan  in order to comply with local rules  market practice and administrative circumstances  in a cost-effective manner in some of the group's jurisdictions other than Sweden.B. Authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of own shares within Share Saving Plan 2023-2026To enable the company’s delivery of Performance Shares according to Share Saving Plan 2023-2026  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of own shares in accordance with the following conditions:The repurchase of shares shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm.The authorisation may be exercised on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2023.The repurchase shall as a maximum comprise the number of shares required for delivery of Matching and Performance Shares to the participants in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026  however no more than 75 000 shares. Repurchase shall be made at a price within the share price interval registered from time to time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price.Payment of the repurchased shares shall be made in cash.The Board of Directors shall have the right to resolve on other terms and conditions for the repurchase.The repurchase is expected to take place on one or several occasions in conjunction with the notification and investment periods during 2022 and 2023. To the extent that repurchase must be made after the Annual General Meeting 2023 in order to ensure delivery of shares according to the program’s maximum amount  a new authorisation for repurchase of shares is required by the next Annual General Meeting.C. Transfer of own shares to participants in the Share Saving Plan 2023-2026To be able to deliver Performance Shares under Share Saving Plan 2023-2026  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on transfer of own shares in accordance with the following conditions:A maximum number of 75 000 shares may be transferred free of charge to participants in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026.With deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the right to acquire shares free of charge shall comprise persons within the group participating in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026  with a right for each of the participant to acquire the maximum number of shares stipulated in the terms and conditions of the Share Saving Plan 2023-2026.Transfer of shares shall be made free of charge at the time for  and according to the terms for  the allotment of shares to participants in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026.The number of shares that may be transferred under Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 may be recalculated due to any intervening split or reverse share split  bonus issue  preferential issue and/or similar corporate actions.The reason for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to enable the company to transfer Performance Shares to the participants in Share Saving Plan 2023-2026.Shares that have been acquired by the company  and which are not transferred to participants in the Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 may be transferred to participants in previous share saving plans or future share saving plans decided on by the General Meeting of the company. Also such shares acquired by the company within previous years' share saving plans may be transferred to participants in the Share Saving Plan 2023-2026  previous share saving plans or future share saving plans decided on by the General Meeting. Transfer shall take place in accordance with applicable rules for the current share saving plan.Estimated costsThe program will generate costs related to the application of IFRS 2 “Share-related remuneration” amounting to approximately MSEK 25 and costs for social security contributions of approximately MSEK 8 for the shares which are allotted free of charge. The total effect on the income statement is estimated to amount to approximately MSEK 33  distributed over the years 2023-2026.Costs according to IFRS 2 do not affect the cash flow or equity during the duration of the Share Saving Plan. The acquisition cost of the shares is estimated to approximately MSEK 25 and will affect the cash flow and equity in connection with acquisition of the shares. The social security contributions effect the equity continuously  but the cash flow only in 2027  after that the shares has been allotted. Administrative costs for the program are estimated to amount to MSEK 0.8 during the duration of the program.The above cost-estimate is based on assumptions that just over half of the employees participate in the program  that all participants remain until the end of the program  an investment level per participant based on historical outcome and a maximum outcome on the performance conditions corresponding to two (2) Performance Shares per Saving Share. For the share price at the end of the program  a development corresponding to the outcome of the performance condition earnings per share has been assumed.Reason for the proposalThe Board of Directors’ reason for the abovementioned proposal on Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 is that a personal long-term owner commitment in the company by the employees is expected to stimulate an increased interest for the company’s operation and earnings  and to increase the motivation and affinity with the company. The offering and participation in the Share Saving Plan shall be considered as a part of the total remuneration package. Therefore  the Board of Directors assesses that the Share Saving Plan is favourably for both the company and its shareholders. It is the Board of Directors’ intention to annually return to the Annual General Meeting with proposals for share saving plans with equivalent conditions and effects. In case the conditions for the assumptions on number of employees that may be offered to participate in the share saving program or otherwise that is the basis for the calculations of the maximum size of the program change  the Board of Directors’ intends to return with a supplementary proposal to the Annual General Meeting 2023 regarding repurchase and transfer of own shares within Share Saving Plan 2023-2026  in order to ensure that all employees as per 31 December 2022 who wish to participate in the program can do so.Effects on key ratiosAs per the date of the Board of Directors’ proposal  the number of shares in the company amounts to 46 818 868. The Share Saving Plan 2023-2026 is expected to result in acquisition and transfer of a total of approximately 75 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 0.15% of the total number of outstanding shares and votes. The key ratio earnings per share is not expected to be affected substantially.Majority resolutionDecision on the Board of Directors’ proposal under items A  B and C shall be made as a joint decision. The proposal  to be valid  must be supported by shareholders holding at least nine-tenths of both the number of votes cast  as well as of the number of shares represented at the meeting.Shareholders’ right to receive informationThe Board of Directors and CEO shall at the Annual General Meeting  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company’s or its subsidiaries’ financial situation and the company’s relation to another company within the group.Available documentsThe Annual Report and Auditor’s Report for the parent company and the group for the 2021 financial year  the Board of Directors reasoned statement regarding the proposal for dividend  the Nomination Committee’s reasoned statement and the Board of Directors complete proposal regarding items 14-17 and the auditors’ statement on whether the current guidelines for remuneration to senior executives have been complied with  are presented by being available at the company and on the company’s website www.hms-networks.com   as of 31 March 2022  and will be sent to all shareholders who so request and state their postal address. A printed version of the Annual Report may be received by sending address details to ir@hms.se .Number of shares and votes in the companyAt the time of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in the company amounts to 46 818 868. The company’s holding of own shares amounts to 176 320 which do not entitle to any voting right as long as the company is the holder of the shares.Processing of personal dataFor information on processing of personal data  seehttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf .....................................................Halmstad  March 2022HMS Networks AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor more information please contact:CEO Staffan Dahlström  phone: +46-35-17 29 01CFO Joakim Nideborn  phone: +46-35-710 69 83HMS Networks AB (publ) is a market-leading provider of solutions in industrial information and communication technology (Industrial ICT). HMS develops and manufactures products under the Anybus®  Ixxat®  Ewon® and Intesis® brands. Development takes place at the headquarter in Halmstad and also in Ravensburg  Nivelles  Bilbao  Igualada  Wetzlar  Buchen and Delft. Local sales and support are handled by branch offices in Germany  USA  Japan  China  Singapore  Italy  France  Spain  the Netherlands  India  UK  Sweden  South Korea and UAE  as well as through a worldwide network of distributors and partners. HMS employs over 700 people and reported sales of SEK 1 972 million in 2021. HMS is listed on the NASDAQ OMX in Stockholm  category Large Cap  Information Technology.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.03,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'HMS Networks AB', 'Notice', 'Swedish Central Securities Depository', 'performance-based Share Saving Plan', 'new share issues Resolution', 'P.O. Box', 'personal ID number/CIN', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Investment AB Latour', 'Staffan Dahlström', 'Patrik Jönsson', 'HMS Networks AB', 'Voting rights registrations', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'HMS head office', 'daytime telephone number', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'Chairman Johan Menckel', 'Consolidated Income Statement', 'Consolidated Auditors’ Report', 'remuneration report Resolution', 'Nominee registered shares', 'Board Members Election', 'Annual Report', 'share register', 'voting list', 'Consolidated Accounts', 'Meeting Preparation', 'HMS website', 'Meeting Election', 'registration certificate', 'Such registration', 'Thursday 21 April', 'Monday 11 April', 'Wednesday 13 April', 'legal entity', 'other document', 'longer period', 'five years', 'two persons', 'senior executives', 'SEB Funds', 'Tomas Risbecker', 'AMF Funds', 'Charlotte Brogren', 'six Boar', 'CEO Resolution', 'Auditor Resolution', 'current guidelines', 'Directors proposition', 'Agenda Election', 'minutes Determination', 'Auditor Election', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Reg.', 'Stationsgatan', 'Halmstad', '9.30 a', 'notice', 'intention', 'Notification', 'writing', 'Stockholm', 'hms-networks', 'name', 'address', 'information', 'assistants', 'Proxies', 'proxy', 'power', 'attorney', 'Anyone', 'copy', 'signatory', 'authority', 'validity', 'original', 'email', 'generalmeetingservice', 'advance', 'company', 'order', 'addition', 'participation', 'presentation', 'request', 'accordance', 'routines', 'Story', 'Opening', 'approval', 'compliance', 'items', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'profit', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Deputies', 'fees', 'authorisation', 'implementation', 'employees', 'repurchase', 'transfer', 'participants', 'proposals', 'holding', '10.30', '4']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1187,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.gurufocus.com/news/1668896/invitation-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-boliden-ab-publ,Invitation to the Annual General Meeting of Boliden AB (publ),11 hours ago,"PR NewswireBOLIDEN  Sweden  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ --The shareholders of Boliden AB (publ) (company registration number 556051-4142) are summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  April 28  2022 at 1 p.m. (CET). The Annual General Meeting will be held at Sara kulturhus in Skellefteå  Sweden. The meeting facilities will be open for registration and exhibition from 10 a.m. (CET) and for lunch from 11.30 a.m. (CET).The Board of Directors has decided that the shareholders will be able to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting also in advance (postal voting) in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Association  see below under ""Advance Voting (Postal Voting)"" for further information.ParticipationA) Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxymust be recorded as a shareholder in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden relating to the circumstances on Wednesday  April 20  2022 (see below regarding re-registration of nominee registered shares)  andmust give notice of participation to the company on the company's website  www.boliden.com  by telephone +46 8 32 94 29 or by regular mail to Boliden AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. When giving notice of participation  shareholders shall state their name  identification or registration number  address and telephone number as well as the number of attending assistants (maximum of two). Notice of participation must be received by the company no later than Friday  April 22  2022.B) Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal votingmust be recorded as a shareholder in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden relating to the circumstances on Wednesday  April 20  2022 (see below regarding re-registration of nominee registered shares)  andmust give notice of participation to the company by casting their postal vote so that the postal voting form is received by the company no later than Friday  April 22  2022 (see below under ""Advance Voting (Postal Voting)"" for further information).The information provided in the notice of participation will be processed and used only for the purpose of the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders who wish to participate at the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy must provide a notification of attendance in accordance with item A) under ""Participation"" above. A notification by postal voting only is not sufficient for shareholders wishing to attend the Annual General Meeting at the meeting facilities. A notification to participate at the meeting facilities will be confirmed by an entrance card  which shall be presented in connection with the registration at the Annual General Meeting.Nominee SharesFor shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting (at the meeting facilities or through postal voting). Such shareholder must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date Wednesday  April 20  2022. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration) and the request for such registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been completed by the nominee no later than April 22  2022 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.ProxyShareholders that are represented  or submit their postal vote  by proxy  must issue a power of attorney. A form for power of attorney is available on the company's website www.boliden.com. A power of attorney is valid for one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however not longer than a maximum of five years. A power of attorney issued by a legal person must be accompanied by a certified copy of the legal person's certificate of registration. The certificate of registration shall evidence the circumstances on the date of the Annual General Meeting and should not be older than one year at the time of the Annual General Meeting. Power of attorney  certificate of registration and other documents of authority are submitted by email to [email protected] or by mail to Boliden AB  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23  Stockholm  Sweden  well in advance of the day of the Annual General Meeting.Advance Voting (Postal Voting)A special form must be used for the postal votes. The form is available on the company's website www.boliden.com. Completed forms must be received by Boliden no later than Friday  April 22  2022.The completed postal voting form can be sent by e-mail to [email protected] or by mail to Boliden AB  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via the Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy. Such electronic votes must be submitted no later than April 22  2022. If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a power of attorney for the proxy must be attached to the postal voting form according to instructions under ""Proxy"" above. If the shareholder is a legal person  a copy of a certificate of registration or a corresponding document must be attached to the postal voting form.The shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form. In order to receive the form for postal voting by mail  please contact Euroclear Sweden at telephone +46 8 32 94 29  Monday to Friday between 09.00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m.Proposed AgendaOpening of the Annual General Meeting Election of the Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting register Approval of the agenda Election of two persons to verify the minutes together with the Chairman Determination whether the Meeting has been duly convened Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report as well as the consolidated financial statements and auditor's report for the Group (including the auditor's statement regarding the guidelines for remuneration to the Group Management in effect since the previous Annual General Meeting) Report on the work of the Board of Directors  its Remuneration Committee and its Audit Committee The President's address Report on the audit work during 2021 Resolutions on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet Resolution on appropriation of the company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet and determination of the record date for the right to receive dividend Resolution on discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the President Resolution on the number of Board members and auditors to be appointed by the Annual General Meeting Resolution on fees for the Board of Directors Election of the Members and Chairman of the Board of Directors Resolution on fees for the auditor Election of auditor Resolution on approval of remuneration report Resolution on instruction for the Nomination Committee Election of members of the Nomination Committee Resolution regarding automatic share redemption procedure includinga. share split 2:1b. reduction of the share capital through redemption of sharesc. increase of the share capital through a bonus issue Closing of the Annual General MeetingNomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee of Boliden has consisted of Jan Andersson (Swedbank Robur fonder)  Chairman  Lars-Erik Forsgårdh  Lilian Fossum Biner (Handelsbanken fonder)  Ola Peter Gjessing (Norges Bank Investment Management)  Anders Oscarsson (AMF) and Anders Ullberg (Chairman of the Board of Directors).Election of Chairman (item 2)The Nomination Committee proposes that Anders Ullberg be elected Chairman of the meeting.Resolution on the appropriation of the profit according to the adopted balance sheet and determination of the record date for the dividend (item 12)The Board of Directors proposes a dividend to the shareholders of SEK 10.50 (8.25) per share and that Monday  May 2  2022 shall be the record date for the right to receive dividends. Provided the Annual General Meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed through Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday  May 5  2022. Further distribution of funds to the shareholders of SEK 15.50 per share through an automatic redemption procedure is proposed in accordance with item 22 below.Resolution on the number of Board members and auditors appointed by the Annual General Meeting (item 14)The Nomination Committee proposes the appointment of seven Board members and one registered accounting firm as auditor.Resolution on fees for the Board of Directors (item 15)The Nomination Committee proposes that the Chairman of the Board shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 1 920 000 (1 830 000) and that each of the other Directors not employed by the company shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 640 000 (610 000); that the Chairman of the Audit Committee shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 250 000 (250 000); that each of the Audit Committee members shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 150 000 (150 000); and that both the Chairman and the other member of the Remuneration Committee shall be remunerated with a fee of SEK 75 000 (50 000) each.Election of the Members and Chairman of the Board of Directors (item 16)Anders Ullberg and Michael G:son Löw have declined re-election. The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of Helene Biström  Per Lindberg  Perttu Louhiluoto  Elisabeth Nilsson  Pia Rudengren and Karl-Henrik Sundström  and new election of Tomas Eliasson. Tomas Eliasson  born 1962  holds an MSc in Economics and has previously been  among other things  the CFO of Sandvik  Electrolux and Assa Abloy. He has also been nominated as Board Member to the Board of Directors of Millicom International Cellular and Telia Company. The Nomination Committee also proposes new election of Karl-Henrik Sundström as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Resolution on fees for the auditor (item 17)The Nomination Committee proposes that the auditor's fees shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Election of auditor (item 18)The Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee  election of the accounting firm Deloitte AB as auditor for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.Resolution on approval of remuneration report (item 19)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to approve the Board of Directors' report regarding remuneration prepared in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Resolution on instruction for the Nomination Committee (item 20)The Nomination Committee proposes an amendment of the instruction for the Nomination committee to the effect that the Chairman of the Board shall be a co-opted (adjunct) member of the Nomination Committee instead of a regular member  and that no representative of the smaller shareholders is appointed. As a result  the Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on the following instruction for the Nomination Committee  to apply until the General Meeting decides otherwise.The Nomination Committee shall consist of a minimum of three and a maximum of five members. The Annual General Meeting elects three members to the Nomination Committee. These shall represent shareholders that at the end of the month preceding the issue of the notice for the Annual General Meeting are the three largest shareholders and who have consented to participate in the work of the Nomination Committee (""Large Shareholders""). The Chairman of the Board of Directors is a co-opted (adjunct) member of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee shall select a Chairman within the members at its inaugural meeting.In order to replace resigning members or to more accurately reflect the shareholder structure  the Nomination Committee may offer other larger shareholders to be represented on the Committee. If such offer is made  it shall be directed in order of priority to the next largest shareholder who is not already represented on the Committee.If a member represents a Large Shareholder who has divested the majority of its holding in the company and who thus subsequently no longer represents any of the five largest shareholders  the Nomination Committee shall resolve whether such member shall continue or resign from the Nomination Committee.If a Large Shareholder wishes to replace its representative on the Nomination Committee  notification thereof shall be sent to the Chairman of the Nomination Committee.The company shall publish changes in the composition of the Nomination Committee as soon as a change has occurred.The Nomination Committee shall act in the best interest of all shareholders and submit proposals to Annual General Meeting or  where applicable  to Extraordinary General Meetings  with respect to:Chairman at the Annual General Meetingnumber of Board membersBoard members and Chairman of the Boardfees to the Board of Directors  allocated between the Chairman and other Board membersfees for committee workauditorsfees to the company's auditorappointment of Nomination Committee membersNo compensation shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee. However  the company shall bear reasonable costs necessary for the performance of the assignment of the Nomination Committee.Election of members of the Nomination Committee (item 21)The Nomination Committee proposes that Lennart Franke (Swedbank Robur fonder)  Karin Eliasson (Handelsbanken fonder) and Patrik Jönsson (SEB fonder) are appointed as Nomination Committee members.Resolution regarding automatic share redemption procedure including a) share split 2:1  b) reduction of the share capital through redemption of shares and c) increase of the share capital through a bonus issue (item 22)BackgroundBoliden has generated substantial cash flows over the past year and the financial position is strong. At the end of the year  the net debt/equity ratio was minus 2 per cent  which means that the balance sheet is stronger than Boliden's target of about 20 per cent at economic peaks. The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on an automatic share redemption  which will not jeopardise the ability to handle any deterioration in market terms nor the ability to finance additional growth. Through this  each existing share is split into two shares (share split 2:1)  whereof one of those shares will automatically be redeemed at SEK 15.50. In addition to the proposed ordinary dividend of approximately SEK 2 872 million  approximately SEK 4 239 million will be distributed to the shareholders through this procedure. The dividend and the redemption amount to a total of approximately SEK 7 111 million  or SEK 26.00 per share. To achieve a quick and efficient redemption procedure the Board further proposes that the company's share capital is restored to its current amount by means of a bonus issue. In view hereof  the Board proposes that the meeting resolves in accordance with the following proposal.22 a) share split 2:1The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a share split 2:1  meaning that each existing share is divided into two shares  of which one is to be referred to as redemption share in the Euroclear system and be redeemed in the manner described under item b) below. The suggested record date at Euroclear for the share split is May 12  2022. The last trading day for the company's shares including the right to receive redemption shares will therefore be May 10  2022 and the first trading day for the company's shares excluding the right to receive redemption shares will be May 11  2022. After the share split  the number of shares in the company will increase from 273 511 169 to 547 022 338  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 1.06.22 b) reduction of the share capital through redemption of sharesThe Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company's share capital shall be reduced by SEK 289 457 169 (the reduction amount) for repayment to the shareholders. The reduction of the share capital will be made by means of redemption of 273 511 169 shares.The shares to be redeemed shall be those shares that  after the share split in accordance with item a) above  are referred to as redemption shares in the Euroclear system  whereby the record date for the right to receive redemption shares according to item a) above is May 12  2022. Trading in the redemption shares is estimated to take place as from May 13  2022 up to June 3  2022.For each redeemed share a redemption amount of SEK 15.50 will be paid in cash  of which approximately SEK 14.44 exceeds the quota value of the share. The total redemption amount is estimated to SEK 4 239 423 119.50. In addition to the reduction amount of SEK 289 457 169  an estimated amount of SEK 3 949 965 950.50 will be distributed  by use of the company's non-restricted equity. The record date for the right to receive the redemption amount is proposed to be June 8  2022. Payment of the redemption amount is estimated to be made by Euroclear on June 13  2022.Following the reduction  the company's share capital will amount to SEK 289 457 169  allocated on in total 273 511 169 shares  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 1.06. Apart from the reduction of the share capital  the company's restricted equity will not be affected.Pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13  fourth paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board hereby states the following.It follows from the proposal on reduction of share capital that the Board proposes that the company's share capital shall be reduced by SEK 289 457 169 through redemption of 273 511 169 shares  for repayment to the shareholders.To achieve a quick and efficient redemption procedure without the requirement of obtaining the Swedish Companies Registration Office's or a general court's permission  the Board has also proposed that the Annual General Meeting resolves on restoring the company's share capital to its current amount by increasing the share capital with SEK 289 457 169 by way of a bonus issue without issuance of new shares. The amount is to be transferred from the company's non-restricted equity to the company's share capital  in accordance with item c) below.Through the reduction of the share capital for repayment to the shareholders  the company's share capital is reduced by SEK 289 457 169 and through the bonus issue the company's share capital is increased by the same amount. The company's restricted equity and share capital will therefore remain unchanged after the implementation of the bonus issue22 c) increase of the share capital through a bonus issueFurther  to achieve a quick and efficient redemption procedure without the requirement of obtaining the Swedish Companies Registration Office's or a general court's permission  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a bonus issue to increase the company's share capital by SEK 289 457 169  to SEK 578 914 338  through a transfer of SEK 289 457 169 from the company's non-restricted equity. No new shares are to be issued in connection with the bonus issue.The number of shares in the company will  after implementation of the increase of the share capital  be 273 511 169  each share with a quota value of approximately SEK 2.12.-------------------The resolutions by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with items a) – c) above are conditional upon each other and shall therefore be adopted as one resolution. In order for the resolution by the Annual General Meeting to be valid  the resolution must be approved by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Finally  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the company's President to make the minor adjustments to the resolutions in this item 22 that may be required in connection with the registration of the resolutions with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear.The Board's statement pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act as well as the Auditor's statements pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 8 and Section 14 of the Swedish Companies Act are provided separately.A separate information brochure regarding the proposed automatic share redemption procedure in accordance with this item will be provided before the Annual General Meeting.Shares and VotesThe company's share capital amounts to SEK 578 914 338 distributed among 273 511 169 shares and votes. The company holds no own shares.Further InformationInformation regarding all the proposed Board members of Boliden AB and the Nomination Committee's motivated statement are available on the company's website www.boliden.com.The annual report and the auditor's report  the auditor's statement on compliance with the guidelines for remuneration  etc. for the Group Management  the auditor's statements in accordance with Chapter 20  Section 8 and Chapter 20  Section 14 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board's motivated statement in accordance with Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 20  Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act  and the Board's remuneration report  are available on www.boliden.com and at the company's head office  Klarabergsviadukten 90 in Stockholm  Sweden  as of Thursday  April 7  2022. The documents may also be ordered from the company.Shareholders' right to informationThe Board of Directors and the President shall  if requested by a shareholder and if the Board deems that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may influence the assessment of either an item on the agenda  or the company's or a subsidiary's financial situation or the company's relation to another group company. Those who wish to pose questions in advance may submit these to Boliden AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or via e-mail to: [email protected].Processing of personal dataFor information on how personal data is processed in connection with the Annual General Meeting  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Stockholm  March 2022Boliden AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Klas Nilsson  Director Group Communications  phone: +46 70-453 65 88Mail: [email protected]Boliden is a metals company with a focus on sustainable development. Our roots are Nordic  our market global. Our core competence lies within the fields of exploration  mining  smelting and metal recycling. Boliden has around 6 000 employees and an annual turnover of around SEK 70 billion. The share is listed in the Large Cap segment on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/boliden/r/invitation-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-boliden-ab--publ- c3529577The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/997/3529577/1551745.pdf Press release (PDF)View original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/invitation-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-boliden-ab-publ-301507556.htmlSOURCE Boliden",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.3,0.68,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Boliden AB', 'Invitation', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'P.O. Box', 'Voting rights registrations', 'longer time period', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'nominee registered shares', 'postal voting form', 'meeting facilities', 'company registration number', 'postal vote', 'PR Newswire', 'Sara kulturhus', 'share register', 'attending assistants', 'entrance card', 'Such re-registration', 'one year', 'five years', 'certified copy', 'other documents', 'special form', 'Completed forms', 'Boliden AB', 'Advance Voting', 'Nominee Shares', 'other nominee', 'record date', 'issue date', 'telephone number', 'legal person', 'regular mail', 'Such shareholder', 'votes', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Thursday', 'April', 'CET', 'Skellefteå', 'exhibition', '10 a', 'lunch', '11.30 a', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'Association', 'information', 'Participation', 'proxy', 'circumstances', 'Wednesday', 'notice', 'website', 'Stockholm', 'name', 'identification', 'address', 'maximum', 'Friday', 'purpose', 'notification', 'attendance', 'item', 'connection', 'bank', 'order', 'request', 'routines', 'account', 'preparation', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'authority', 'email', 'AGM', 'verification']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,gurufocus.com
1188,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.stripes.com/theaters/us/2022-03-22/Russia-millions-coupon-transfer-5436304.html,Russia makes $66 million coupon transfer as investors wait,Foreign holders of Russia’s sovereign bond maturing in 2029 are watching their accounts for the latest debt coupon from the sanctioned nation after the government said a $66 million payment had been made to its local depository.,Foreign holders of Russia’s sovereign bond maturing in 2029 are watching their accounts for the latest debt coupon from the sanctioned nation after the government said a $66 million payment had been made to its local depository.The Finance Ministry said that the transfer to the National Settlement Depository meant it had met its obligations on the bond coupon “in full.” The debt also has a ruble-fallback option  which allows Russia to make the payment in its local currency  provided it meets certain requirements.While the Finance Ministry cited a dollar figure in its statement Tuesday  Minister Anton Siluanov has warned repeatedly that Russia could be forced to pay in rubles if its access to foreign currency is blocked.International creditors are closely monitoring the cash  even after a $117 million coupon payment went through last week  easing concerns about a potential sovereign default. Stringent sanctions and capital controls following President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine have left it unclear whether international investors can access the funds if they’re transferred to local accounts.JPMorgan Chase received and processed the payment after getting approvals from the U.S. Treasury Department  according to a person familiar with the matter  confirming a Reuters report earlier.Unlike last week’s interest payments  this bond’s prospectus states that the coupon settlement will be done through Russia’s central securities depository and Euroclear  one of the world’s biggest clearing houses. JPMorgan declined to comment.Billions of dollars of Russian government and company debt have been put in question after as much as two thirds of the country’s foreign currency reserves were frozen  as well as the overseas assets of numerous billionaires. Russia has at least $400 million of interest payments coming due over the next 10 weeks  as well as a $2 billion bond it must repay next month  data compiled by Bloomberg show.Credit Bank of Moscow  a lender the Russian central bank has designated systemically important  said it fulfilled an obligation to make a $9.7 million coupon payment on its $500 million September 2026 bond. Two bondholders  who declined to be named as they aren’t authorized to speak publicly about the matter  said they had received payment.Online lender Tinkoff Bank also paid its debt interest on time on its perpetual dollar-denominated notes. Multiple bondholders confirmed they had received a $6.94 million coupon due March 15  and a $9 million coupon due March 20.,neutral,0.03,0.84,0.13,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,True,English,"['$66 million coupon transfer', 'Russia', 'investors', 'U.S. Treasury Department', 'Online lender Tinkoff Bank', 'Minister Anton Siluanov', 'potential sovereign default', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'biggest clearing houses', 'perpetual dollar-denominated notes', 'central securities depository', 'Russian central bank', 'sovereign bond maturing', 'National Settlement Depository', 'The Finance Ministry', '$500 million September 2026 bond', 'foreign currency reserves', 'latest debt coupon', '$117 million coupon payment', '$9.7 million coupon payment', 'Credit Bank', 'coupon settlement', '$6.94 million coupon', '$9 million coupon', 'local depository', 'bond coupon', 'Foreign holders', 'local currency', '$66 million payment', '$2 billion bond', 'ruble-fallback option', 'dollar figure', 'International creditors', 'Stringent sanctions', 'capital controls', 'international investors', 'Reuters report', 'last week', 'interest payments', 'Russian government', 'company debt', 'two thirds', 'overseas assets', 'numerous billionaires', 'next 10 weeks', 'Bloomberg show', 'Two bondholders', 'debt interest', 'Multiple bondholders', 'local accounts', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'transfer', 'obligations', 'requirements', 'statement', 'rubles', 'access', 'cash', 'concerns', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'funds', 'approvals', 'person', 'matter', 'prospectus', 'Euroclear', 'world', 'Billions', 'dollars', 'question', 'country', 'data', 'Moscow', 'time', 'March']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,stripes.com
1189,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.di.se/pressreleaser/2022/03/22/nanoform-nanoform-announces-its-intention-to-carry-out-a-new-share-issue-to-raise-approximately-eur/,Nanoform announces its intention to carry out a new share issue to raise approximately EUR 25 million to prepare for GMP manufacturing in the USA,"New share issue intended to raise approximately EUR 25 million Accelerated book building process to commence immediately Proceeds to be used to accelerate Nanoform’s growth strategy with an investment in USA GMP manufacturing A second manufacturing site increases proximity to existing and new customers in the world’s largest pharmaceutical market Nanoform Finland Plc (“Nanoform"" or the “Company”) announces its intention to carry out a new share issue (“Shares”) ","Inside informationNanoform Finland PlcMarch 22  202218:31 Finnish time / 17:31 Swedish timeNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  NEW ZEALAND  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN  HONG KONG  SINGAPORE OR SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.Nanoform announces its intention to carry out a new share issue to raise approximately EUR 25 million to prepare for GMP manufacturing in the USANew share issue intended to raise approximately EUR 25 millionAccelerated book building process to commence immediatelyProceeds to be used to accelerate Nanoform’s growth strategy with an investment in USA GMP manufacturingA second manufacturing site increases proximity to existing and new customers in the world’s largest pharmaceutical marketNanoform Finland Plc (“Nanoform"" or the “Company”) announces its intention to carry out a new share issue (“Shares”)  to raise approximately EUR 25 million by means of an accelerated book building process (the ""Placing""). The Placing is intended to be directed to Nordic and international institutional and other qualified investors.The subscription price and the total number of new shares will be determined through a book building process. Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch (""Danske Bank"") and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (""SEB"") are acting as Joint Bookrunners of the Placing. The result of the Placing will be published by way of a company release after the completion of the book building. The book building will be launched immediately following the publication of this company release. The book building can be discontinued or extended at any time during the book building process.The purpose of the contemplated Placing is to raise funds to accelerate Nanoform’s growth strategy with an investment in a new manufacturing site in the United States. Nanoform’s strategy has since incorporation been to focus on the European and US markets. Establishing manufacturing capabilities in the US  the world’s largest pharma-market  is a natural next step for Nanoform.The Company continues to be committed to the strong execution of its communicated strategy. The Company reached all its near-term targets for 2021 and is on track to deliver both on its near-term business targets for 2022 and in June 2021 raised its mid-term business targets for 2025. The funding from the Company’s IPO in 2020 and the directed share issue in March 2021 is still deemed sufficient for the growth strategy then communicated.The Placing is expected to allow Nanoform  in a timely and cost-efficient manner  to obtain financing on terms that  in the assessment of Nanoform's board of directors  will be more beneficial than the terms that would otherwise be available  and therefore weighty financial reasons exist for deviating from the pre-emptive rights of the shareholders. In the board of directors' assessment  the subscription price per Share is expected to be in accordance with market conditions  since it will be determined through an accelerated book building procedure. The Placing is also expected to broaden the Company’s shareholder base among Nordic and international institutional investors and increase the liquidity of trading in its shares. The Placing will be carried out based on the authorisations given to the board of directors by the Company's annual general meeting of April 6  2021.In connection with the Placing  the Company has entered into a lock-up undertaking  with certain customary exceptions  regarding future share issues for a period of 180 calendar days from the closing of the Placing.Subject to the completion of the Placing  the Shares (ISIN code FI4000330972) will be registered with the trade register maintained by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office on or about March 23  2022. The Shares are expected to be ready for delivery to the investors against payment through Euroclear Finland Ltd or  as applicable  through Euroclear Sweden AB on or about March 25  2022. Trading in the Shares is expected to commence on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market Finland and Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market Sweden on or about March 25  2022.Danske Bank and SEB act as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Financial Advisors of the Placing. Borenius Attorneys Ltd is the legal counsel to the Company and to the Joint Bookrunners and Joint Financial Advisors as to Finnish law.Nanoform Finland PlcBoard of directorsThe information in the company release is information that Nanoform is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was sent for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out above  on March 22  2022 at 18:31 Finnish time / 17:31 Swedish time.For further information  please contact:Albert Hæggström  CFOalbert.haeggstrom@nanoform.com / +358 29 370 0150For investor relations queries  please contact:Henri von Haartman  Director of Investor Relationshvh@nanoform.com / +46 7686 650 11About NanoformNanoform is an innovative nanoparticle medicine enabling company. Nanoform works together with pharma and biotech partners globally to provide hope for patients in developing new and improved medicines utilizing Nanoform’s platform technologies. The Company focuses on reducing clinical attrition and on enhancing drug molecules’ performance through its nanoforming technologies and formulation services. Nanoform’s capabilities include GMP manufacturing  and its services span the small to large molecule development space with a focus on solving key issues in drug solubility and bioavailability and on enabling novel drug delivery applications.Nanoform’s shares are listed on the Premier segment of Nasdaq First North Growth Market in Helsinki (ticker: NANOFH) and Stockholm (ticker: NANOFS). Certified Adviser: Danske Bank A/S  Finland Branch  +358 40 744 1900. For more information  please visit http://www.nanoform.comForward-Looking StatementsThis company release contains forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  statements regarding Nanoform’s strategy  business plans and focus. The words may ” “will ” “could ” “would ” “should ” “expect ” “plan ” “anticipate ” “intend ” believe ” “estimate ” “predict ” “project ” “potential ” “continue ” “target” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any forward-looking statements in this company release are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and important factors that may cause actual events or results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements contained in this company release  including  without limitation  any related to Nanoform’s business  operations  clinical trials  supply chain  strategy  goals and anticipated timelines and competition from other companies. Nanoform cautions you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date they are made. Nanoform disclaims any obligation to publicly update or revise any such statements to reflect any change in expectations or in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statements may be based  or that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in this company release represent Nanoform’s views only as of the date hereof and should not be relied upon as representing its views as of any subsequent date.Important noticeThe distribution of this release may be restricted by law and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The information contained herein is not for publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States  Canada  New Zealand  Australia  Japan  Hong Kong  Singapore or South Africa or in or into any other jurisdiction in which publishing or distributing would be prohibited by applicable law. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. This release is not directed to  and is not intended for distribution to or use by  any person or entity that is a citizen or resident or located in any locality  state  country or other jurisdiction where such distribution  publication  availability or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would require any registration or licensing within such jurisdiction.This announcement and this offering are only addressed to and directed at persons in member states of the European Economic Area (each a “Relevant State”) who are “Qualified Investors” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. The securities are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  Qualified Investors. This announcement should not be acted upon or relied upon in any Relevant State by persons who are not Qualified Investors. For the purposes of this announcement the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.This announcement does not constitute an offer of the securities to the public in the United Kingdom. No prospectus has been or will be approved in the United Kingdom in respect of the securities. This announcement is only being distributed to and is only directed at persons outside the United Kingdom  or persons in the United Kingdom who are “Qualified Investors” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) who are (i) investment professionals within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Order”) or (ii) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom this announcement may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). This announcement must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this announcement relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.This release does not constitute an offer for sale of securities in the United States. The shares may not be offered or sold within the United States absent of registration or an exemption under the U.S. Securities Act 1933 (as amended). The Company has not registered and it does not intend to register  any portion of the offering in the United States  and it does not intend to conduct a public offering in the United States.Danske Bank and SEB act only for and on behalf of Nanoform Finland Plc in connection of the share issue. Danske Bank and SEB do not hold any other party as its client or cannot be held accountable to advise other parties than Nanoform Finland Plc with regards to the share issue or other matters referred here to.Följande bilagor finns för nedladdning:ReleaseSe fullständigt pressmeddelande och andra nyheter från detta bolag på Cision News.Vill du också synas med dina nyheter på Di.se?Läs mer om publicering på Di.se",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.24,0.18,0.58,True,English,"['new share issue', 'GMP manufacturing', 'Nanoform', 'intention', 'USA', 'Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market Sweden', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB', 'Albert Hæggström', 'Accelerated book building process', 'largest pharmaceutical market', 'natural next step', 'weighty financial reasons', 'annual general meeting', 'Borenius Attorneys Ltd', 'investor relations queries', 'Henri von Haartman', 'Investor Relations hvh', 'mid-term business targets', 'second manufacturing site', 'book building procedure', 'future share issues', 'Joint Financial Advisors', 'new manufacturing site', 'near-term business targets', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'other qualified investors', 'new share issue', 'Danske Bank A/S', 'international institutional investors', 'USA GMP manufacturing', 'Euroclear Sweden', 'Nanoform Finland Plc', 'market conditions', 'growth strategy', 'near-term targets', 'manufacturing capabilities', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'new customers', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'Finland Branch', 'largest pharma-market', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'UNITED STATES', 'HONG KONG', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'subscription price', 'total number', 'strong execution', 'cost-efficient manner', 'pre-emptive rights', 'shareholder base', 'lock-up undertaking', 'customary exceptions', '180 calendar days', 'ISIN code', 'trade register', 'Finnish Patent', 'Registration Office', 'legal counsel', 'Finnish law', 'contact persons', '31 Finnish time', '17:31 Swedish time', 'new shares', 'US markets', 'company release', 'The Company', ""directors' assessment"", 'The Placing', 'information', 'March', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'SINGAPORE', 'intention', 'Proceeds', 'investment', 'proximity', 'existing', 'world', 'means', 'Nordic', 'SEB', 'result', 'way', 'completion', 'purpose', 'funds', 'incorporation', 'European', 'track', 'June', 'funding', 'IPO', 'timely', 'financing', 'terms', 'board', 'shareholders', 'accordance', 'liquidity', 'trading', 'authorisations', 'April', 'connection', 'period', 'closing', 'delivery', 'payment', 'agency', 'CFO', 'haeggstrom', 'innovative']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,di.se
1190,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/annual-general-meeting-alfa-laval-144700832.html,Annual General Meeting in Alfa Laval AB (publ),The shareholders in Alfa Laval AB (publ) (Registration number 556587-8054 and registered office in Lund) are given notice to the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday  April 26  2022,LUND  Sweden  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Alfa Laval AB (publ) (Registration number 556587-8054 and registered office in Lund) are given notice to the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday  April 26  2022The Annual General Meeting of Alfa Laval AB will be held on Tuesday  April 26  2022  at 4.00 p.m. CET at Scandic Star Lund  Gastelyckan  Glimmervägen 5  Lund  Sweden. Registration starts at 3.30 p.m. Coffee will be served at the venue from 3.00 p.m.Alfa Laval follows the guidelines on the Covid-19 Pandemic issued by the Swedish Public Health Organization at any given time. Any changes that will affect the general meeting will be published on Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/. Shareholders showing any symptoms are kindly requested to refrain from attending the general meeting in person.The company's CEO presentation will be published on Alfa Laval's website http://www.alfalaval.se/investerare/ after the general meeting.Right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and notice of participationA shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting mustbe recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on April 14  2022  and notice participation as follows below.A shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by advance voting must notify its intention to participate in the general meeting by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Advance Voting below  so that the advance vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than April 20  2022.A shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy  must notify participation at the latest April 20  2022  to Euroclear Sweden AB. Notification of participation can either be made by phone to +46 8 402 91 98  Monday to Friday 9:00 a.m. to 4.00 p.m.  or on the website https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy . Please state  name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying advisor(s) (maximum two).Story continuesNominee-registered sharesIn addition to providing notification of participation as described above  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on April 14  2022. The registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures. This means that the shareholder must notify the nominee in ample time. Voting right registrations completed no later than the second banking day after April 14  2022  is considered when preparing the register of shareholders.Advance VotingA special form for advance voting (postal voting) must be used. The form is available on Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/ under information about the Annual General Meeting. The completed voting form can either be sent by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or by mail to Alfa Laval AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. The advance vote must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than April 20  2022. A shareholder can also exercise its voting right electronically through Bank-ID verification. Further instructions can be found at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy . A shareholder who casts its advance vote electronically must submit the vote no later than April 20  2022. No special instructions  conditions  or other additions may be provided to the advance vote. An advance voting form containing any special instructions or conditions will make the vote invalid in its entirety. For further instructions and conditions  please see the form for advance voting.If a shareholder votes in advance as well as notifies its participation at the venue in person  the advance vote remains valid to the extent that the shareholder does not participate in a voting during the general meeting or otherwise withdraws the submitted advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting during the general meeting  the cast vote will replace the previously submitted advance vote on the item in question.For any questions regarding the advance voting or to request a voting form sent by mail  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB on telephone +46 8 402 91 98 (Monday to Friday 9.00 a.m. to 4.00 p.m.).Proxy etc.Shareholders who vote in advance by proxy must enclose a written and dated proxy together with the completed voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority must be enclosed as well.If a shareholder is represented by a proxy at the venue  a written and dated proxy  as well as a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority  should be sent by mail to Alfa Laval AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm well in advance of the general meeting and must otherwise be brought to the general meeting.A proxy form is available at Alfa Laval's website https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the Annual General Meeting.2. Election of Chairman for the general meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting register.4. Approval of the agenda for the general meeting.5. Election of one or two persons to attest the minutes.6. Determination whether the general meeting has been duly convened.7. Statement by the CEO.8. Presentation of the annual report and the Auditor's report  as well as the consolidated annual report and the Auditor's report for the group  and the Auditor's report regarding compliance with the applicable Executive Remuneration Policy.9. Resolution ona. the adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b. allocation of the company's profit according to the adopted balance sheet  and record date for distribution of profits; andc. discharge from liability for members of the Board of Directors and the CEO.10. Presentation of the Board of Directors' remuneration report for approval.11. Determination of the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the general meeting as well as the number of Auditors and deputy Auditors.12. Determination of compensation to the Board of Directors and the Auditors.13. Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors  other members of the Board of Directors and deputy members of the Board of Directors  as well as Auditors and deputy Auditors.14. Resolution on reduction of the share capital by cancellation of shares in the company and on increase of the share capital through a bonus issue.15. Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to decide on purchase of shares in the company.16. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Proposed resolutionsItem 2The Nomination Committee proposes that the Chairman of the Board of Directors  Dennis Jönsson  is appointed Chairman of the 2022 Annual General Meeting.Item 9 (b)The Board of Directors proposes a distribution of profits in an amount of SEK 6 per share for 2021. Record date for the right to receive dividend is proposed to be April 28  2022. If the general meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  Euroclear Sweden AB is expected to pay the dividend on May 3  2022.Item 11 -13The Nomination Committee proposes as follows.Item 11: The number of members of the Board of Directors  who are elected by the general meeting  is proposed to be reduced by one person and thus consist of eight elected members with no deputies. Both the number of Auditors and the number of deputy Auditors are proposed to be two.Item 12: The compensation to the Board of Directors is proposed to be SEK 6 345 000 (SEK 6 770 000). The compensation is to be distributed among the members of the Board who are elected by the general meeting and not employed by the company  as follows:Chairman of the Board of Directors SEK 1 900 000(SEK 1 850 000) Other members of the Board of Directors SEK 635 000(SEK 615 000)In addition to the above proposed compensation  it is also proposed that additional compensation shall be distributed to the elected members of the Board who also hold a position in any of the Committees as follows below:Additional compensation to the Chairman of the Audit Committee SEK 300 000(SEK 250 000) Additional compensation to other members of the Audit Committee SEK 150 000 (SEK 150 000) Additional compensation to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee SEK 75 000 (SEK 75 000) Additional compensation to other members of the Remuneration Committee SEK 75 000 (SEK 75 000)Bracketed figures refer to compensation for year 2021. Please note that the total amount proposed for 2022 includes compensation for eight members of the Board compared to nine members in 2021.Compensation to the Auditors is proposed to be paid as per approved invoice.Item 13: The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Lilian Fossum Biner  Maria Moræus Hanssen  Dennis Jönsson  Henrik Lange  Ray Mauritsson  Finn Rausing  Jörn Rausing and Ulf Wiinberg  for the time up to the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023. Dennis Jönsson is proposed to be re-appointed as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Information on all members proposed as Board members and the Nomination Committee's reasoned statement are available at Alfa Laval's website  https://www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/ .In accordance with the Remuneration Committee's recommendation  the Nomination Committee proposes that the authorized public accountants Staffan Landén and Karoline Tedevall are re-elected as the company's Auditors for the forthcoming year  thus for the time up to the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023. The Nomination Committee further proposes that the authorized public accountants Henrik Jonzén and Andreas Mast are re-elected as the company's deputy Auditors for the forthcoming year  thus for the time up to the end of the 2023 Annual General Meeting.Item 14The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to reduce the share capital by cancellation of the 5 579 492 shares that currently have been repurchased under Alfa Laval AB's share buy-back program. The Board of Directors proposes that the reduction amount is transferred to the company's non-restricted equity  whereby the share capital is reduced by SEK 14 854 300.To restore the share capital after the reduction of the share capital  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting simultaneously resolves to increase the share capital by SEK 14 854 300 by way of a bonus issue without issuing new shares. The reduction amount is proposed to be transferred from the company's non-restricted equity.The Board of Director's report in accordance with Chapter 20  Section 13 of the Swedish Companies Act:The effect of the Board of Directors' proposal on reduction of the share capital is that the company's share capital and restricted equity will be reduced by SEK 14 854 300. The effect of the Board of Directors' proposal regarding increase of the share capital by way of a bonus issue is that the share capital and restricted equity will be increased by SEK 14 854 300. Thus  the combined effect is that neither the company's share capital nor the restricted equity is reduced. The auditors' statement in accordance with Chapter 20  Section 14 of the Swedish companies Act is included in the material for the Annual General Meeting.Item 15The Board of Directors proposes authorization to the Board of Directors to decide to purchase shares in the company as follows.The Board of Directors is authorized  during a period up until the Annual General Meeting 2023  to purchase shares in the company on as many occasions as it deems appropriate  however  only to the extent that the company's holding at no time exceeds five percent of the shares in the company that are not repurchased. Purchase shall be made on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price per share within the prevailing price interval. The purpose of the authorization is to give the Board the possibility to adjust the capital structure of the company until the next Annual General Meeting  after which the Board intends to propose that repurchased shares are cancelled and that a corresponding bonus issue of shares is initiated to restore the size of the share capital.Available documentsThe annual report and other basis for the resolutions  including the Nomination Committee's proposals and its reasoned statement  will be available on the company's website  www.alfalaval.com/investors/corporate-governance/  no later than April 5  2022.Number of shares and votes in the companyAt the date of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in the company is 419 456 315. All shares are of the same class. Alfa Laval's holding of own shares amounts to 5 579 492 shares as of March 18  2022.Information at the Annual General MeetingThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and if the Board of Directors considers that this is possible without significant harm to the company  give information on circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the financial situation of the company or its subsidiaries and the company's relationship with another group company.Processing of personal dataFor information regarding the company's processing of personal data and shareholders rights  please see the Privacy Policy at: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf or contact the company at the following email address: dataprivacy@alfalaval.com.Lund  March 2022ALFA LAVAL AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsAlfa LavalBox 73 221 00 LUND+46 46 36 65 00+46 46 30 50 90http://www.alfalaval.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/alfa-laval/r/annual-general-meeting-in-alfa-laval-ab--publ- c3529881The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/905/3529881/1551936.pdf Notice to attend AGM 2022CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/annual-general-meeting-in-alfa-laval-ab-publ-301507943.htmlSOURCE Alfa Laval,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.2,0.22,0.58,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Alfa Laval AB', 'Swedish Public Health Organization', 'accompanying advisor(s', 'second banking day', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Alfa Laval AB', 'Scandic Star Lund', 'corporate registration number', 'voting right registration', 'advance voting form', 'Glimmervägen', 'Covid-19 Pandemic', 'CEO presentation', 'right registrations', 'postal voting', 'Bank-ID verification', 'other additions', 'legal entity', 'special form', 'cast vote', 'advance vote', 'share register', 'Further instructions', 'special instructions', 'telephone number', 'ample time', 'equivalent certificate', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'latest April', 'anmalan.vpc', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'office', 'notice', 'Tuesday', 'CET', 'Gastelyckan', 'Coffee', 'venue', 'guidelines', 'changes', 'website', 'alfalaval', 'investors', 'corporate-governance', 'symptoms', 'person', 'participation', 'circumstances', 'intention', 'accordance', 'heading', 'proxy', 'Notification', 'Friday', '9:00 a', 'state', 'name', 'address', 'Story', 'procedures', 'information', 'email', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'extent', 'item', 'question', 'Monday', '9.00 a', 'written', 'dated', 'incorporation', 'authority', '4.00', '3.30', '3.00']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1191,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finews.com/news/english-news/50673-euroclear-invests-to-expand-dlt-capabilities,Euroclear Invests to Expand Blockchain Capabilities,Post trade services provider Euroclear is investing in a blockchain consortium that is exploring using distributed ledger technology for settling trades.,Post trade services provider Euroclear is investing in a blockchain consortium that is exploring using distributed ledger technology for settling trades.Euroclear  a provider of settlement and custody services for domestic and cross-border securities transactions  on Tuesday announced an investment in Fnality  an international banking consortium building a platform supporting the adoption of tokenized assets.The partnership aims to provide innovative solutions using distributed ledger technology (DLT) for the settlement of digital securities against digital cash.Test PhaseA global roll-out is planned this year of Fnality’s distributed Financial Market Infrastructures (dFMIs) network. This will provide near-real-time 24/7 settlement capability for central bank money-like digital cash assets  and facilitate interoperability with other platforms. The aim is to allow banks to significantly reduce intraday liquidity requirements  and unlock the institutional potential of tokenized financial markets.Recently Euroclear led an experiment using central bank digital currency (CBDC) to settle French government bond transactions using DLT. The project  commissioned by the French central bank  showed it is possible to manage post-trade operations in CBDC  the report said.BIS Innovation HubEuroclear's announcement comes the same day the Bank for International Settlements (BIS) said its innovation hub developed two prototypes for a common international settlement platform for using multiple central bank digital currencies (mCBDCs).The project  dubbed Dunbar  also showed that financial institutions could use CBDCs issued by participating central banks to transact directly with each other on a shared platform  according to BIS.«Project Dunbar marks a key milestone in advancing the efficiency of cross border payments globally. The strong collaboration between participating central banks  commercial banks and technology solution providers has established the foundation for developing future ready payment rails » said Sopnendu Mohanty  the chief fintech officer of the Monetary Authority of SingaporeSwiss Banks ParticipateFounded in 2019  Fnality’s shareholders include UBS  Credit Suisse  ING and Nasdaq  among others.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['Blockchain Capabilities', 'Euroclear', 'multiple central bank digital currencies', 'future ready payment rails', 'French government bond transactions', 'real-time 24/7 settlement capability', 'distributed Financial Market Infrastructures', 'central bank digital currency', 'Post trade services provider', 'common international settlement platform', 'French central bank', 'central bank money', 'distributed ledger technology', 'cross-border securities transactions', 'intraday liquidity requirements', 'cross border payments', 'technology solution providers', 'chief fintech officer', 'participating central banks', 'international banking consortium', 'tokenized financial markets', 'digital cash assets', 'BIS Innovation Hub', 'digital securities', 'custody services', 'tokenized assets', 'International Settlements', 'financial institutions', 'blockchain consortium', 'shared platform', 'commercial banks', 'Swiss Banks', 'innovative solutions', 'Test Phase', 'global roll-out', 'other platforms', 'institutional potential', 'post-trade operations', 'two prototypes', 'key milestone', 'strong collaboration', 'Sopnendu Mohanty', 'Monetary Authority', 'Credit Suisse', 'Project Dunbar', 'BIS.', 'Euroclear', 'trades', 'domestic', 'Tuesday', 'investment', 'Fnality', 'adoption', 'partnership', 'DLT', 'dFMIs', 'network', 'interoperability', 'aim', 'experiment', 'CBDC', 'report', 'announcement', 'efficiency', 'foundation', 'Singapore', 'shareholders', 'UBS', 'Nasdaq', 'others']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,finews.com
1192,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2022/03/188707-euroclear-a-securities-settlement-house-joins-bank-backed-dlt-payment-platform/,Euroclear  a Securities Settlement House  Joins Bank-backed DLT Payment Platform,Euroclear  a securities settlement house  has joined a consortium of banking institutions that are developing a payment solution for tokenized assets.,Euroclear  a securities settlement house  has joined a consortium of banking institutions that are developing a payment solution for tokenized assets.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Bank-backed DLT Payment Platform', 'Securities Settlement House', 'Euroclear', 'securities settlement house', 'banking institutions', 'payment solution', 'tokenized assets', 'Euroclear', 'consortium']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,crowdfundinsider.com
1193,Euroclear,Bing API,https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/russia-sends-66-million-coupon-091316562.html,Russia Sends $66 Million Coupon to Depository as Investors Wait,Foreign holders of Russia’s sovereign bond maturing in 2029 are watching their accounts for the latest debt coupon from the sanctioned nation after the government said a $66 million payment had been made to its local depository.,(Bloomberg) -- Foreign holders of Russia’s sovereign bond maturing in 2029 are watching as the latest debt payment from the sanctioned nation draws closer to completion.Most Read from BloombergThe $66 million coupon due March 21 was processed Tuesday by Russia’s National Settlement Depository  it said in a statement. Earlier in the day  the Finance Ministry said it had transferred the cash to the NSD  thus meeting its obligations “in full.” Four bondholders in Europe said they hadn’t received the payment as of 3.40 p.m. in London.From this point  the cash would typically journey to custodian banks  which hold assets for safekeeping  then to bondholders’ accounts. But given the sweeping sanctions in place against Russia following President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine  concerns will remain until the money actually lands in investors’ accounts.Billions of dollars of Russian government and company debt have been put in question after as much as two thirds of the country’s foreign currency reserves were frozen  as well as the overseas assets of numerous billionaires. Russia has at least $400 million of interest payments coming due over the next 10 weeks  as well as a $2 billion bond it must repay next month  data compiled by Bloomberg show. Last week  the government paid $117 million in coupon payments.“Using up their very finite foreign-currency reserves could be a good long term investment -- but that thinking clearly hasn’t been applied to the management of their reputation anywhere else ” said Gordon Shannon  a portfolio manager at TwentyFour Asset Management.Financial PlumbingUnlike the terms of the bonds with coupon payments last week  the March 2029 prospectus has a ruble-fallback option  which allows Russia to make the transfer in its local currency. That’s raised questions about the ultimate denomination of the payment and prompted investors to track it from the start.Story continuesREAD MORE: Inside Russia’s 96-Hour Cliffhanger to Sidestep Bond DefaultRussia sent the cash to JPMorgan Chase & Co.  which processed the payment after getting approvals from the U.S. Treasury Department  according to a person familiar with the matter  confirming a Reuters report earlier. Unlike the payment of the previous week  this bond’s prospectus states that the coupon settlement would be done through Russia’s central securities depository and Euroclear  one of the world’s biggest clearing houses. JPMorgan declined to comment earlier.It’s not a process investors typically follow. The back-office moves took center stage after sanctions and capital controls were imposed on Russia  and investors braced for a default. For now  the process is working  and not just for the sovereign.Credit Bank of Moscow  a lender the Russian central bank has designated systemically important  said it fulfilled an obligation to make a $9.7 million coupon payment on its $500 million September 2026 bond. Two bondholders  who declined to be named as they aren’t authorized to speak publicly about the matter  said they had received payment.Online lender Tinkoff Bank also paid its debt interest on time on its perpetual dollar-denominated notes. Multiple bondholders confirmed they had received a $6.94 million coupon due March 15  and a $9 million coupon due March 20.Corporates and the sovereign have shown willingness to meet their financial obligations -- a relief to investors who thought they wouldn’t see their cash after a presidential decree earlier in the month said some investors could be paid in rubles.The government is “paying because they have significant western assets that creditors would lay a claim on if they go to bankruptcy ” said Phillip Torres  a senior portfolio manager of emerging market debt at Aegon Asset Management in Chicago. “They are going to pay as long as they are able to. There is a real cost in going to bankruptcy that they would want to avoid.”(Updates with details throughout)Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek©2022 Bloomberg L.P.,neutral,0.02,0.88,0.11,mixed,0.1,0.16,0.73,True,English,"['$66 Million Coupon', 'Russia', 'Depository', 'Investors', 'good long term investment', 'U.S. Treasury Department', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'finite foreign-currency reserves', 'central securities depository', 'biggest clearing houses', 'perpetual dollar-denominated notes', 'National Settlement Depository', 'emerging market debt', 'TwentyFour Asset Management', 'Aegon Asset Management', 'foreign currency reserves', 'significant western assets', 'senior portfolio manager', 'Russian central bank', '2022 Bloomberg L.P.', '$500 million September 2026 bond', 'Sidestep Bond Default', 'latest debt payment', '$9.7 million coupon payment', 'coupon settlement', '$66 million coupon', '$6.94 million coupon', '$9 million coupon', 'Foreign holders', 'company debt', 'local currency', 'debt interest', 'Credit Bank', 'Tinkoff Bank', '$2 billion bond', 'coupon payments', 'Finance Ministry', 'Four bondholders', 'custodian banks', 'bondholders’ accounts', 'two thirds', 'overseas assets', 'numerous billionaires', 'interest payments', 'next 10 weeks', 'Gordon Shannon', 'Financial Plumbing', 'ruble-fallback option', 'ultimate denomination', '96-Hour Cliffhanger', 'Reuters report', 'previous week', 'back-office moves', 'center stage', 'capital controls', 'Two bondholders', 'Multiple bondholders', 'presidential decree', 'Phillip Torres', 'real cost', 'Russian government', 'Bloomberg show', 'Bloomberg Businessweek', 'sovereign bond', 'sweeping sanctions', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'Online lender', 'financial obligations', 'investors’ accounts', 'March 2029 prospectus', 'completion', 'statement', 'day', 'cash', 'NSD', 'Europe', 'London', 'point', 'safekeeping', 'place', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'concerns', 'money', 'Billions', 'dollars', 'question', 'country', 'data', 'thinking', 'reputation', 'terms', 'bonds', 'transfer', 'start', 'Story', 'Co.', 'approvals', 'person', 'matter', 'Euroclear', 'world', 'process', 'Moscow', 'time', 'Corporates', 'willingness', 'relief', 'month', 'rubles', 'creditors', 'claim', 'bankruptcy', 'Chicago', 'Updates', 'details', '3.40']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,ca.finance.yahoo.com
1194,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.bnnbloomberg.ca/russia-depository-processes-us-66m-eurobond-coupon-payment-1.1741066,Russia depository processes US$66M Eurobond coupon payment,Russia’s National Settlement Depository said it has processed the US$66 million coupon payment on a Eurobond. The coupon  which was due on Monday  is for Russia’s March 2029 dollar bonds  according to a NSD statement.,Foreign holders of Russia’s sovereign bond maturing in 2029 are watching as the latest debt payment from the sanctioned nation draws closer to completion.The US$66 million coupon due March 21 was processed Tuesday by Russia’s National Settlement Depository  it said in a statement. Earlier in the day  the Finance Ministry said it had transferred the cash to the NSD  thus meeting its obligations “in full.” Four bondholders in Europe said they hadn’t received the payment as of 3.40 p.m. in London.From this point  the cash would typically journey to custodian banks  which hold assets for safekeeping  then to bondholders’ accounts. But given the sweeping sanctions in place against Russia following President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine  concerns will remain until the money actually lands in investors’ accounts.Billions of dollars of Russian government and company debt have been put in question after as much as two thirds of the country’s foreign currency reserves were frozen  as well as the overseas assets of numerous billionaires. Russia has at least US$400 million of interest payments coming due over the next 10 weeks  as well as a US$2 billion bond it must repay next month  data compiled by Bloomberg show. Last week  the government paid US$117 million in coupon payments.“Using up their very finite foreign-currency reserves could be a good long term investment -- but that thinking clearly hasn’t been applied to the management of their reputation anywhere else ” said Gordon Shannon  a portfolio manager at TwentyFour Asset Management.FINANCIAL PLUMBINGUnlike the terms of the bonds with coupon payments last week  the March 2029 prospectus has a ruble-fallback option  which allows Russia to make the transfer in its local currency. That’s raised questions about the ultimate denomination of the payment and prompted investors to track it from the start.Russia sent the cash to JPMorgan Chase & Co.  which processed the payment after getting approvals from the U.S. Treasury Department  according to a person familiar with the matter  confirming a Reuters report earlier. Unlike the payment of the previous week  this bond’s prospectus states that the coupon settlement would be done through Russia’s central securities depository and Euroclear  one of the world’s biggest clearing houses. JPMorgan declined to comment earlier.It’s not a process investors typically follow. The back-office moves took center stage after sanctions and capital controls were imposed on Russia  and investors braced for a default. For now  the process is working  and not just for the sovereign.Credit Bank of Moscow  a lender the Russian central bank has designated systemically important  said it fulfilled an obligation to make a US$9.7 million coupon payment on its US$500 million September 2026 bond. Two bondholders  who declined to be named as they aren’t authorized to speak publicly about the matter  said they had received payment.Online lender Tinkoff Bank also paid its debt interest on time on its perpetual dollar-denominated notes. Multiple bondholders confirmed they had received a US$6.94 million coupon due March 15  and a US$9 million coupon due March 20.Corporates and the sovereign have shown willingness to meet their financial obligations -- a relief to investors who thought they wouldn’t see their cash after a presidential decree earlier in the month said some investors could be paid in rubles.The government is “paying because they have significant western assets that creditors would lay a claim on if they go to bankruptcy ” said Phillip Torres  a senior portfolio manager of emerging market debt at Aegon Asset Management in Chicago. “They are going to pay as long as they are able to. There is a real cost in going to bankruptcy that they would want to avoid.”,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.08,mixed,0.06,0.14,0.8,True,English,"['US$66M Eurobond coupon payment', 'Russia depository processes', 'good long term investment', 'U.S. Treasury Department', 'The US$66 million coupon', 'Online lender Tinkoff Bank', 'US$500 million September 2026 bond', 'US$9.7 million coupon payment', 'US$6.94 million coupon', 'US$9 million coupon', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'finite foreign-currency reserves', 'central securities depository', 'biggest clearing houses', 'perpetual dollar-denominated notes', 'US$2 billion bond', 'National Settlement Depository', 'Russian central bank', 'emerging market debt', 'TwentyFour Asset Management', 'Aegon Asset Management', 'foreign currency reserves', 'significant western assets', 'senior portfolio manager', 'latest debt payment', 'coupon settlement', 'Credit Bank', 'coupon payments', 'Foreign holders', 'company debt', 'local currency', 'debt interest', 'Finance Ministry', 'Four bondholders', 'custodian banks', 'bondholders’ accounts', 'two thirds', 'overseas assets', 'numerous billionaires', 'interest payments', 'next 10 weeks', 'Bloomberg show', 'Gordon Shannon', 'FINANCIAL PLUMBING', 'ruble-fallback option', 'ultimate denomination', 'Reuters report', 'previous week', 'back-office moves', 'center stage', 'capital controls', 'Two bondholders', 'Multiple bondholders', 'presidential decree', 'Phillip Torres', 'real cost', 'sovereign bond', 'Russian government', 'sweeping sanctions', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'financial obligations', 'investors’ accounts', 'March 2029 prospectus', 'completion', 'statement', 'day', 'cash', 'NSD', 'Europe', 'London', 'point', 'safekeeping', 'place', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'concerns', 'money', 'Billions', 'dollars', 'question', 'country', 'data', 'thinking', 'reputation', 'terms', 'bonds', 'transfer', 'start', 'Co.', 'approvals', 'person', 'matter', 'Euroclear', 'world', 'process', 'default', 'Moscow', 'time', 'Corporates', 'willingness', 'relief', 'month', 'rubles', 'creditors', 'claim', 'bankruptcy', 'Chicago', '3.40']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,bnnbloomberg.ca
1195,Euroclear,Bing API,https://financialpost.com/pmn/business-pmn/jpmorgan-processed-russias-2029-bond-coupon-payment-reuters,Russia Sends $66 Million Coupon to Depository as Investors Wait,Foreign holders of Russia’s sovereign bond maturing in 2029 are watching their accounts for the latest debt coupon from the sanctioned nation after the government said a $66 million payment had been made to its local depository.,This advertisement has not loaded yet  but your article continues below.Russia Sends $66 Million Coupon to Depository as Investors WaitArticle content (Bloomberg) — Foreign holders of Russia’s sovereign bond maturing in 2029 are watching their accounts for the latest debt coupon from the sanctioned nation after the government said a $66 million payment had been made to its local depository. We apologize  but this video has failed to load.tap here to see other videos from our team. Try refreshing your browser  or Russia Sends $66 Million Coupon to Depository as Investors Wait Back to video The Finance Ministry announced that the transfer to the National Settlement Depository meant it had met its obligations on the bond coupon “in full.” The debt also has a ruble-fallback option  which allows Russia to make the payment in its local currency  provided it meets certain requirements.Advertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet  but your article continues below.Article content While the Finance Ministry cited a dollar figure in its statement announcing the payment on Tuesday  Minister Anton Siluanov has warned repeatedly that the world’s biggest energy exporter could be forced to pay in rubles if its access to foreign currency is blocked. International creditors are closely monitoring the cash  even after a $117 million coupon payment went through last week  easing concerns about a potential sovereign default. Still  stringent sanctions and capital controls following President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine have left it unclear whether international investors can access the funds if they’re transferred to local accounts. READ MORE: Inside Russia’s 96-Hour Cliffhanger to Sidestep Bond DefaultAdvertisement 3 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet  but your article continues below.Article content JPMorgan Chase & Co. received and processed the payment after getting approvals from the U.S. Treasury Department  according to a person familiar with the matter  confirming a Reuters report earlier. Unlike the last week’s interest payments  this bond’s prospectus states that the coupon settlement will be done through Russia’s central securities depository and Euroclear  one of the world’s biggest clearing houses. JPMorgan declined to comment. Billions of dollars of Russian government and company debt have been put in question after as much as two thirds of the country’s foreign currency reserves were frozen  as well as the overseas assets of numerous billionaires. Russia has at least $400 million of interest payments coming due over the next 10 weeks  as well as a $2 billion bond it must repay next month  data compiled by Bloomberg show. Credit Bank of Moscow — a lender the Russian central bank has designated systemically important — said it fulfilled its obligation to make a $9.7 million coupon payment on its $500 million September 2026 bond. Two bondholders  who declined to be named as they aren’t authorized to speak publicly about the matter  said they had received payment. ©2022 Bloomberg L.P. Bloomberg.comShare this article in your social networkAdvertisement Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet  but your article continues below.Financial Post Top Stories Sign up to receive the daily top stories from the Financial Post  a division of Postmedia Network Inc. Email Address There was an error  please provide a valid email address. Sign Up By clicking on the sign up button you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc. You may unsubscribe any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. Postmedia Network Inc. | 365 Bloor Street East  Toronto  Ontario  M4W 3L4 | 416-383-2300 Thanks for signing up! A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it  please check your junk folder. The next issue of Financial Post Top Stories will soon be in your inbox. We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again,neutral,0.02,0.88,0.11,mixed,0.15,0.12,0.73,True,English,"['$66 Million Coupon', 'Russia', 'Depository', 'Investors', 'U.S. Treasury Department', 'Financial Post Top Stories', '2022 Bloomberg L.P. Bloomberg', 'daily top stories', 'Minister Anton Siluanov', 'biggest energy exporter', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'biggest clearing houses', '365 Bloor Street East', 'Postmedia Network Inc.', 'potential sovereign default', 'Sidestep Bond Default', 'The Finance Ministry', 'central securities depository', 'Russian central bank', 'valid email address', 'foreign currency reserves', '$500 million September 2026 bond', 'National Settlement Depository', 'latest debt coupon', '$117 million coupon payment', '$9.7 million coupon payment', '$66 Million Coupon', 'coupon settlement', 'Bloomberg show', 'social network', 'sovereign bond', 'bond coupon', 'Credit Bank', 'Foreign holders', 'local currency', 'welcome email', '$66 million payment', '$2 billion bond', 'local depository', 'other videos', 'ruble-fallback option', 'dollar figure', 'International creditors', 'stringent sanctions', 'capital controls', '96-Hour Cliffhanger', 'Reuters report', 'last week', 'interest payments', 'Russian government', 'company debt', 'two thirds', 'overseas assets', 'numerous billionaires', 'next 10 weeks', 'Two bondholders', 'unsubscribe link', 'junk folder', 'local accounts', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'next issue', 'Advertisement 2 Story', 'Advertisement 3 Story', 'Advertisement Story', 'Article content', 'international investors', 'team', 'browser', 'transfer', 'obligations', 'requirements', 'statement', 'Tuesday', 'world', 'rubles', 'access', 'cash', 'concerns', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'funds', 'Co.', 'approvals', 'person', 'matter', 'prospectus', 'Euroclear', 'Billions', 'dollars', 'question', 'country', 'data', 'Moscow', 'lender', 'division', 'error', 'sign', 'button', 'newsletter', 'bottom', 'emails', 'Toronto', 'Ontario', 'M4W', 'way', 'inbox']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,financialpost.com
1196,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/arjo-notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-arjo-ab-publ-1647946800,Arjo: NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN ARJO AB (PUBL),The Arjo Board of Directors has decided to make it possible for shareholders who do not wish to attend the Annual General Meeting physically to exercise their right to vote by postal voting before the AGM in accordance with the regulations in Arjo's Articles of Association.,"The Arjo Board of Directors has decided to make it possible for shareholders who do not wish to attend the Annual General Meeting physically to exercise their right to vote by postal voting before the AGM in accordance with the regulations in Arjo's Articles of Association. In the case of postal voting  any questions must be submitted in advance.RIGHT TO ATTEND AND NOTICE OF ATTENDINGShareholders who wish to attend the AGM physically must:be recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Central Securities Depository)  on Tuesday 12 April 2022  andnotify the company of their intention to attend the AGM by Thursday 14 April 2022  preferably before 4.00 p.m. CEST.by post to the address Arjo AB (publ) ""Årsstämma 2022""  c/o Euroclear Sweden  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm by telephone 010-335 47 00 (weekdays 09.00 a.m. - 4.00 p.m. CEST)  orvia the company's website  www.arjo.com.The notice of attendance shall state name  personal or corporate identity number  address  telephone number and email address (if any)  and also the number of any advisors (not more than two). An entrance card to be shown when registering for the AGM will be sent in confirmation of the notice of attendance.Anyone who would like to attend the AGM physically in person or through a representative must register this as seen above. This means that registration through only postal voting as seen below is not sufficient for those who want to attend the AGM physically.Shareholders who wish to attend the AGM by postal voting must:be recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Central Securities Depository)  on Tuesday 12 April 2022  andno later than Thursday 14 April 2022  notify the company of their intention to attend the AGM by submitting their postal vote in accordance with the instructions under ""Postal-voting"" below in order for the postal vote to be received by Euroclear Sweden AB this day.In order to attend the AGM  shareholders with nominee-registered shares should  in addition to give notice of attendance physically or by postal vote  ensure that the shares are owner-registered for the shareholders name to be listed in the shareledger on Tuesday 12 April 2022. Such registration can be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and you request the nominee for temporary owner registration in accordance with the nominee's routines within the time the nominee decides. Owner-registration completed by the nominee no later than Thursday 14 April 2022 will be considered when the shareledger is produced.PROXYS  etc.Shareholders' participation physically or by postal voting represented by proxy must issue a written  signed and dated power of attorney. The power of attorney may not be more than one year old  unless a longer period of validity is stated  although maximum five years. Shareholders attending the AGM represented by proxy should in advance submit a power of attorney to Arjo AB (publ)  ""Årsstämma 2022""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm. Power of attorney for shareholders attending by postal-voting represented by proxy  shall be attached to the postal-voting form. A proxy form is available at the company and on the company's website  www.arjo.com. Representatives of a legal entity shall attach a copy of the certificate of registration or similar document of authorization.POSTAL-VOTINGFor postal voting  a specific form is used. The form is available on the company's website www.arjo.com. Postal voting only do not require any separate notice of attendance for the AGM.Postal voting can be made by:submitting the completed and signed form to Arjo AB (publ)  ""Årsstämma 2022""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  orsubmitting a scanned copy of the completed and signed form by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (type in ""Arjo AB - Postal voting"" in the subject matter box).Shareholders may also cast their postal votes digitally through BankID verification. Link to digital postal voting is available on the company's website www.arjo.com and https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.If the shareholder is a legal entity  certificate of registration or corresponding authorization document shall be enclosed this form. If the shareholder is represented by proxy  the power of attorney shall be enclosed (see ""Proxys  etc."" above).The completed form shall be received by Arjo via Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Thursday 14 April 2022. Electronic postal voting has to be made within the same time.The shareholder may not provide the postal vote form with any specific instructions or conditions. If made  the vote will be deemed invalid. Further instructions and conditions are stated in the postal voting form.PROPOSAL FOR AGENDA1. Opening of the Meeting2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting3. Election of minutes-checkers4. Preparation and approval of the voting list5. Approval of the agenda6. Determination of compliance with the rules of convocation7. Presentation ofa. the Annual Report and the Auditor's Reportb. the Consolidated Accounts and the Group Auditor's Reportc. the statement by the auditor on the compliance of the Guidelines for Remuneration to Senior Executives applicable since the last AGMd. the Board's proposal for distribution of the company's profit and the Board's reasoned statement thereon8. Presentation of work conducted by the Board of Directors and the by the Board appointed remuneration committee's and audit committee's work and purpose.9. Presentation by the CEO10. Resolution regarding adoption of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet as well as the Consolidated Income Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet11. Resolution regarding dispositions in respect of the company's profit according to the adopted Balance Sheet and determination of record date for dividend12. Resolution regarding discharge from liability for the Board of Directors and the CEO13. Establishment of the number of Board members and auditors14. Establishment of fees to the Board of Directors (including fees for work in Committees)  and the auditor(s)15. Election of Board of Directors and Chairman of the Boarda. re-election of Johan Malmquist;b. re-election of Carl Bennetc. re-election of Eva Elmstedtd. re-election of Dan Frohme. re-election of Ulf Grunanderf. re-election of Carola Lemneg. re-election of Joacim Lindoff; andh. re-election of Johan Malmquist as Chairman of the Board16. Election of auditor17. Resolution regarding Guidelines for Remuneration to Senior Executives18. Resolution regarding approval of remuneration report19. Closing of the MeetingPROPOSALS BY THE NOMINATION COMMITTEE AND THE BOARD OF DIRECTORSElection of Chairman of the Meeting (item 2)The Nomination Committee in respect of the 2022 AGM has comprised the Chairman of the Nomination Committee Carl Bennet (Carl Bennet AB)  Per Colleen (Fjärde AP-fonden)  Marianne Nilsson (Swedbank Robur Fonder)  and the Chairman of the Board Johan Malmquist. The Nomination Committee proposes the Chairman of the Board  Johan Malmquist  as Chairman of the AGM.Disposition and record date for dividend (item 11)The Board and the CEO have proposed that a dividend of SEK 1 15 per share shall be declared. As record date for the dividend  the Board proposes Tuesday  April 26  2022. If the AGM resolves in accordance with the proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB starting Friday  April 29  2022.Number of board members and auditors (item 13)The Nomination Committee has proposed that the number of Board members elected by the AGM shall be seven  without deputy members  and that a registered auditing company should be elected as the company's auditor.Board and committee fees (item 14)The Nomination Committee has proposed that board fees  excluding remuneration for Committee work  shall be paid in a total of SEK 4 775 000 of which  SEK 1 525 000 (1 475 000) to the Chairman and  SEK 650 000 (630 000) to each of the other Board members elected by the AGM who are not employees of the Group. Work in the Audit Committee shall  be compensated with SEK 270 000 (260 000) to the Chairman and SEK 135 000 (130 000) to each of the other members  and work in the Remuneration Committee shall be compensated with SEK 145 000 (140 000) to the Chairman and SEK 103 000 (100 000) to each of the other members.The Nomination Committee has further proposed that fees to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Election of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board (item 15)The Nomination Committee proposesre-election of the directors Johan Malmquist  Carl Bennet  Eva Elmstedt  Dan Frohm  Ulf Grunander  Carola Lemne and Joacim Lindoff  andre-election of Johan Malmquist as Chairman of the Board.Information concerning all members proposed for re-election is available on the company's website  www.arjo.com.Election of auditor (item 16)The Nomination Committee has proposed that the registered auditing company Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB shall be re-elected for the period until the end of the AGM 2023  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee. Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB has informed that  should the auditing company be elected  Cecilia Andrén Dorselius will be appointed as auditor in charge.The Board of Director's proposal for Guidelines for Remuneration to Senior Executives (item 17)The Board of Directors proposes that the 2022 AGM resolves on a clarification of the current Guidelines for Remuneration to Senior Executives regarding annual variable remuneration (STIP)  where objectives related to sustainability shall be included as one of the parameters in the calculation of this remuneration.The Board of Directors' complete proposal for Guidelines for Remuneration to Senior Executives appears from the administration report in the annual report.Resolution regarding approval of the remuneration report (item 18)The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to approve the Board's report over remunerations in accordance with the Chapter 8 section 53 a the Swedish Companies Act (the Remuneration Report).QUESTIONS AND SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS TO INFORMATIONThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall at the AGM  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without significant harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial position and the company's relation to other companies within the group. Shareholders can also submit questions in advance by post to Arjo AB (publ.)  Att: AGM matters  Hans Michelsensgatan 10  211 20 Malmö or by e-mail to AGM@arjo.com.DOCUMENTS AND OTHER INFORMATIONFinancial statements  Auditor's Report and other documents pursuant to item 7  the Board's reasoned statement under item 11  the complete proposals of the Board for the resolutions under items 17  and the Auditors statement pursuant to Chapter 8 section 54 the Swedish Companies Act regarding guidelines for remuneration to Senior Executives and the Board of Director's report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8 section 53 a the Swedish Companies Act (the Remuneration Report) will be available at the company and on the company's website  www.arjo.com  no later than Friday  April 1  2022.The Nomination Committee's complete proposal  reasoned statement on the proposed Board of Directors  and report on the work of the Nomination Committee are available on the company's website.The documents are presented by being available at the company and on the company's website. The above documents will  as from the date they are available  be sent to shareholders  who have stated their address  upon request. Copies will also be available at the AGM.The Arjo Annual Report 2021 will before the AGM be published digitally at the company's website. A printed copy of the Annual Report can be requested at www.arjo.com.The AGM shareledger will be available at the company's headoffice.The total number of shares in the company amounts to 272 369 573  whereof 18 217 200 shares of series A and 254 152 373 shares of series B. The total number of votes in the company amounts to 436 324 373.PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.------------Malmö in March 2022The Board of Directors of Arjo AB (publ)",neutral,0.03,0.89,0.08,mixed,0.21,0.07,0.72,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'ARJO AB', 'NOTICE', 'PUBL', 'Swedish Central Securities Depository', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate identity number', 'temporary owner registration', 'The Arjo Board', 'subject matter box', 'corresponding authorization document', 'digital postal voting', 'Electronic postal voting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'postal voting form', 'postal vote form', 'voting right registration', 'similar document', 'voting list', 'postal votes', 'Arjo AB', 'share register', 'Tuesday 12 April', 'Thursday 14 April', 'Årsstämma', 'state name', 'entrance card', 'longer period', 'legal entity', 'BankID verification', 'Annual Report', 'Such registration', 'specific form', 'completed form', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'telephone number', 'registered shares', 'scanned copy', 'same time', 'shareholders name', ""Shareholders' participation"", 'dated power', 'separate notice', 'postal-voting form', 'proxy form', 'email address', 'Directors', 'AGM', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Articles', 'Association', 'case', 'questions', 'advance', 'ATTEND', 'company', 'intention', 'CEST', 'publ', 'Stockholm', 'weekdays', 'website', 'personal', 'advisors', 'confirmation', 'Anyone', 'representative', 'order', 'nominee', 'addition', 'shareledger', 'routines', 'Owner-registration', 'PROXYS', 'written', 'signed', 'attorney', 'validity', 'certificate', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'type', 'Link', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'PROPOSAL', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'minutes-checkers', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'compliance', 'rules', 'convocation', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', '4.00', '9.00']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,privataaffarer.se
1197,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,JPMorgan hires diversity chief from Wells Fargo #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/VUd1EAxuLH #regtech,nan,JPMorgan hires diversity chief from Wells Fargo #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/VUd1EAxuLH #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['diversity chief', 'Wells Fargo', 'JPMorgan', 'Fintech', 'VUd1EAxuLH', 'regtech', 'diversity chief', 'Wells Fargo', 'JPMorgan', 'Fintech', 'VUd1EAxuLH', 'regtech']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1198,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,#Euroclear joins bank-backed #blockchain #paymentsystem #Finality consortium for #tokenised #assets in the latest s… https://t.co/k2Wa55VEje,nan,#Euroclear joins bank-backed #blockchain #paymentsystem #Finality consortium for #tokenised #assets in the latest s… https://t.co/k2Wa55VEje,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Finality consortium', 'k2Wa55VEje', 'Finality consortium', 'k2Wa55VEje']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1199,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear Joins Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System https://t.co/IGyBaOI4Nm,nan,Euroclear Joins Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System https://t.co/IGyBaOI4Nm,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Consortium Building Tokenized Payment\xa0System', 'Euroclear', 'IGyBaOI4Nm', 'Consortium Building Tokenized Payment\xa0System', 'Euroclear', 'IGyBaOI4Nm']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1200,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Securities Clearing Firm Euroclear Invests in Fnality  Advancing Distributed Ledger Technology#bitcoin #ethereum… https://t.co/AWLo89Izck,nan,Securities Clearing Firm Euroclear Invests in Fnality  Advancing Distributed Ledger Technology#bitcoin #ethereum… https://t.co/AWLo89Izck,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Securities Clearing Firm', 'Distributed Ledger Technology', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'bitcoin', 'ethereum', 'AWLo89Izck', 'Securities Clearing Firm', 'Distributed Ledger Technology', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'bitcoin', 'ethereum', 'AWLo89Izck']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1201,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality. #blockchain https://t.co/Rmhz0f1s88,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality. #blockchain https://t.co/Rmhz0f1s88,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'blockchain', 'Rmhz0f1s88', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'blockchain', 'Rmhz0f1s88']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1202,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/Sw1auN6JJy #altcoins,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/Sw1auN6JJy #altcoins,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'Sw1auN6JJy', 'altcoins', 'digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'Sw1auN6JJy', 'altcoins']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1203,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Today in FinTech: Euroclear Backs #Fnality | https://t.co/W9kbcxQjv0 - https://t.co/DZeQtoFVoN #GoogleAlerts,nan,Today in FinTech: Euroclear Backs #Fnality | https://t.co/W9kbcxQjv0 - https://t.co/DZeQtoFVoN #GoogleAlerts,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['FinTech', 'Euroclear', 'DZeQtoFVoN', 'GoogleAlerts', 'FinTech', 'Euroclear', 'DZeQtoFVoN', 'GoogleAlerts']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1204,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear Joins Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System https://t.co/PmvpDH2Vnp,nan,Euroclear Joins Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System https://t.co/PmvpDH2Vnp,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Consortium Building Tokenized Payment\xa0System', 'Euroclear', 'PmvpDH2Vnp', 'Consortium Building Tokenized Payment\xa0System', 'Euroclear', 'PmvpDH2Vnp']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1205,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear Joins Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System🔗 Read morehttps://t.co/YVNjzeTA99,nan,Euroclear Joins Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System🔗 Read morehttps://t.co/YVNjzeTA99,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System', 'Euroclear', 'YVNjzeTA99', 'Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System', 'Euroclear', 'YVNjzeTA99']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1206,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear Joins Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System https://t.co/AnNKJpD80W,nan,Euroclear Joins Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System https://t.co/AnNKJpD80W,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Consortium Building Tokenized Payment\xa0System', 'Euroclear', 'AnNKJpD80W', 'Consortium Building Tokenized Payment\xa0System', 'Euroclear', 'AnNKJpD80W']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1207,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,#Markets #CryptoSecurities #Euroclear #Fnality Euroclear Joins Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System… https://t.co/sWqgnvM9lt,nan,#Markets #CryptoSecurities #Euroclear #Fnality Euroclear Joins Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System… https://t.co/sWqgnvM9lt,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System', 'Fnality Euroclear', 'CryptoSecurities', 'sWqgnvM9lt', 'Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System', 'Fnality Euroclear', 'CryptoSecurities', 'sWqgnvM9lt']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1208,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear Joins Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System https://t.co/nLZLUcYDHk,nan,Euroclear Joins Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System https://t.co/nLZLUcYDHk,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System', 'Euroclear', 'nLZLUcYDHk', 'Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System', 'Euroclear', 'nLZLUcYDHk']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1209,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear Joins Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System.https://t.co/el7vOcs2eB,nan,Euroclear Joins Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System.https://t.co/el7vOcs2eB,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System', 'Euroclear', 'el7vOcs2eB', 'Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System', 'Euroclear', 'el7vOcs2eB']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1210,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear Joins Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System https://t.co/rC6bnGmVwF #cryptocurrency #criptomoneda,nan,Euroclear Joins Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System https://t.co/rC6bnGmVwF #cryptocurrency #criptomoneda,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System', 'Euroclear', 'rC6bnGmVwF', 'cryptocurrency', 'criptomoneda', 'Consortium Building Tokenized Payment System', 'Euroclear', 'rC6bnGmVwF', 'cryptocurrency', 'criptomoneda']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1211,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://finovate.com/exploring-tokenized-assets-collaborative-innovation-in-action/,Exploring Tokenized Assets: Collaborative Innovation in Action,This is a sponsored blog post by Andrew Clarke  Senior Communications Specialist at SWIFT.  Working with Clearstream  Northern Trust  SETL and others  SWIFT plans experiments in 2022 to explore how it can support interoperability in the development of the tok…,This is a sponsored blog post by Andrew Clarke  Senior Communications Specialist at SWIFT.Working with Clearstream  Northern Trust  SETL and others  SWIFT plans experiments in 2022 to explore how it can support interoperability in the development of the tokenized asset market.Relative to cryptocurrencies and stablecoins  the current market capitalization of tokenized assets is small  but momentum for these digital assets is expected to accelerate rapidly in the coming years. By some estimates  volumes could reach some 24 trillion USD by 2027.Tokenization can be applied to stocks and bonds  but also to illiquid assets  including commodities  property or even art. For example  a share or bond with a high value per unit (say over $500) can be divided into digital pieces that each have ownership and value. This increases the liquidity of the overall asset  and accessibility  by enabling a wider demographic of people to invest in assets that may historically have been unavailable to them.Banks and securities firms are responding to tokenization by developing services − including fractionalization  a process whereby assets are broken into smaller value digital tokens − amongst other digital asset servicing capabilities  such as private key safekeeping. Financial market infrastructures also are embracing tokenization by supporting the full lifecycle of digital securities.As interest increases  SWIFT is exploring how it can enable and improve interoperability between participants and systems during the transactional lifecycle of tokenized assets. To this end  SWIFT plans a series of experiments throughout 2022 leveraging its trusted role as a central platform to explore the issuance  delivery versus payment (DVP)  and redemption processes  to support a frictionless and seamless tokenized asset market. These experiments will use both established forms of payment and central bank digital currencies (CBDCs).Asset tokenization − a trend and challenge for securities marketsOver the coming decade  tokenized and traditional assets will likely co-exist  and this poses potential challenges. One major risk is that a variety of technologies  platforms and regulatory environments will create a thicket of connections for securities market participants. This could result in inefficiencies and fragmentation  as well as rising costs and risks across the industry.SWIFT is uniquely placed to help solve this challenge. As a neutral  global cooperative with a strong focus on ensuring interoperability and setting standards for the industry  we are able to interconnect market participants and simplify operations by completing activities centrally that otherwise would be performed bilaterally between institutions. This role relies on SWIFT’s strong identity and security frameworks  alongside our unparalleled reach and record of reliability.With this in mind  we are looking at how we can support both traditional and tokenized assets flows  with a focus on regulated assets only. We would not become a crypto-custodian nor perform direct settlement of tokenized assets as a financial market infrastructure would. Rather  we see our role as helping to connect all entities as efficiently as possible and enabling our customers to provide better services to their end-users.Collaborative innovation in actionSWIFT  Clearstream  Northern Trust  SETL and other industry participants are exploring the feasibility and benefits of SWIFT as an interconnector  linking up multiple tokenization platforms and various cash-leg payment types. This will build on SWIFT’s successes in achieving interoperability for CBDCs outlined in our whitepaper published last year.In the experiments  Clearstream and Northern Trust  alongside other industry players  will represent key parts of the tokenized − and traditional − asset ecosystem  including securities market infrastructures  as well a local and global custodians. SETL and Northern Trust will support SWIFT and the participants in the integration between the various DLT environments and with transaction orchestrations using their respective capabilities. Results of the experiments will be shared with the financial community afterwards.“As a neutral cooperative with a reach across 11 500 institutions in more than 200 countries  and oversight by central banks globally  SWIFT is uniquely placed to engage closely in the future of securities ” says Thomas Zschach  Chief Innovation Officer  SWIFT. “We look forward to this set of new experiments and innovating collaboratively with market participants on the emerging trend of tokenized assets.”“Our vision for instant and frictionless transactions not only applies to traditional securities instruments but also to new asset classes as well ” adds Vikesh Patel  Head of Securities Strategy  SWIFT. “The insights from this exercise with leading capital markets participants will help us define and prioritize the concrete steps required to enable seamless processes for tokenized assets.”Anthony Culligan  Chief Engineer at SETL  stated: “We are very pleased to be contributing to this important initiative. We see significant innovation in securities tokenization at the moment and these experiments have the potential to create broader accessibility and interoperability between the emerging networks.”Keep an eye out for the results of our experiments – we’ll be publishing them later in 2022. In the meantime  to find out how your firm could collaborate with us  get in touch at innovate@swift.com. We can’t wait to hear from you.Photo by Alina Grubnyak on Unsplash,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.37,0.24,0.39,True,English,"['Tokenized Assets', 'Collaborative Innovation', 'Action', 'other digital asset servicing capabilities', 'central bank digital currencies', 'smaller value digital tokens', 'various cash-leg payment types', 'leading capital markets participants', 'seamless tokenized asset market', 'Senior Communications Specialist', 'One major risk', 'various DLT environments', 'current market capitalization', 'other industry players', 'new asset classes', 'Financial market infrastructures', 'private key safekeeping', 'traditional − asset ecosystem', 'securities market infrastructures', 'Chief Innovation Officer', 'other industry participants', 'neutral, global cooperative', 'traditional securities instruments', 'securities market participants', 'tokenized assets flows', 'multiple tokenization platforms', 'respective capabilities', 'digital securities', 'securities markets', 'digital pieces', 'overall asset', 'digital assets', 'neutral cooperative', 'seamless processes', 'Asset tokenization', 'central platform', 'financial community', 'regulatory environments', 'Collaborative innovation', 'key parts', 'global custodians', 'Chief Engineer', 'high value', 'securities firms', 'Securities Strategy', 'traditional assets', 'central banks', 'blog post', 'Andrew Clarke', 'Northern Trust', 'coming years', 'wider demographic', 'full lifecycle', 'interest increases', 'transactional lifecycle', 'redemption processes', 'coming decade', 'potential challenges', 'rising costs', 'strong identity', 'security frameworks', 'direct settlement', 'transaction orchestrations', 'Thomas Zschach', 'Vikesh Patel', 'concrete steps', 'Anthony Culligan', 'illiquid assets', 'regulated assets', 'new experiments', 'strong focus', 'unparalleled reach', 'emerging trend', 'frictionless transactions', 'trusted role', 'tokenized −', 'SWIFT', 'Clearstream', 'SETL', 'others', 'interoperability', 'development', 'cryptocurrencies', 'stablecoins', 'momentum', 'estimates', 'volumes', 'trillion', 'stocks', 'bonds', 'commodities', 'property', 'example', 'share', 'ownership', 'liquidity', 'accessibility', 'people', 'services', 'fractionalization', 'systems', 'series', 'issuance', 'delivery', 'DVP', 'CBDCs', 'variety', 'technologies', 'thicket', 'connections', 'inefficiencies', 'fragmentation', 'risks', 'standards', 'operations', 'activities', 'institutions', 'record', 'reliability', 'mind', 'crypto-custodian', 'entities', 'customers', 'end-users', 'feasibility', 'benefits', 'interconnector', 'successes', 'whitepaper', 'local', 'integration', 'Results', '200 countries', 'oversight', 'future', 'vision', 'instant', 'Head', 'insights', 'exercise', '2022']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,finovate.com
1212,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.thetradenews.com/fca-awards-full-uk-emir-license-to-regis-tr-uk/,FCA awards full UK EMIR license to REGIS-TR UK,9 hours ago,The UK’s Financial Conduct Authority has finally issued a full UK EMIR license to trade repository REGIS-TR UK  which has been providing EMIR regulatory reporting services since the first business day after Brexit on 4 January  2021.REGIS-TR UK was incorporated in March 2019  just months before the EMIR refit came into force in June of that year. The sister company of Luxembourg-based European trade repository REGIS-TR  which was first founded in 2010  the UK branch was launched specifically to provide continuity of service to UK clients post-Brexit  with an initial focus on EMIR reporting.“The UK continues to be a major player in European and global finance even when separated from the EU  and it is paramount that we maintain continuous and unified services for our UK clients and the market ” said Phil Brown  chairman of the board of directors at REGIS-TR  at the time of launch.John Kernan  CEO of REGIS-TR UK said: “We have had a successful start to UK EMIR reporting since it began in January last year  and we are delighted to be the first TR to receive our full license from the FCA. In the interest of stability for both our clients and the market  it was a natural expansion of REGIS-TR to set up a TR in the UK prior to Brexit and we have also been pleased to see how our offering has resonated with new clients as well as existing ones. We are looking forward to continuing this growth with a full license.”Regis-TR was founded by Clearstream  as part of a joint venture with Iberclear. In September 2021  SIX acquired a 50% stake in REGIS-TR from Clearstream  with the transaction expected to close in the first half of 2022. As part of the deal SIX’s subsidiary  Iberclear  will become sole shareholder of REGIS-TR.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['full UK EMIR license', 'REGIS-TR UK', 'FCA', 'EMIR regulatory reporting services', 'Luxembourg-based European trade repository', 'full UK EMIR license', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'first business day', 'UK EMIR reporting', 'full license', 'EMIR refit', 'unified services', 'first half', 'The UK', 'UK branch', 'sister company', 'initial focus', 'major player', 'global finance', 'Phil Brown', 'John Kernan', 'successful start', 'natural expansion', 'joint venture', 'sole shareholder', 'UK clients', 'first TR', 'new clients', 'REGIS-TR UK', 'Brexit', '4 January', 'March', 'force', 'June', 'year', 'continuity', 'continuous', 'market', 'chairman', 'board', 'directors', 'time', 'launch', 'CEO', 'FCA', 'interest', 'stability', 'offering', 'existing', 'growth', 'Clearstream', 'part', 'Iberclear', 'September', 'SIX', '50% stake', 'transaction', 'deal', 'subsidiary', '2022']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,thetradenews.com
1213,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NOVOLIPETSK-STEEL-8382818/news/Novolipetsk-Steel-Clarification-regarding-the-coupon-payment-for-the-Loan-Participation-Notes-due-39830937/,Novolipetsk Steel : Clarification regarding the coupon payment for the Loan Participation Notes due 2024,4 hours ago,"Novolipetsk Steel (the ""Company"") informs that the scheduled coupon payment under the Loan Participation Notes (XS1577953174) due 2024 (the 'Notes') was successfully processed on 21 March 2022. The Company has duly performed its obligations under the Notes in accordance with their terms.The Company has received a confirmation that foreign noteholders started to receive their coupon payments.However  the coupon payments did not reach the noteholders based in Russia. This is due to the fact that International Central Securities Depositories Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling transactions with Russia's National Settlement Depository. We currently see no legal grounds prohibiting Euroclear and Clearstream to process payments to Russian residents.Novolipetsk Steel remains fully committed to perform its obligations towards noteholders irrespective of the jurisdiction. We currently consider alternative ways to deliver the coupon payments to the noteholders based in Russia.About NLMK GroupNLMK Group is the largest steelmaker in Russia and one of the most efficient in the world.NLMK Group's steel products are used in various industries  from construction and machine building to the manufacturing of power-generation equipment and offshore wind turbines.NLMK operates production facilities in Russia  Europe  and the United States. The Company's steel production capacity exceeds 18 million tonnes per year.For more details on NLMK Group  please visit our website.For NLMK Group's photos and corporate videos  please visit our media library.",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['Loan Participation Notes', 'Novolipetsk Steel', 'coupon payment', 'Clarification', 'International Central Securities Depositories', 'National Settlement Depository', 'offshore wind turbines', 'steel production capacity', 'Loan Participation Notes', 'production facilities', 'Novolipetsk Steel', 'steel products', 'coupon payment', 'legal grounds', 'Russian residents', 'alternative ways', 'largest steelmaker', 'various industries', 'machine building', 'power-generation equipment', 'United States', '18 million tonnes', 'corporate videos', 'media library', 'NLMK Group', 'The Company', 'foreign noteholders', 'payments', '21 March', 'obligations', 'accordance', 'terms', 'confirmation', 'fact', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'transactions', 'jurisdiction', 'world', 'construction', 'Europe', 'year', 'details', 'website', 'photos']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,marketscreener.com
1214,Clearstream,Google API,http://www.bnnbloomberg.ca/investors-on-russia-watch-as-another-debt-payment-comes-due-1.1740587,Investors on Russia Watch as Another Debt Payment Comes ...,1 day ago,Russia’s creditors are keeping a close watch on a bond payment due Monday as questions persist over whether the government will continue to meet its debt obligations in the face of stringent sanctions following Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine.It’s one of a number of payments coming up in a busy schedule for Russia on debt issued to foreign investors.Last week  fears of a default eased after US$117 million of interest started reaching international investors. But with central bank reserves held overseas frozen  there’s ongoing speculation about how long Russia will keep servicing its debt.The payment due Monday is a US$66 million coupon on a 2029 dollar bond  based on Bloomberg calculations. This debt has a ruble-fallback option  which allows Russia to make the payment in its local currency. But given the sanctions and internal capital controls  it’s unclear if international investors can access the funds if they’re transferred to local accounts.There’s also a lack of clarity on whether coupon payments had been made on a local currency bond  known as an OFZ  which was due early March.Fitch Ratings said last week that Russia would be at risk of default if it hasn’t met that obligation within 30 days -- setting April 1 as another key date for the country  which hasn’t defaulted on local currency bonds since 1998.“Against this backdrop  each coupon payment and bond redemption is monitored by the market to understand whether or not this happens in an orderly manner  with a delay within the grace period or not at all ” said Antoine Lesne  head of ETF strategy and research for State Street’s SPDR  which owns some Russian government bonds.In a further sign of Russia’s isolation from global financial markets  a number of firms are also struggling to get clearance for debt payments. Investors still hadn’t received payments due from Severstal PJSC at the end of last week  putting the mining company at risk of a default after a grace period expires later this week.Steelmaker Evraz Group SA  in which sanctioned Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich has a stake  said Monday that it made an US$18.9 million coupon payment but that the funds were blocked by its correspondent bank  Societe Generale SA  for compliance reasons.Clearing houses Clearstream and Euroclear have stopped accepting the ruble as a settlement currency and have excluded securities issued by Russian entities from all Triparty transactions  barring them from a traditional channel used to make payments to bondholders.Gold miner Polyus PJSC and state owned transport operator Russian Railways are among those that have payments due in the coming weeks.,negative,0.04,0.43,0.54,negative,0.01,0.16,0.83,True,English,"['Debt Payment', 'Investors', 'Russia', 'Another', 'Steelmaker Evraz Group SA', 'Gold miner Polyus PJSC', 'state owned transport operator', 'Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich', 'US$18.9 million coupon payment', 'Societe Generale SA', 'internal capital controls', 'global financial markets', 'US$66 million coupon', 'central bank reserves', 'local currency bonds', 'Russian government bonds', 'State Street', 'Severstal PJSC', 'Russian entities', 'Russian Railways', 'local accounts', 'correspondent bank', 'settlement currency', 'bond payment', '2029 dollar bond', 'bond redemption', 'coupon payments', 'close watch', 'Vladimir Putin', 'busy schedule', 'ongoing speculation', 'Bloomberg calculations', 'ruble-fallback option', 'Fitch Ratings', 'key date', 'orderly manner', 'grace period', 'Antoine Lesne', 'ETF strategy', 'last week', 'mining company', 'compliance reasons', 'Clearing houses', 'Triparty transactions', 'traditional channel', 'coming weeks', 'foreign investors', 'international investors', 'stringent sanctions', 'debt obligations', 'debt payments', 'creditors', 'questions', 'face', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'number', 'fears', 'default', 'interest', 'funds', 'lack', 'clarity', 'OFZ', 'risk', '30 days', 'April', 'country', 'backdrop', 'delay', 'head', 'research', 'SPDR', 'sign', 'isolation', 'firms', 'clearance', 'end', 'stake', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'securities', 'bondholders']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,bnnbloomberg.ca
1215,Clearstream,Google API,http://energysiren.co.ke/2022/03/21/obstruction-catheter-market-size-forecast-research-report-2022-2028-key-players-edwards-lifesciences-brosmed-medical-plasti-med-tokai-medical-products-clearstream-technologies-art/,Key Players – Edwards Lifesciences   BrosMed Medical   Plasti-Med   Tokai Medical Products   Clearstream Technologies   Arthesys   Medtronic   Richard Wolf   COOK Medical   Bard Medical   Stryker   Co,23 hours ago,GET SAMPLE REPORT Get Special Pricing Buy full ReportLatest Market Study on Obstruction Catheter Market offers a great comprehensive outlook of the markets from the year 2022-2028 and offers an in-depth summary of some of the key metrics needed for sound business decision such as current market status  market size  market share  players analysis  strategies by players  market drivers  challenges  trends  opportunities  regional and country level analysis and many other crucial information.To know about the assumptions considered for the study  Request for Free Sample ReportGlobal Obstruction Catheter OverviewThe Global Obstruction Catheter is accelerating from the past few years with the faster rate and has the strong potential to grow within the forecasted period that is 2020 to 2028.The Global Obstruction Catheter provide exhaustive research methodology and understanding of the market for the forecasted period (2020-2028). The report includes the distinguishable segments with an analysis of the emerging market trends and other factors that impels a positive outlook on the growth of the market. The factors include market dynamics  the newly emerging market drivers  restraints  opportunities  and challenges. These are considered key factors in the development of the market. The drivers and restraints are considered as the intrinsic factors whereas the opportunities and challenges are the extrinsic factors of the market. In addition  identification of both factors will strengthen the market potential analysis in order to achieve the greatest return in the long run. Moreover  helps to provide an interpretation of the market development in terms of revenue throughout the forecast  which facilitates the target markets with progressive growth.Global Obstruction Catheter : Scope of the Report.The report facilitates the overall understanding of the Global Obstruction Catheter . The market estimates provided in the report are the result of the inclusive secondary research  primary interviews  and in-house reviews of the expertise. The estimation of the market depends on the impact of the various social  political and economic factors along with the response to the current market dynamics of the market.Additionally  the market overview  which comprises of market dynamics and Porters Five Forces Analysis  which explains the five forces that are: buyers bargaining power  suppliers bargaining power  the threat of new entrants  threat of substitutes  and degree of competition in the Global Obstruction Catheter . The analysis aids to provide an understanding of various parameters such as business intelligence  analytics software  system integrators  intermediaries  and end-users within the ecosystem of the market. The report lays out the focus on the competitive landscape of the Global Obstruction Catheter .Global Obstruction Catheter : Competitive LandscapeThe market analysis section involves the actionable insights for the North Americao U.S.o Canadao MexicoEuropeo Germanyo UKo Franceo Rest of EuropeAsia Pacifico Chinao Japano Indiao Rest of Asia PacificRest of the Worldo Latin Americao Middle East & Africa in the Global Obstruction Catheter . The information provided under this section covers the financial revenue of all the major competitors with the addition of product benchmarking  key developments  and SWOT analysis of any 3 to 5 top market players. The companies enlisted under this section are customizable as per the clients requirement.Global Obstruction Catheter   By ProductNon-invasiveInvasiveGlobal Obstruction Catheter   By ApplicationAortaHeartNeuromuscularRenal ArteryPeripheral Nervous SystemGlobal Obstruction Catheter   By GeographyNorth Americao U.S.o Canadao MexicoEuropeo Germanyo UKo Franceo Rest of EuropeAsia Pacifico Chinao Japano Indiao Rest of Asia PacificRest of the Worldo Latin Americao Middle East & AfricaGlobal Obstruction Catheter   Key PlayersEdwards LifesciencesBrosMed MedicalPlasti-MedTokai Medical ProductsClearstream TechnologiesArthesysMedtronicRichard WolfCOOK MedicalBard MedicalStrykerCordis !Global Obstruction Catheter : Research MethodologyThe research methodology adopted by our company is the integration of primary research  secondary research  and expertise reviews. Secondary research is performed by considering the sources such as company annual reports  research papers  and press releases concerning the industry. Other sources involve industry magazines  trade journals  associations; the government authorized information in order to incorporate the most reliable data to showcase the opportunities for the business expansion in Global Obstruction Catheter .. Primary research comprises of telephonic interviews with several industry experts  which can be conducted on acceptance of appointment  a list of questionnaires that can be conducted through email interactions  and face to face interviews  where the analyst focuses on extracting the detailed information and unbiased review on the Global Obstruction Catheter . Primary interviews result in providing a recent understanding of the market and validate the existing analysis of the data. In addition  offers information on the market trends  market size  competitive landscape  growth trends  and outlook among others. These factors help to validates as well as reinforce the secondary research findings.Reasons to Purchase this Report :Strong qualitative and quantitative market analysis based on the segment breakdown within the consideration of both economic as well as non-economic factors.Market evaluation based on market value (data in USD Billion) for each segment breakdown.Indicates of the region and segment breakdown that is expected to witness the fastest growth rate and acts as market dominant.Analysis of geography highlighting  the region vice consumption of the product/service and an indication of the factors that are affecting the market within each region.The competitive landscape encompasses the market ranking of the major market competitors  new service/product launches  partnerships  business expansions  and acquisitions in the past five years of companies profiled.The company profiles section provides an understanding of the company overview  company insights  product benchmarking  and SWOT analysis for the major market players.Current as well as the future market outlook of the industry with respect to recent developments (which involve growth opportunities and drivers as well as challenges and restraints of both emerging as well as developed regions).In-depth analysis of the market through Porters Five Forces Analysis.Provides insight into the market through Value Chain.The understanding of market dynamics scenario  growth opportunities of the market for the period of forecast.6-month post-sales analyst support.To know about the assumptions considered for the study  download the pdf brochureThe prime objective of this report is to help the user understand the Obstruction Catheter Market in terms of its definition  segmentation  Obstruction Catheter Market potential  influential trends  and the challenges that the Obstruction Catheter Market is facing with 10 major regions and 50 major countries. Deep researches and analysis were done during the preparation of the report. The readers will find this report very helpful in understanding the Obstruction Catheter Market in depth. The data and the information regarding the Obstruction Catheter Market are taken from reliable sources such as websites  annual reports of the companies  journals  and others and were checked and validated by the industry experts. The facts and data are represented in the report using diagrams  graphs  pie charts  and other pictorial representations. This enhances the visual representation and also helps in understanding the facts much better. this report covers Obstruction Catheter Market segmentation by major Obstruction Catheter Market verdors  types  applications/end users and geography(North America  East Asia  Europe  South Asia  Southeast Asia  Middle East  Africa  Oceania  South America).Key Indicators AnalysedObstruction Catheter Market Players & Competitor Analysis: The report covers the key players of the industry including Company Profile  Product Specifications  Production Capacity/Sales  Revenue  Price and Gross Margin 2021-2028 & Sales with a thorough analysis of the Obstruction Catheter Market’s competitive landscape and detailed information on vendors and comprehensive details of factors that will challenge the growth of major Obstruction Catheter Market vendors.Global and Regional Obstruction Catheter Market Analysis: The report includes Global & Regional Obstruction Catheter Market status and outlook 2021-2028.Further the report provides break down details about each region & countries covered in the report. Identifying its sales  sales volume & revenue forecast. With detailed analysis by types and applications.Obstruction Catheter Market Trends: Obstruction Catheter Market key trends which include Increased Competition and Continuous Innovations.Opportunities and Drivers: Identifying the Growing Demands and New TechnologyPorters Five Force Analysis: The report provides with the state of competition in industry depending on five basic forces: threat of new entrants  bargaining power of suppliers  bargaining power of buyers  threat of substitute products or services  and existing industry rivalry.To speak to our analyst for a discussion on the above findings  click Speak to Analyst Points Covered in The ReportThe points that are discussed within the report are the major Obstruction Catheter Market players that are involved in the Obstruction Catheter Market such as Obstruction Catheter Market players  raw material suppliers  equipment suppliers  end users  traders  distributors and etc. The complete profile of the companies is mentioned. And the capacity  production  price  revenue  cost  gross  gross margin  sales volume  sales revenue  consumption  growth rate  import  export  supply  future strategies  and the technological developments that they are making are also included within the report. This report analyzed 12 years data history and forecast. The growth factors of the Obstruction Catheter Market is discussed in detail wherein the different end users of the Obstruction Catheter Market are explained in detail. Data and information by Obstruction Catheter Market player  by region  by type  by application and etc  and custom research can be added according to specific requirements. The report contains the SWOT analysis of the Obstruction Catheter Market. Finally  the report contains the conclusion part where the opinions of the industrial experts are included.Cumulative Impact of COVID-19:COVID-19 is an incomparable global public health emergency that has affected almost every industry  and the long-term effects are projected to impact the industry growth during the forecast period. Our ongoing research amplifies our research framework to ensure the inclusion of underlying COVID-19 issues and potential paths forward. The report delivers insights on COVID-19 considering the changes in consumer behavior and demand  purchasing patterns  re-routing of the supply chain  dynamics of current Obstruction Catheter Market forces  and the significant interventions of governments. The updated study provides insights  analysis  estimations  and forecasts  considering the COVID-19 impact on the Obstruction Catheter Market.Key Benefits of the Report:This study presents the analytical depiction of the global Obstruction Catheter Market along with the current trends and future estimations to determine the imminent investment pockets.The report presents information related to key drivers  restraints  and opportunities along with a detailed analysis of the global Obstruction Catheter Market share.The current Obstruction Catheter Market is quantitatively analyzed from 2022 to 2028 to highlight the global Obstruction Catheter Market growth scenario.Porter’s five forces analysis illustrates the potency of buyers & suppliers in the Obstruction Catheter Market.The report provides detailed global Obstruction Catheter Market analysis based on competitive intensity and how the competition will take shape in the coming years.To understand how our report can bring difference to your business strategy  Buy Complete Report NowKey Answers Questions such as:1. What is the Obstruction Catheter Market size and forecast of the Obstruction Catheter Market?2. What are the inhibiting factors and impact of COVID-19 shaping the Obstruction Catheter Market during the forecast period?3. Which are the products/segments/applications/areas to invest in over the forecast period in the Obstruction Catheter Market?4. What is the competitive strategic window for opportunities in the Obstruction Catheter Market?5. What are the technology trends and regulatory frameworks in the Obstruction Catheter Market?6. What is the Obstruction Catheter Market share of the leading vendors in the Obstruction Catheter Market?7. What modes and strategic moves are considered suitable for entering the Obstruction Catheter Market?Customize Your ReportDon’t miss out on the opportunity to speak to our analyst and know more insights about this Obstruction Catheter Market report. Our analysts can also help you customize this report according to your needs. Our analysts and industry experts will work directly with you to understand your requirements and provide you with customized data in a short amount of time.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.77,0.18,0.05,True,English,"['Tokai Medical Products', 'BrosMed Medical', 'COOK Medical', 'Bard Medical', 'Key Players', 'Edwards Lifesciences', 'Clearstream Technologies', 'Richard Wolf', 'Plasti-Med', 'Arthesys', 'Medtronic', 'Stryker', 'COOK Medical Bard Medical', 'The Global Obstruction Catheter', 'Global Obstruction Catheter Overview', 'many other crucial information', 'Porters Five Forces Analysis', '3 to 5 top market players', 'Africa Global Obstruction Catheter', 'BrosMed Medical Plasti-Med', 'Tokai Medical Products', 'Obstruction Catheter Market', 'great comprehensive outlook', 'various social, political', 'Peripheral Nervous System', 'country level analysis', 'sound business decision', 'current market status', 'suppliers bargaining power', 'company annual reports', 'several industry experts', 'inclusive secondary research', 'exhaustive research methodology', 'current market dynamics', 'Latest Market Study', 'emerging market trends', 'emerging market drivers', 'Free Sample Report', 'market potential analysis', 'market analysis section', 'market overview', 'players analysis', 'strong potential', 'positive outlook', 'various parameters', 'system integrators', 'other factors', 'SWOT analysis', 'business intelligence', 'business expansion', 'Key Players', 'primary research', 'research papers', 'Other sources', 'market size', 'market share', 'market estimates', 'Special Pricing', 'depth summary', 'key metrics', 'faster rate', 'distinguishable segments', 'greatest return', 'long run', 'house reviews', 'new entrants', 'analytics software', 'competitive landscape', 'actionable insights', 'North America', 'U.S.', 'Asia Pacific', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', 'major competitors', 'key developments', 'clients requirement', 'Aorta Heart', 'Renal Artery', 'Edwards Lifesciences', 'Clearstream Technologies', 'Richard Wolf', 'press releases', 'industry magazines', 'trade journals', 'reliable data', 'email interactions', 'detailed information', 'key factors', 'intrinsic factors', 'extrinsic factors', 'economic factors', 'primary interviews', 'telephonic interviews', 'market development', 'full Report', 'target markets', 'progressive growth', 'Mexico Europe', 'financial revenue', 'product benchmarking', 'expertise reviews', 'overall understanding', 'year', 'strategies', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'regional', 'assumptions', 'past', 'period', 'newly', 'restraints', 'addition', 'identification', 'order', 'interpretation', 'terms', 'forecast', 'Scope', 'result', 'estimation', 'impact', 'response', 'buyers', 'threat', 'substitutes', 'degree', 'competition', 'intermediaries', 'end-users', 'ecosystem', 'focus', 'Canada', 'Germany', 'UK', 'France', 'China', 'Japan', 'India', 'World', 'companies', 'invasive', 'Application', 'Neuromuscular', 'Geography', 'Arthesys', 'Medtronic', 'Stryker', 'Cordis', 'integration', 'associations', 'government', 'acceptance', 'appointment', 'list', 'questionnaires', 'analyst', 'unbi']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,energysiren.co.ke
1216,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.digitaltrends.com/home-theater/best-indoor-tv-antennas/,The best indoor TV antennas for 2022,Looking for an indoor TV antenna to help pick up free HD broadcasts and any available 4K channels in your area? Our top picks offer the features that you need.,Indoor antennas can solve a number of TV problems in one swipe. They let you cut your cable bill  receive HD or 4K broadcasts totally for free (in the right regions)  and typically work with built-in TV tuners straight out of the box. And with today’s indoor antenna designs  there’s no need to mess with complicated outdoor placements: A nearby window or shelf is all you need!If you’re on the hunt to enable HD+ broadcasts for your home theater  we’ve got the best indoor TV antenna models you need to look at  starting with the user-friendly Winegard Amped Pro.Note: It’s a good idea to check your TV for a coaxial connection before you begin. Most TVs still have these ports  and they are necessary for many indoor TV antenna devices. Let's get into it.Winegard Amped ProBest overall indoor TV antennaPros Super user-friendly with the accompanying appSoftware to enhance signalsStrong 60-mile radius rating Cons Some more rural users may want more than a 60-mile rangeThis Winegard antenna shows up on some of our other antenna lists as one of the most user-friendly options available — the perfect choice if you don’t want to waste time or energy adding an indoor antenna. The Amped Pro lets you skip right to browsing your free channels ASAP thanks to its friendly setup app and Bluetooth pairing  which cuts out any confusion for new users.The “Amped” part is also far from an exaggeration: This antenna was designed to pick up signs from up to 60 miles away  a strong rating for getting as many channel options as you can in your area. It also uses Clear Circuit technology to help make broadcasts more accurate and less prone to suddenly pixelating at key moments. You can also easily mount it anywhere that works  including the back of your TV  a nearby wall  or a window.Winegard Amped Pro Best overall indoor TV antenna MoreAntennas Direct ClearStream EclipseBlends in with any decorPros Tons of placement optionsCan use Antenna Direct's app to review nearby TV towersEasily paintable to the color of your walls Cons Limited 35-mile rangeThe ClearStream Eclipse is a simple circle that you can stick on any nearby surface  making it especially useful for TV setups where you don’t have much space but still want to add an antenna. It’s even paintable  so you can paint it to match your wall or nearby décor. The 12-foot coaxial cable also gives you plenty of options to place the antenna away from your TV.The model is rated for signals up to 35 miles away  and Antenna’s Direct has an Antenna Point app that can help you locate nearby TV towers to see what signals you are most likely to pick up at this range. There aren’t a lot of extra bells or whistles here  but the ease of placement is unparalleled.Antennas Direct ClearStream Eclipse Blends in with any decorMohu Leaf Supreme ProBest for no-fuss setupPros Full range of features including amplifierBuilt-in signal indicator to detect best placementFits nearly anywhere Cons Requires extra USB connection to connect the power injector.Mohu is another favored brand of our for indoor antenna products. They make high-powered  compact antennas that are great fits for apartments  living rooms  dorms  and similar indoor spots. This 65-mile antenna showcases some of Mohu’s best work. Don’t let the basic rectangle design fool you; this UHF/Hi-VHF multi-directional antenna has a wide range  is fully ready for 4K signals  and includes a compact amplifier to help improve signal strength. If you want to ensure signal quality  this is a great option.The Leaf Supreme Pro also has a built-in signal indicator  so you can move it around your TV area to get an idea of where the best placement is without needing to do a time-consuming channel check every single time. It comes with a 12-foot coaxial cable for connections and a power injector USB attachment to power the amplifier directly from your TV.Mohu Leaf Supreme Pro Best for no-fuss setup1byone Amplified AntennaBest for signal rangePros Amazing 200 mile rangeAffordableExtra-long cable Cons Larger design that's harder to hidePicks like our Antenna’s Direct antenna have a smaller range at 35 miles  designed primarily for those who live in more urban areas where TV towers tend to have plenty of overlap. This 1byone antenna goes the opposite direction. It has a massive 200-mile range that attempts to pick up signals from as many towers as possible  a much better choice for those living in small towns or more rural areas.The antenna is also one of the more affordable on our list and comes with an extra-long 17-foot cable. The downside to this immense range is that the antenna is bulkier than most with its dual fold-out sections  and you really want to place it as high as possible for the best results  so it may end up being more noticeable.1byone Amplified Antenna Best for signal rangeAntop Smart Bar AntennaBest for extra featuresPros Impressive 80-mile rangeIntegrated FM radioAdjustable amplifier Cons Not designed to hide awayFor those who still want excellent range but don’t like the idea of attaching anything to their walls or windows  this indoor antenna offers an alternative. It’s a bar that you can set either horizontally or vertically  and it’s stylish enough to go with other objects around your TV center so you don’t have to worry about hiding anything. Range is impressive  too  at 80 miles  making this another model for picking up as many channels as possible.While you can’t place this antenna on a wall or window  it does come with a few interesting extra features to compensate. That includes a smart boost system to amplify signals that can be turned on with a button  an integrated FM antenna for picking up radio channels  and amplifier modulation so you can control the strength of the amplifier to find the best settings for each channel.Antop Smart Bar Antenna Best for extra features MoreMohu BladeBest affordable TV antennaPros Great budget pick50-mile rangeBuilt-in amplifier Cons Not as easy to place as some antennasIf you don’t want to spend much money at all on a TV antenna but still want results  Mohu has an option for you: The Blade  which falls under $20 while still offering a 50-mile range and built-in amplifier. This will get you the stations available in your area without breaking the bank. While it’s not a large bar  it’s also not as thin as the peel-and-paste options on our list  so you will need to make a little room for it behind or under your TV  or perhaps on a nearby window sill. Fortunately  the included 10-foot coaxial cable does give you a variety of placement options.Mohu Blade Best affordable TV antennaEditors' Recommendations,positive,0.65,0.35,0.01,mixed,0.81,0.11,0.09,True,English,"['best indoor TV antennas', 'Impressive 80-mile range Integrated FM radio', 'many indoor TV antenna devices', 'best indoor TV antenna models', 'Best overall indoor TV antenna', 'The Leaf Supreme Pro', 'Antop Smart Bar Antenna', 'Mohu Leaf Supreme Pro', 'power injector USB attachment', 'Strong 60-mile radius rating', 'Cons Limited 35-mile range', 'user-friendly Winegard Amped Pro', 'The Amped Pro', 'similar indoor spots', 'The ClearStream Eclipse', 'indoor antenna designs', 'indoor antenna products', 'complicated outdoor placements', 'Clear Circuit technology', 'ClearStream Eclipse Blends', 'time-consuming channel check', 'dual fold-out sections', 'long 17-foot cable', 'other antenna lists', 'UHF/Hi-VHF multi-directional antenna', 'Amazing 200 mile range', 'massive 200-mile range', 'accompanying app Software', 'nearby décor', 'basic rectangle design', '12-foot coaxial cable', 'many channel options', 'extra USB connection', '1byone Amplified Antenna', 'Extra-long cable Cons', 'Antenna Point app', 'This Winegard antenna', 'friendly setup app', 'nearby TV towers', 'high-powered, compact antennas', 'Adjustable amplifier Cons', 'strong rating', 'many towers', '60-mile range', 'Indoor antennas', 'best work', 'best results', '1byone antenna', 'coaxial connection', 'best placement', 'user-friendly options', 'Amped” part', 'cable bill', 'TV problems', 'TV tuners', 'TV setups', 'Antenna Direct', '65-mile antenna', 'Direct antenna', 'Full range', 'wide range', 'signal range', 'smaller range', 'immense range', 'excellent range', 'nearby surface', 'Larger design', 'extra bells', 'fuss setup', 'compact amplifier', 'TV area', 'one swipe', 'right regions', 'nearby window', 'home theater', 'Most TVs', 'rural users', 'free channels', 'Bluetooth pairing', 'new users', 'key moments', 'nearby wall', 'simple circle', 'signal indicator', 'great fits', 'living rooms', 'signal strength', 'signal quality', 'great option', 'urban areas', 'opposite direction', 'small towns', 'rural areas', 'extra features', 'placement options', '4K broadcasts', 'HD+ broadcasts', 'perfect choice', 'good idea', '4K signals', 'number', 'box', 'today', 'need', 'shelf', 'hunt', 'Note', 'ports', 'Pros', 'energy', 'confusion', 'exaggeration', 'back', 'decor', 'Tons', 'color', 'walls', 'space', 'plenty', 'lot', 'whistles', 'ease', 'brand', 'apartments', 'dorms', 'connections', 'Affordable', 'Picks', '35 miles', 'overlap', 'downside']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,digitaltrends.com
1217,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Flint  a Division of ClearStream is proud to be headlining as a strategic partner for @Suncor as the area looks to… https://t.co/eciV4DwMEu,nan,Flint  a Division of ClearStream is proud to be headlining as a strategic partner for @Suncor as the area looks to… https://t.co/eciV4DwMEu,neutral,0.23,0.75,0.02,neutral,0.23,0.75,0.02,True,English,"['strategic partner', 'Flint', 'Division', 'ClearStream', 'area', 'eciV4DwMEu', 'strategic partner', 'Flint', 'Division', 'ClearStream', 'area', 'eciV4DwMEu']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1218,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/heres-why-hold-is-an-apt-strategy-for-nasdaq-ndaq-now,Here's Why Hold is an Apt Strategy for Nasdaq (NDAQ) Now,1 day ago,Nasdaq Inc.’s NDAQ accelerating organic growth  focus on ramping up on-trading revenue base  strategic buyouts to capitalize on growing markets opportunities  effective capital deployment along with favorable growth estimates make it worth retaining in one’s portfolio.NDAQ has a solid track record of beating earnings estimates in the last 12 quarters.Zacks Rank & Price PerformanceNasdaq currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). Over the past year  the stock has rallied 21.8% compared with the industry’s increase of 17.4%  the Finance sector’s rise of 9% and the Zacks S&P 500 composite’s increase of 13.4%.Image Source: Zacks Investment ResearchGrowth ProjectionsThe Zacks Consensus Estimate for Nasdaq’s 2022 earnings is pegged at $7.88  indicating a 4.2% increase from the year-ago reported figure on 5% higher revenues of $3.6 billion. The consensus estimate for 2023 earnings is pegged at $8.52  indicating an 8.2% increase from the year-ago reported figure on 5.4% higher revenues of $5.6 billion. The long-term earnings growth rate is currently pegged at 13.5%  better than the industry average of 9.6%.Return on Equity (ROE)Return on equity was 19.8% in the trailing twelve months  better than the industry average of 14.3%.Estimate RevisionThe Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2022 has moved north by 2.1% while the consensus estimate for 2023 has moved 2.3% in the past 60 days  reflecting analyst optimism.Business TailwindsNasdaq remains focused on repositioning its business and aims to generate revenues from high growth Market Technology and Investment Intelligence segments and diverted R&D spending toward higher-growth products. At the same time  NDAQ has divested non-core assets that fetched $700 million.Technology expansion with SMARTS surveillance in non-financial markets reflects focus on emerging opportunities in the cryptocurrency markets.Nasdaq noted that the anti fin crime space has a total addressable market of $12.5 billion and is expected to witness a CAGR of 17% through 2024. The acquisition of Verafin in February 2021 is thus a strategic fit as the combination will complement Nasdaq's established reg tech leadership to create a global SaaS leader.NDAQ estimates growth from its index and analytics businesses  followed by moderate growth in its exchange data products across U.S. and Nordic equities.NDAQ boasts a healthy balance sheet and cash position along with modest operating cash flow from its diverse business model. This in turn helps in effective capital deployment. NDAQ had $784 million remaining under its share repurchase authorization as of Jan 25  2022.Solid Dividend HistoryNasdaq has been hiking dividends at a seven-year CAGR (2015 – 2021) of 22.6%  driven by solid earnings. Its dividend yield is currently 1.2%  above the industry average of 1.1%.Stocks to ConsiderSome better-ranked stocks from the finance sector include OTC Markets Group Inc. OTCM  Deutsche Boerse AG DBOEY and International Money Express Inc. IMXI. While OTC Markets sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy)  Deutsche Boerse and International Money Express carry a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for OTC Markets Group’s 2022 earnings has moved up 7.3% in the past 30 days. The expected long-term earnings growth rate is pegged at 9%.OTC Markets Group’s earnings surpassed estimates in each of the last four quarters  the average beat being 40.75%. In the past year  OTCM has gained 52.7%.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Deutsche Boerse’s 2022 and 2023 earnings per share indicates a year-over-year increase of 8.4% and 8.9%  respectively.Deutsche Boerse’s earnings surpassed estimates in each of the last four quarters  the average beat being 8.05%. In the past year  DBOEY has gained 10.4%.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for International Money Express’s 2022 earnings has moved up 12.2% in the past 30 days. IMXI’s earnings surpassed estimates in each of the last four quarters  the average beat being 16.37%.In the past year  IMXI has gained 39.1%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for IMXI’s 2022 earnings implies 12.9% year-over-year growth.Breakout Biotech Stocks with Triple-Digit Profit PotentialThe biotech sector is projected to surge beyond $2.4 trillion by 2028 as scientists develop treatments for thousands of diseases. They’re also finding ways to edit the human genome to literally erase our vulnerability to these diseases.Zacks has just released Century of Biology: 7 Biotech Stocks to Buy Right Now to help investors profit from 7 stocks poised for outperformance. Recommendations from previous editions of this report have produced gains of +205%  +258% and +477%. The stocks in this report could perform even better.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq  Inc.,neutral,0.09,0.87,0.03,mixed,0.58,0.26,0.16,True,English,"['Apt Strategy', 'Nasdaq', 'NDAQ', 'anti fin crime space', 'modest operating cash flow', 'Zacks S&P 500 composite', 'The Zacks Consensus Estimate', 'high growth Market Technology', 'International Money Express Inc', 'long-term earnings growth rate', 'OTC Markets Group Inc', 'total addressable market', 'Zacks Investment Research', 'trading revenue base', 'effective capital deployment', 'trailing twelve months', 'Investment Intelligence segments', 'R&D spending', 'reg tech leadership', 'global SaaS leader', 'healthy balance sheet', 'Triple-Digit Profit Potential', 'solid track record', 'exchange data products', 'last four quarters', 'growing markets opportunities', 'Solid Dividend History', 'diverse business model', 'share repurchase authorization', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'favorable growth estimates', 'Breakout Biotech Stocks', 'Zacks #1 Rank stocks', 'beating earnings estimates', 'last 12 quarters', 'Estimate Revision', 'Zacks Rank', 'Technology expansion', 'U.S.', 'cash position', 'non-financial markets', 'cryptocurrency markets', 'organic growth', 'Growth Projections', 'moderate growth', 'year growth', 'higher-growth products', 'emerging opportunities', 'dividend yield', 'solid earnings', 'biotech sector', '7 Biotech Stocks', 'strategic buyouts', 'Price Performance', 'past year', 'Finance sector', 'Image Source', 'past 60 days', 'analyst optimism', 'Business Tailwinds', 'same time', 'non-core assets', 'SMARTS surveillance', 'strategic fit', 'analytics businesses', 'Nordic equities', 'complete list', 'past 30 days', 'human genome', 'previous editions', 'Nasdaq Inc.', 'ranked stocks', '5% higher revenues', '5.4% higher revenues', 'seven-year CAGR', 'industry average', 'year increase', '7 stocks', '2022 earnings', '2023 earnings', '4.2% increase', '8.2% increase', 'NDAQ', 'portfolio', 'Hold', 'rise', 'year-ago', 'figure', 'Return', 'Equity', 'ROE', 'focus', 'acquisition', 'Verafin', 'February', 'combination', 'index', 'Jan', 'dividends', 'OTCM', 'DBOEY', 'IMXI.', 'Strong', 'today', 'scientists', 'treatments', 'thousands', 'diseases', 'ways', 'vulnerability', 'Century', 'Biology', 'investors', 'outperformance', 'Recommendations', 'report', 'gains', 'views', 'opinions']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,nasdaq.com
1219,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.etfstream.com/features/why-opportunity-knocks-in-european-listed-etf-options/,Why opportunity knocks in European-listed ETF options,13 hours ago,Why opportunity knocks in European-listed ETF optionsThe ETF options market in Europe remains small; however  do not underestimate their role in portfolio construction and risk managementThe versatility of the ETF structure has always been one of its greatest strengths and this is no less true when it comes to options markets. Put and call options on ETFs – and more broadly ETPs – in Europe have received far less attention than what their ingenuity and usefulness would suggest.As financial markets move into a new regime of higher rates with spikes in volatility more likely  ETP options can be a very valuable tool for investors looking to achieve specific investment outcomes or to manage risk. Below we introduce some of the key strategies that we have used for clients of our options advisory service.The European ETP options landscape consists of options on 23 equity ETFs  six fixed income ETFs and nine exchange-traded commodities – from four ETP issuers (BlackRock  DWS  WisdomTree and a gold ETC from Deutsche Boerse).The options landscape is distinct from ETFs which have an embedded options strategy such as the increasingly popular Global X NASDAQ 100 Covered Call ETF (QYLD).With a notional open interest on listed ETP options of over €830m  as at the end of January  investors have only just begun to utilise this opportunity in Europe. This open interest  while far from a perfect measure of product adoption  is dwarfed by notional open interest of over €1.2trn on listed European equity index options.US popularityETP options in the US are also significantly more popular and liquid  with notional open interest on the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY) alone being over $680nm  as at December 2020. In Europe  the key reason for the relative insignificance of ETP options is largely legacy in nature; however  there are several differences between index and ETP options:Liquidity (index options are generally more liquid than ETP options)Settlement (index options are cash-settled  ETP options are physically settled)Exercise (index options are European-style  exercisable on expiry  while ETP options are a mix of European-style and American-style  exercisable at any time before expiry)Dividends (some ETFs pay dividends  and this may prompt early exercise by the option holder to receive the dividend if it is larger than the remaining time value of the option)The physical settlement of ETP options can be an important benefit  as this can help reduce both execution risk and trading costs on date of exercise of the option.Assuming investors want to receive – or deliver – an ETP  physical settlement may be preferable to cash settlement  which then requires an extra trade to purchase – or – the ETP itself  which comes with trading costs (bid/offer spreads and brokerage) and execution risk that the trade may not execute at the desired time or price.Removing emotionPhysical settlement may work well in a cash-covered put writing strategy where an investor sells out-the-money put options generating a premium but has a desire to own the ETP at a lower price. If the ETP price falls  the investor is put into the ETP (physically settled)  as cash held in the investor’s account is automatically used to fund the exercise (purchase).From a behavioural perspective  implementing a cash-covered put writing strategy removes the emotional aspects of having to decide to buy the underlying ETP when markets fall as the investor is forced to exercise. It therefore also requires the investor to be comfortable owning the underlying exposure represented by the ETP.The opportunistic use of cash-covered put writing strategy can yield very respectable premiums  especially when the writing of the options coincides with a spike in volatility – which have been frequent and relatively large in magnitude as seen in the VIX chart. With a view of continued spikes in volatility – not least driven by geopolitics and reserve bank rhetoric – this may remain an attractive strategy.Covered call writing on long ETP positions  generating extra income  is another useful strategy for ETP options  although physical settlement may trigger tax consequences if the existing position has unrealised gains and needs to be delivered. There are many other useful option strategies  some more suited to physical settlement  although they all require careful risk management.Another benefit is that ETP options can allow for investment strategies to be more accurately implemented. An investment strategy  such as hedging  can be most accurately implemented when using a derivative on the exact same underlying instrument. For example  when hedging exposure to fixed income ETFs using credit default swaps  it may be less effective than using an ETF option on the exact same underlying ETF (with the same index and the same risks).Changing strategiesWhile the current selection of ETP options in Europe is largely based on some of the more established ETPs  the strategies can and do change over time. They may track a new index (we have seen a flurry of ETFs changing to track equivalent ESG indices) the index itself may change its methodology (the DAX index went from tracking 30 to 40 of the largest companies in Germany in September 2021) or other changes may arise.While ETP options volumes in Europe are relatively low  US ETF options markets are currently telling several interesting stories  some of which are also showing up in European markets. Put option open interest on US corporate investment grade and high yield are at near all-time highs  which is unsurprising given negative market views on duration and widening credit spreads.One of the biggest challenges that ETP options face in Europe is their relative lack of liquidity.The simplicity and transparency of options listed on Eurex  for example  is appealing but on-screen liquidity can often appear poor (i.e. wide bid/offer spreads). Therefore  as with trading ETPs themselves  better execution might be achieved using Request for Quote (RFQ).This critical conversation about liquidity is no different – and no less important – than it is with the execution of ETPs themselves. Prices and volume as seen on order books are not representative of true liquidity.With a proliferation of different strike prices and expiry dates  it is common to have no open interest across parts of the chain in European ETP options.Another key challenge is the limited range of ETPs on which there are options  however  this goes hand-in-hand with investor demand and is something that we hope will broaden as the adoption of ETPs and ETP options improves.ETP options in Europe  while currently largely under the radar  present investors with an interesting opportunity to help achieve their investment risk and return objectives.They have their challenges  principally around liquidity and breadth of available underlying ETPs but the unique non-linear payoff profile of options and their physical settlement (meaning reduced execution risk and trading costs on exercise) allows them to be very effective instruments for portfolio construction and risk management.Andrew Limberis is investment manager at Omba Advisory & InvestmentsThis article first appeared in ETF Insider  ETF Stream's monthly ETF magazine for professional investors in Europe. To access the full issue  click here.Related articles,neutral,0.04,0.86,0.1,mixed,0.22,0.17,0.61,True,English,"['European-listed ETF options', 'opportunity', 'popular Global X NASDAQ 100 Covered Call ETF', 'SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust', 'many other useful option strategies', 'The European ETP options landscape', 'cash-covered put writing strategy', 'exact same underlying instrument', 'exact same underlying ETF', 'six fixed income ETFs', 'European equity index options', 'nine exchange-traded commodities', 'reserve bank rhetoric', 'credit default swaps', 'European-listed ETF options', 'ETF options market', 'notional open interest', 'specific investment outcomes', 'options advisory service', 'embedded options strategy', 'four ETP issuers', 'long ETP positions', 'remaining time value', 'careful risk management', 'listed ETP options', 'useful strategy', 'ETF structure', 'investment strategy', 'same index', 'underlying ETP', 'attractive strategy', 'extra income', 'same risks', '23 equity ETFs', 'investment strategies', 'underlying exposure', 'key strategies', 'Changing strategies', 'option holder', 'new index', 'portfolio construction', 'greatest strengths', 'less attention', 'new regime', 'higher rates', 'valuable tool', 'gold ETC', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'perfect measure', 'product adoption', 'key reason', 'relative insignificance', 'several differences', 'execution risk', 'trading costs', 'bid/offer spreads', 'behavioural perspective', 'emotional aspects', 'opportunistic use', 'respectable premiums', 'VIX chart', 'tax consequences', 'existing position', 'unrealised gains', 'current selection', 'options markets', 'desired time', 'physical settlement', 'ETP price', 'financial markets', 'lower price', 'US popularity', 'important benefit', 'extra trade', 'continued spikes', 'early exercise', 'opportunity', 'role', 'versatility', 'ETPs', 'ingenuity', 'usefulness', 'volatility', 'investors', 'clients', 'BlackRock', 'DWS', 'WisdomTree', 'QYLD', 'end', 'January', 'SPY', 'December', 'nature', 'Liquidity', 'expiry', 'mix', 'European-style', 'American-style', 'date', 'brokerage', 'money', 'account', 'purchase', 'magnitude', 'view', 'geopolitics', 'hedging', 'derivative', 'example', 'flurry']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,etfstream.com
1220,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.ifre.com/story/3295597/vw-brings-back-hybrid-supply-tfyc0ld9wj,VW brings back hybrid supply,1 day ago,"Volkswagen launched the first hybrid bond in the euro investment-grade corporate bond market since Russia's invasion of Ukraine on Monday in a sign that primary markets are almost back to full speed.While supply across bond sectors has returned over the past few weeks  it has been mostly in safe areas  such as SSA or covered bonds though Deutsche Bank brought a more than four times covered Tier 2 last week. There has been some corporate issuance too but the sight of the first hybrid in more than a month will be a source of great encouragement to bankers and investors.""There is a sense of the market having fully reopened "" said a banker away from the deal.The German automobile manufacturer  rated A3/BBB+  raised €2.25bn from a two-tranche transaction that was covered more than four times  with orders skewed to the shorter-dated hybrid. The deal paid a final concession of around 25bp across both portions  according to bankers.Volkswagen's €1bn perpetual non-call 5.75 note and a €1.25bn perpetual non-call nine bond were launched at 3.75% and 4.375%  respectively  inside initial price thoughts of 4.25% area and 4.875% area. Barclays  MUFG  Natwest Markets Santander and UniCredit were joint bookrunners.At the start  the banker away said the bonds were coming 75bp back of fair value  at spreads of 250bp–255bp and 275bp–280bp over the issuer's senior curve.The deal is the first corporate hybrid since Deutsche Boerse raised €500m from a 26.25-year non-call 6.25 bond on February 16. That was before Russia's invasion of Ukraine on February 24.Still  the 2022 hybrid roaster has been poor with only four such deals coming the euro high-grade corporate market this year before VW's. The asset class has struggled to perform because of the heightened market volatility stemming not just from the war but also the rising interest rates environment.Two hybrid notes  perpetual non-call 5.25 and perpetual non-call 15  sold by TotalEnergies in January  for example  were bid at around 95 and 91 on Monday after pricing at par.""It's clear that the market [has] stabilised and the spreads in the secondary [have] retraced. Although NIPs [have] varied and were higher last week  deals got done so there has been a positive momentum "" said a portfolio manager.The euro non-financials subordinated average spreads widened sharply in late February to peak at 296.8bp on March 7 having started the year at 173.8bp  but has since tightened back to 247.7bp as of last Friday  according to iBoxx.Still  investors are wary of being too optimistic in their market outlook  and are balancing their need to generate alpha with a sense of caution.""We are comfortable to hold short-dated hybrids and high-yield bonds or short-dated lower quality bonds with higher beta exposure because near-term fundamentals look strong  but it's very dependent on the tone of the market "" the portfolio manager said.Book sizes for Volkswagen's perpetual non-call 5.75 and perpetual non-call nine notes came in at €5.5bn and €4.75bn  respectively.The subordinated notes have expected ratings of Baa2/BBB– and are issued through Dutch financing entity Volkswagen International Finance.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.17,0.08,0.75,True,English,"['hybrid supply', 'VW', 'euro non-financials subordinated average spreads', 'euro investment-grade corporate bond market', '€1.25bn perpetual non-call nine bond', 'rising interest rates environment', 'euro high-grade corporate market', '€1bn perpetual non-call 5.75 note', 'short-dated lower quality bonds', '26.25-year non-call 6.25 bond', 'German automobile manufacturer', 'initial price thoughts', 'higher beta exposure', 'Dutch financing entity', 'first hybrid bond', 'first corporate hybrid', 'Natwest Markets Santander', 'Two hybrid notes', 'Volkswagen International Finance', 'nine notes', 'subordinated notes', 'bond sectors', 'corporate issuance', 'short-dated hybrids', 'primary markets', 'shorter-dated hybrid', '2022 hybrid roaster', 'market volatility', 'market outlook', 'full speed', 'safe areas', 'Deutsche Bank', 'a month', 'great encouragement', 'two-tranche transaction', 'final concession', 'joint bookrunners', 'fair value', 'senior curve', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'asset class', 'positive momentum', 'portfolio manager', 'last Friday', 'high-yield bonds', 'near-term fundamentals', 'Book sizes', 'four times', 'late February', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'Monday', 'sign', 'supply', 'past', 'weeks', 'SSA', 'Tier', 'sight', 'source', 'bankers', 'investors', 'sense', 'deal', 'orders', '25bp', 'portions', '4.25% area', '4.875% area', 'Barclays', 'MUFG', 'UniCredit', 'start', '250bp', 'issuer', 'VW', 'war', 'TotalEnergies', 'January', 'example', 'pricing', 'par', 'secondary', 'NIPs', 'March', 'iBoxx', 'need', 'alpha', 'caution', 'tone', 'ratings', 'Baa2/BBB']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,ifre.com
1221,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.etfstream.com/news/franklin-templeton-unveils-taiwan-etf/,Franklin Templeton unveils Taiwan ETF,1 day ago,Franklin Templeton unveils Taiwan ETFFranklin Templeton has expanded its single-country emerging market range with the launch of a Taiwan ETF.The Franklin FTSE Taiwan UCITS ETF is set to list on Deutsche Boerse on 22 March  the London Stock Exchange and Borsa Italiana on 23 March with a total expense ratio (TER) of 0.19%  31 basis points than the next cheapest Taiwan exposure.The ETF will track the FTSE Taiwan 30/18 index which currently offers exposure to 108 large and mid-cap Taiwan companies.To limit over-concentration  index constituents are capped quarterly so the largest company’s weighting does not exceed 30% and the remaining stocks do not exceed 18%.The ETF currently has a 61.4% weighting to the technology sector and a 16.8% weighting to financials.Caroline Baron (pictured)  head of ETF business development  EMEA  at Franklin Templeton  commented: “Taiwan is home to some of the most technologically advanced companies globally and continues to offer attractive investment prospects  given its market leadership in high-growth sectors like electronic circuits  automation and semiconductors.“Our single-country ETFs allow investors to tailor their emerging market allocations rather than follow the country weights of broader emerging market indices where China could account for more than 35%.”Julian Ide  head of EMEA distribution at Franklin Templeton  added: “Offering greater choices to investors via emerging market ETFs will further enable our clients to use them as building blocks to diversify their portfolios.”The latest launch takes the firm’s single-country emerging market ETF range to five. The other four are:This is the first ETF in Europe to offer exposure to a FTSE Russell Taiwan index. The other three Taiwan ETFs from HSBC Asset Management  BlackRock and DWS track MSCI indices.Related articles,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Franklin Templeton', 'Taiwan ETF', 'The Franklin FTSE Taiwan UCITS ETF', 'single-country emerging market ETF range', 'single-country emerging market range', 'FTSE Russell Taiwan index', 'FTSE Taiwan 30/18 index', 'other three Taiwan ETFs', 'broader emerging market indices', 'next cheapest Taiwan exposure', 'emerging market allocations', 'emerging market ETFs', 'London Stock Exchange', 'total expense ratio', 'attractive investment prospects', 'HSBC Asset Management', 'ETF business development', 'mid-cap Taiwan companies', 'The ETF', 'single-country ETFs', 'market leadership', 'index constituents', 'MSCI indices', 'first ETF', 'Franklin Templeton', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Borsa Italiana', 'largest company', 'remaining stocks', 'technology sector', 'Caroline Baron', 'high-growth sectors', 'electronic circuits', 'country weights', 'Julian Ide', 'greater choices', 'building blocks', 'Related articles', 'EMEA distribution', 'latest launch', '22 March', '23 March', '31 basis', '108 large', 'concentration', 'weighting', 'financials', 'head', 'automation', 'semiconductors', 'investors', 'China', 'clients', 'portfolios', 'firm', 'Europe', 'BlackRock', 'DWS']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,etfstream.com
1222,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/european-markets-close-on-firm-note-as-bank-stocks-rally-on-rate-hike-hopes,European Markets Close On Firm Note As Bank Stocks Rally On Rate Hike Hopes,4 hours ago,(RTTNews) - Despite concerns about the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict  European markets closed higher on Tuesday as bank stocks posted strong gains amid hopes the central banks might resort to aggressive interest rate hikes this year.Hopes about rate hikes have increased after Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell said on Monday that the U.S. central bank was prepared to raise rates aggressively  if needed.U.S. Treasury yields rose to their highest level since 2019 and Euro Zone government bond yields moved higher as well after Powell's hawkish comments.Despite persisting worries about the war in Ukraine  investors reacted a bit positively to reports that Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky was prepared to discuss a commitment from Ukraine not to seek NATO membership in exchange for a ceasefire  the withdrawal of Russian troops and a guarantee of Ukraine's security.The pan European Stoxx 600 climbed 0.85%. The U.K.'s FTSE 100 gained 0.46%  Germany's DAX surged up 1.02% and France's CAC 40 gained 1.17%  while Switzerland's SMI advanced 0.26%.Among other markets in Europe  Austria  Belgium  Czech Republic  Finland  Greece  Netherlands  Norway  Poland  Portugal  Spain and Turkey closed notably higher.Sweden edged up marginally  while Denmark  Iceland and Ireland closed weak.In the UK market  Prudential  Aviva  Lloyds Banking Group  HSBC Holdings and Natwest Group gained 3 to 4.2%. JD Sports Fashion ended nearly 3% up  while Melrose Industries  Standard Chartered  Legal & General and Barclays moved up 2.5 to 2.8%.Europe's largest online restaurant food ordering service Just Eat Takeaway.com jumped 2.5%. The company has secured a long-term global strategic partnership with McDonald's Corp. that will lead to increased operational benefits.Kingfisher ended more than 6% down despite the company reporting a significant rise in pretax profit and revenue for fiscal 2022.Auto Trader Group shed about 4.4% and Fresnillo declined nearly 3%. Endeavour Mining  CRH  RightMove  Rio Tinto  Coca-Cola HBC and Croda International lost 1.6 to 2.4%.In the German market  Deutsche Bank rallied nearly 5.5%. Puma gained about 3.2%  while BMW  Munich RE  RWE  Infineon Technologies  Adidas  Deutsche Boerse  Allianz  Porsche Automobile  Daimler and Covestro gained 1 to 2%.In the French market  Unibail Rodamco climbed up nearly 3.5%. Accor  Airbus Group  Veolia  Air France-KLM  L'Oreal  Engie  ArcelorMittal  BNP Paribas  Saint Gobain  Credit Agricole and Societe Generale gained 1 to 3%.In economic news  The UK budget deficit narrowed in February from the last year but the shortfall was the second-highest for the month of February since records began in 1993  the Office for National Statistics said on Tuesday.Public sector net borrowing excluding public sector banks was GBP 13.1 billion in February  which was GBP 2.4 billion less than in February.The eurozone current account surplus remained unchanged in January  the European Central Bank said.The current account surplus held steady at EUR 23 billion in January. In the same period last year  the surplus was EUR 38 billion. The expected level was EUR 24.3 billion.Data from Eurostat showed Eurozone construction output increased in January  led by building activity  after falling in the previous month.According to the data  construction output rose 3.9% month-on-month in January  after a 1.5% drop in December. In November  construction output edged up 0.1%.Building and civil engineering output increased 4.2% and 1.4%  respectively  after declines in DecemberOn a yearly basis  construction output grew 4.1% in January  following a 0.2% rise in December  the data showed.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq  Inc.,neutral,0.07,0.72,0.2,negative,0.04,0.22,0.74,True,English,"['European Markets', 'Firm Note', 'Bank Stocks', 'Hike Hopes', 'Rate', 'largest online restaurant food ordering service', 'Euro Zone government bond yields', 'Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell', 'U.S. Treasury yields', 'Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky', 'long-term global strategic partnership', 'Public sector net borrowing', 'The pan European Stoxx', 'aggressive interest rate hikes', 'U.S. central bank', 'eurozone current account surplus', 'The U.K.', 'public sector banks', 'ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict', 'JD Sports Fashion', 'European Central Bank', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'Auto Trader Group', 'UK budget deficit', 'civil engineering output', 'Eurozone construction output', 'central banks', 'European markets', 'bank stocks', 'Deutsche Bank', 'UK market', 'Natwest Group', 'Airbus Group', 'strong gains', 'hawkish comments', 'persisting worries', 'NATO membership', 'Russian troops', 'other markets', 'Czech Republic', 'HSBC Holdings', 'Melrose Industries', 'Standard Chartered', 'operational benefits', 'pretax profit', 'Endeavour Mining', 'Rio Tinto', 'Coca-Cola HBC', 'Croda International', 'German market', 'Munich RE', 'Infineon Technologies', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Porsche Automobile', 'French market', 'Unibail Rodamco', 'Air France-KLM', ""L'Oreal"", 'BNP Paribas', 'Saint Gobain', 'Credit Agricole', 'Societe Generale', 'economic news', 'last year', 'National Statistics', 'same period', 'yearly basis', 'highest level', 'significant rise', 'building activity', 'previous month', '0.2% rise', 'RTTNews', 'concerns', 'Tuesday', 'hopes', 'Monday', 'rates', 'war', 'investors', 'reports', 'commitment', 'exchange', 'ceasefire', 'withdrawal', 'guarantee', 'security', 'FTSE 100', 'Germany', 'DAX', 'CAC', 'Switzerland', 'SMI', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Finland', 'Greece', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Poland', 'Portugal', 'Spain', 'Turkey', 'Sweden', 'Denmark', 'Iceland', 'Ireland', 'Prudential', 'Aviva', 'Legal', 'Barclays', 'company', 'McDonald', 'Corp.', 'Kingfisher', 'revenue', 'fiscal', 'Fresnillo', 'CRH', 'RightMove', 'Puma', 'BMW', 'RWE', 'Adidas', 'Allianz', 'Daimler', 'Covestro', 'Accor', 'Veolia', 'Engie', 'ArcelorMittal', 'February', 'shortfall', 'records', 'Office', 'January', 'Data', 'Eurostat', '1.5% drop', 'December', 'November', 'declines', 'views', 'opinions', 'author', 'Nasdaq', 'Inc', '2019']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,nasdaq.com
1223,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.globaltimes.cn/page/202203/1256427.shtml,Chinese firms attracted by Swiss listings as country pushes for more overseas IPOs,1 day ago,"Investors monitor stocks at a trading center in Chengdu  Southwest China's Sichuan Province. Photo: VCGA handful of Chinese companies have revealed plans for get listed on the Swiss Stock Exchange  as the country pushes for more overseas IPOs.China has been encouraging its businesses to seek globalized fund-raising despite the US government's regulatory toughening that has targeted Chinese companies for a time  market watchers said  although views remain split over the viability of European listings.Jürg Schneider  spokesperson for Swiss exchange operator SIX  told the Global Times on Monday that SIX is working with relevant authorities and partner exchanges to progress on the journey started in 2019  after signing of the MoUs with Shanghai and Shenzhen  to establish an attractive Stock Connect system with Chinese exchanges that will allow Chinese companies to tap into the Swiss capital market  while ensuring the highest standards of investor protection.""Such announcements - as the ones of the various Chinese companies last week - are proof of the interest in SIX and for such a set-up  and we will officially communicate together with the relevant Chinese exchange once the Stock Connect is ready "" according to Schneider.This past week  three Chinese mainland-listed companies - heavy machinery maker Sany Heavy Industry  Lepu Medical Technology (Beijing) and battery maker Gotion High-Tech - disclosed in their filings with the Shanghai and Shenzhen exchanges plans to issue global depositary receipts (GDRs) on the Swiss exchange.The planned GDR issues instantly put the spotlight on the primary European bourse that sits alongside the London Stock Exchange and Germany's Deutsche Boerse.Among the reasons for the GDR issues are an accelerated push for internationalization  the leverage of the capital market and improved corporate governance and shareholding structures  the filings said.Both Sany and Gotion described the GDR plan as a response to the domestic capital market's policy call as part of moves to deepen interconnections between the Chinese and European capital markets and the leverage of overseas capital markets to assist the real economy.A flurry of interest in the Swiss exchange  in the wake of an expansion of a stock trading link between domestic and overseas stock exchanges to include German and Swiss bourses  indicates that China's capital market has continued to open its doors wider to the outside world and has retained its support strategically for local businesses' IPOs beyond their home turf  Yang Delong  member of the Chief Economist Committee of Securities Association of China  told the Global Times.The China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) unveiled revised rules in mid-February  which stipulate that eligible businesses traded on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange will be included into the stock link  which previously only comprised firms listed on the Shanghai and London stock exchanges.Exchanges in Switzerland and Germany also became part of the link  pursuant to the revised rules.The US has ramped up its regulatory toughening on Chinese shares over the past few years  but China has stayed unfazed with a continued open stance on overseas listings by local firms  Yang said.Since the US enacted the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act in 2020  China has maintained communications with US regulatory authorities and sought effective ways to resolve the issue  market observers said  stressing that the stock linkup expansion has increasingly been seen as a conduit for local firms to rev up their global expansion.In a fresh avowal of official support  the CSRC crystallized its push for the implementation of the new rules governing overseas listings as the securities regulator championed varied eligible firms' plans for IPOs on overseas exchanges  read a CSRC post on Wednesday.Nonetheless  such GDRs remain last in line for domestic firms seeking an overseas listing  Hong Hao  managing director and head of research at BOCOM International  told the Global Times on Monday.Factoring in a scarcity of Chinese shares on European exchanges where investors are largely unfamiliar with Chinese options  local firms tend to put such GDRs on the back burner  Hong said  citing insufficient trading volumes as a frequent issue with such listings.Thus far  only four GDRs have been issued on the London Stock Exchange via the stock connect linking Shanghai and London exchanges since the linkup's launch in June 2019 - Huatai Securities' trailblazing GDR issuance in June 2019  China Pacific Insurance's GDR listing in June 2020  China Yangtze Power's offering in September 2020 and SDIC Power Holdings' listing in October 2020.The stock linkup includes both eastbound and westbound trading  with the prior direction consisting of firms listed on foreign exchanges with offerings of Chinese Depositary Receipts (CDRs) in the mainland market.Mainland-listed firms  for their part  issue GDRs on overseas stock exchanges.Initially  GDR issuers are capable of fundraising on the overseas markets while CDR issuers can only list CDRs on the mainland exchanges and not raise capital.",neutral,0.1,0.81,0.09,negative,0.03,0.26,0.71,True,English,"['Chinese firms', 'Swiss listings', 'overseas IPOs', 'country', 'Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act', ""Huatai Securities' trailblazing GDR issuance"", 'The China Securities Regulatory Commission', ""SDIC Power Holdings' listing"", 'attractive Stock Connect system', 'three Chinese mainland-listed companies', 'Lepu Medical Technology', 'Chief Economist Committee', 'continued open stance', 'heavy machinery maker', 'primary European bourse', 'insufficient trading volumes', 'China Yangtze Power', 'various Chinese companies', 'Chinese Depositary Receipts', 'Swiss exchange operator', 'London Stock Exchange', 'global depositary receipts', 'Jürg Schneider', 'Sany Heavy Industry', 'China Pacific Insurance', 'Swiss Stock Exchange', 'European capital markets', 'overseas capital markets', 'relevant Chinese exchange', 'US regulatory authorities', 'Shenzhen Stock Exchange', 'Swiss capital market', 'overseas stock exchanges', 'stock trading link', 'domestic capital market', 'stock linkup expansion', ""eligible firms' plans"", ""local businesses' IPOs"", 'foreign exchanges', 'Securities Association', 'The US', 'GDR listing', 'regulatory toughening', 'relevant authorities', 'overseas listing', 'overseas markets', 'London exchanges', 'Mainland-listed firms', 'European exchanges', 'Chinese exchanges', 'overseas exchanges', 'trading center', 'battery maker', 'GDR issues', 'GDR plan', 'Swiss bourses', 'eligible businesses', 'westbound trading', 'GDR issuers', 'overseas IPOs', 'Chinese shares', 'Chinese options', 'market watchers', 'market observers', 'European listings', 'Global Times', 'global expansion', 'partner exchanges', 'Shenzhen exchanges', 'local firms', 'Southwest China', 'Sichuan Province', 'globalized fund-raising', 'US government', 'highest standards', 'investor protection', 'Such announcements', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'corporate governance', 'shareholding structures', 'policy call', 'real economy', 'outside world', 'home turf', 'effective ways', 'fresh avowal', 'managing director', 'BOCOM International', 'back burner', 'prior direction', 'CDR issuers', 'domestic firms', 'mainland market', 'Gotion High-Tech', 'Yang Delong', 'official support', 'Hong Hao', 'frequent issue', 'new rules', 'CSRC post', 'four GDRs', 'Investors', 'stocks', 'Chengdu', 'Photo', 'VCG', 'handful', 'country', 'views', 'viability', 'spokesperson', 'SIX', 'Monday', 'journey', 'signing', 'MoUs', 'Shanghai', 'proof', 'interest', 'set-up', 'Beijing', 'filings', 'spotlight', 'Germany', 'reasons', 'accelerated', 'push', 'internationalization', 'leverage', 'Both', 'response', 'moves', 'interconnections', 'flurry', 'wake', 'doors', 'member', 'mid-February', 'Switzerland', 'past', 'years', 'communications', 'conduit', 'implementation', 'varied', 'Wednesday', 'line', 'head', 'research', 'scarcity', 'launch', 'June', 'offering', 'September', 'October', 'eastbound', 'CDRs', 'fundraising']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,globaltimes.cn
1224,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-corporate-citizenship-project-critiques-isss-esg-diversity-equity-and-inclusion-performance-in-247-wall-street-op-ed-301508287.html,The Corporate Citizenship Project Critiques ISS's ESG; Diversity  Equity and Inclusion Performance in 24/7 Wall Street Op-Ed,2 hours ago,"The Iowa- based think-tank released an op-ed in 24/7 Wall Street this week criticizing the record of Institutional Shareholder Services on Environmental  Social  Governance issues and the proxy advisor's apparent lack of executive diversityDES MOINES  Iowa  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The Corporate Citizenship Project (www.CorporateCitizenshipProject.com)  a think-tank focused on a data-driven approach to corporate governance issues  released an op-ed in 24/7 Wall Street critiquing Institutional Shareholder Services (""ISS"") and its performance on ESG. Additionally  the op-ed reiterated earlier concerns that ISS and its parent companies---Genstar Capital and Deutsche Boerse---appear to have all-white management teams which belies their stated focus on Diversity  Equity  and Inclusion.The article can be found here:https://247wallst.com/sponsored-content/2022/03/21/iss-on-shaky-ground-with-esg-why-do-investors-and-ceos-beg-for-their-approval/Ghada Salahuddin  President & CEO of The Corporate Citizenship Project issued the following statement:""The Corporate Citizenship Project believes that ESG and Diversity  Equity and Inclusion must be intrinsically motivated not forced extrinsically on companies. ISS's seeming failure to live up to their own diversity standards is a clear illustration that arbitrary standards are ill-fated. Moreover  the vicious Russian assault in Ukraine shows the flaws in ISS's excessive push on ESG which hurts domestic energy producers and jobs while increasing Americans' prices at the pumps. ISS executives need to get out of their Wall Street and DC bubbles and focus on what really matters.""ContactGhada Salahuddin515-259-6929[email protected]SOURCE Corporate Citizenship Project",negative,0.02,0.15,0.83,negative,0.01,0.07,0.92,True,English,"['The Corporate Citizenship Project Critiques', '24/7 Wall Street Op-Ed', 'Inclusion Performance', 'ESG', 'Diversity', 'Equity', '24/7 Wall Street critiquing Institutional Shareholder Services', 'The Corporate Citizenship Project', 'SOURCE Corporate Citizenship Project', 'Environmental, Social, Governance issues', 'The Iowa- based think-tank', 'corporate governance issues', 'white management teams', 'vicious Russian assault', 'domestic energy producers', 'proxy advisor', 'apparent lack', 'DES MOINES', 'data-driven approach', 'earlier concerns', 'Genstar Capital', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Ghada Salahuddin', 'following statement', 'clear illustration', 'arbitrary standards', 'excessive push', ""Americans' prices"", 'DC bubbles', 'executive diversity', 'parent companies', 'diversity standards', 'ISS executives', 'record', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'CorporateCitizenshipProject', 'op', 'performance', 'ESG', 'focus', 'Equity', 'Inclusion', 'article', '247wallst', 'shaky-ground', 'investors', 'ceos', 'approval', 'President', 'failure', 'Ukraine', 'flaws', 'jobs', 'pumps', 'Contact']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,prnewswire.com
1225,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/Trackinsight-Exploring-the-Green-Bonds-ETFs-scenery-in-2022--39830282/,Trackinsight: Exploring the Green Bonds ETFs scenery in 2022,6 hours ago,Green bonds have witnessed some decent inflows this year  garnering over $140 million (net) from investors. These ESG investment products are fixed-income instruments used to fund projects that have a positive impact on the environment or climate benefits. This includes renewable energy  sustainable resource use  conservation  clean transportation and adaptation to climate change. By adding green bonds to a portfolio  an investor is funding projects that have a strong impact on net-zero ambition.Most popular Green Bonds ETFs in America in 2022Among the most popular green bonds funds  this year is the recently launched (January 2022) Wealthsimple North American Green Bond Index ETF (WSGB)  which received $156 million since inception. The fund seeks to replicate the performance of the Solactive Green Bond USD CAD DM CAD hedged Index and invests primarily in investment-grade green  social  and sustainable bonds  with its foreign currency exposure  hedged back to the Canadian dollar. WSGB has a total expense ratio of 0.25% and trades on the NEO Exchange.Other green bonds ETFs available in America include iShares USD Green Bond ETF (BGRN)  Horizons S&P Green Bond Index ETF (HGGB)  and VanEck Vectors Green Bond ETF (GRNB).Most popular Green Bonds ETFs in Europe in 2022Europe has a large offering of green bond ETFs  and is home to popular products such as the Lyxor Green Bond (DR) UCITS ETF - Acc  EUR (CLIM  375.13 million AUM)  Lyxor Green Bond (DR) UCITS ETF - Monthly Hedged to EUR - Acc  EUR (KMLH  168 million AUM)  and Xtrackers EUR Corporate Green Bond UCITS ETF 1C - EUR (XGBE  154 million AUM).Among the trio  XGBE has been the most popular this year  receiving $22 million from investors. The fund seeks to track Bloomberg MSCI EUR Corporate and Agency Green Bond Index and invests in EUR-denominated corporate (85%) and agency (15%) investment grade green bonds. In terms of country exposure (as of January 31st  2022)  France has the highest allocation (30%)  followed by the Netherlands (22%)  Spain (9.17%)  Germany (8%) and Italy (6%). The investments are spread across green bonds with different maturities  including 5-7 years (22%)  3-5 years (21%)  7-10 years (18%) and 1-3 years (12%).XGBE has a total expense ratio of 0.25% and trades on the Deutsche Boerse Xetra (XGBE GY  EUR)  the Borsa Italiana (XGBE IM  EUR) and the SIX Swiss Exchange (XGBE SW  CHF).Find over 8 000 ETFs with our screener.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.77,0.14,0.09,True,English,"['Green Bonds ETFs scenery', 'Trackinsight', '2022', 'Wealthsimple North American Green Bond Index ETF', 'Horizons S&P Green Bond Index ETF', 'Corporate Green Bond UCITS ETF 1C', 'VanEck Vectors Green Bond ETF', 'iShares USD Green Bond ETF', 'DM CAD hedged Index', 'Solactive Green Bond USD', 'Agency Green Bond Index', 'popular green bonds funds', 'investment grade green bonds', 'Other green bonds ETFs', 'popular Green Bonds ETFs', 'Bloomberg MSCI EUR Corporate', 'green bond ETFs', 'Lyxor Green Bond', 'DR) UCITS ETF', 'ESG investment products', 'total expense ratio', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'sustainable resource use', 'foreign currency exposure', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'popular products', 'EUR-denominated corporate', 'sustainable bonds', 'NEO Exchange', 'country exposure', 'decent inflows', 'fixed-income instruments', 'positive impact', 'climate benefits', 'renewable energy', 'clean transportation', 'climate change', 'strong impact', 'net-zero ambition', 'Canadian dollar', 'large offering', 'million AUM', 'highest allocation', 'different maturities', '5-7 years', '3-5 years', '7-10 years', '1-3 years', 'Borsa Italiana', 'January 31st', 'XGBE GY', 'XGBE IM', 'XGBE SW', '8,000 ETFs', 'investors', 'projects', 'environment', 'conservation', 'adaptation', 'portfolio', 'WSGB', 'inception', 'performance', 'trades', 'BGRN', 'HGGB', 'GRNB', 'Europe', 'Acc', 'KMLH', 'Xtrackers', 'trio', 'terms', 'France', 'Netherlands', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'investments', 'CHF', 'screener']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,marketscreener.com
1226,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://247wallst.com/sponsored-content/2022/03/21/iss-on-shaky-ground-with-esg-why-do-investors-and-ceos-beg-for-their-approval/,ISS on shaky ground with ESG; Why do Investors and CEOs Beg for Their Approval? – 24,1 day ago,ISS on shaky ground with ESG; Why do Investors and CEOs Beg for Their Approval?Institutional Shareholder Services  more commonly known as ISS  is the kingmaker of corporate America.Titans of industry  from billionaire hedge fund managers to Fortune 500 CEOs  eagerly await – and attempt to influence – ISS reports and recommendations because they are seen as pivotal in affecting the votes of large investment firms on matters of M&A  board slates  and other shareholder-level decisions.In recent years  ISS has claimed itself to be the market leader in the environmental  social  and governance (ESG) field  demanding that companies focus on reducing their environmental footprint and increasing diversity or risk incurring their wrath.In the summer of 2020  publicly traded companies received a letter from ISS’s head of ESG  Marija Kramer  asking them to report the race and ethnicity of each of their directors.A section from the letter reads:We are seeking information on the self-identified race/ethnicity of each of the company’s directors and named executive officers (NEOs)  to the extent that the company and the individual directors or NEOs are willing to provide this. This can be done using the attached Excel file which allows you to choose from multiple categories that are largely drawn from the OMB Standards for the Classification of Race and Ethnicity.The author  who is white  represents the broader ISS leadership team that is less diverse than the image they claim to espouse. The more you research ISS’s record  it seems clear that the organization does not appear to have any legitimacy to comment on environmental impact or racial diversity given its own record. Also  its profit motives are suspect.The Pot Calling the Kettle White?ISS seems to be an odd candidate to assess performance on diversity  equity  and inclusion. All 17 of the listed ISS executives appear to be white. Similarly  all the executives at ISS’s parent companies – Genstar Capital and Deutsche Boerse – also appear to be white. Of the nearly 30 executives and board members between ISS and its parent companies  100% are white. How can a company that does not have a single person of color holding an executive position play a role in scolding companies for lack of diversity?Pay to Play Greenwashing?ISS appears to have an opaque pricing model  leaving investors uncertain as to whose interests are actually being represented – the company paying ISS for so-called ESG certifications or the investors who rely on ISS for objective analysis?One illustration of this is Bridgestone Tire  which ISS honored in 2021 with its highest ESG prime certification. In 2021  Bridgestone paid a $3.35 million civil settlement after it was charged with violating the Clean Air Act.That same year  Bridgestone was part of a $5.5 million settlement that claimed one of Bridgestone’s factories in Louisiana had dumped toxic wastewater into the bayou. As an aside  Bridgestone Americas appears to have only one person of color on its management team.This example calls into question the process by which ISS bestows its ESG prime certifications and other ESG ratings on all companies. If companies pay to be considered for ISS’s various certifications  doesn’t it give them a skewed incentive structure to give said companies improved ESG marks?There is a Better WayIf the leading promoter of ESG cannot itself live up to its own standards  then we need to rethink ESG itself and opt for corporate citizenship instead. That is the reason for the creation of The Corporate Citizenship Project (www.CorporateCitizenshipProject.com)  a think-tank focused on offering objective reports and analysis on governance issues in corporate America.Corporate Citizenship means companies play a role in making their communities and our country a better place  not through arbitrary and selectively enforced rules foisted on them by unelected outsiders  but instead through their own initiative and based on their own needs and resources.The recent Russian invasion of Ukraine is a further illustration of the flaws of the ESG movement  which has pushed for divestment from domestic energy producers for years. As a result of this approach  the United States is vulnerable to massive supply shocks resulting from oil shortages. Recent reports from The New York Times say American diplomats are meeting with autocratic regimes in Venezuela and Iran to try to shore up supplies of oil to make up for the oil embargo on Russia.If ESG advocates at ISS had not pushed for divestment from domestic oil production  maybe the United States would not have to make dubious deals with unscrupulous global tyrants just to keep gasoline prices at a reasonable rate.Unfortunately  practical concerns are not of interest to ESG proponents at ISS. ESG is an arbitrary and virtue-signaling movement put together by out-of-touch white billionaires like Larry Fink. They are insulated from the need for any practical considerations and who practically never follow their own pious rules.Corporate America does not need to bend to the will of the ISS. It is time for an alternative.,negative,0.01,0.06,0.94,mixed,0.03,0.11,0.86,True,English,"['shaky ground', 'ISS', 'ESG', 'Investors', 'CEOs', 'Approval', 'billionaire hedge fund managers', 'The New York Times', 'highest ESG prime certification', 'The Corporate Citizenship Project', 'broader ISS leadership team', 'The Pot Calling', 'Institutional Shareholder Services', 'large investment firms', 'other shareholder-level decisions', 'opaque pricing model', 'Clean Air Act', 'skewed incentive structure', 'domestic energy producers', 'massive supply shocks', 'unscrupulous global tyrants', 'recent Russian invasion', '$3.35 million civil settlement', 'domestic oil production', 'other ESG ratings', 'ESG prime certifications', '$5.5 million settlement', 'management team', 'corporate America', 'various certifications', 'Recent reports', 'ESG certifications', 'shaky ground', 'M&A', 'board slates', 'market leader', 'environmental footprint', 'Marija Kramer', 'identified race/ethnicity', 'executive officers', 'Excel file', 'multiple categories', 'environmental impact', 'profit motives', 'odd candidate', 'Genstar Capital', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'board members', 'single person', 'executive position', 'toxic wastewater', 'one person', 'Better Way', 'leading promoter', 'objective reports', 'unelected outsiders', 'United States', 'oil shortages', 'American diplomats', 'autocratic regimes', 'oil embargo', 'dubious deals', 'gasoline prices', 'reasonable rate', 'practical concerns', 'virtue-signaling movement', 'white billionaires', 'Larry Fink', 'practical considerations', 'ESG) field', 'ESG marks', 'ESG movement', 'ESG advocates', 'ESG proponents', 'recent years', 'Fortune 500 CEOs', 'OMB Standards', 'objective analysis', 'One illustration', 'governance issues', 'pious rules', 'Bridgestone Tire', 'Bridgestone Americas', 'traded companies', 'individual directors', 'parent companies', 'ISS reports', 'racial diversity', 'ISS executives', '30 executives', 'Investors', 'Approval', 'kingmaker', 'Titans', 'industry', 'recommendations', 'votes', 'matters', 'risk', 'wrath', 'summer', 'letter', 'head', 'section', 'information', 'company', 'NEOs', 'extent', 'Classification', 'author', 'image', 'record', 'organization', 'legitimacy', 'Kettle', 'performance', 'equity', 'inclusion', 'color', 'role', 'lack', 'Greenwashing', 'interests', 'part', 'factories', 'Louisiana', 'bayou', 'aside', 'example', 'question', 'process', 'creation', 'CorporateCitizenshipProject', 'think-tank', 'communities', 'country', 'place', 'arbitrary', 'selectively', 'initiative', 'needs', 'resources', 'Ukraine', 'flaws', 'divestment', 'result', 'approach', 'Venezuela', 'Iran', 'supplies', 'touch']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,247wallst.com
1227,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.benzinga.com/node/26241474,ePlay's Releases Game Avatars as NFTs for Klocked  Howie Go Viral  and More Games - Benzinga,7 hours ago,"[TODAY IS YOUR LUCKY DAY] Get 50% OFF and get 2 bear market beating options trade straight to your inbox and SMS every month! Click Here Now to Get Started!SAN FRANCISCO  CA / ACCESSWIRE / March 22  2022 / ePlay Digital Inc . EPY EPYFF (FSE:2NY2 ) (the ""Company"") today announced at the Game Developer's Conference in San Francisco  that it is dropping game characters for Howie Go Viral   Big Shot Basketball   and Klocked . Each character has a unique style  appearance  unlocks  skins  and special features. Naomi   the first game character released by ePlay comes with 3-months free Klocked race registration  Spartan gear  and special audio and video effects. The game characters released as NFT's also come with unique animations and camera unlocks.Advanced game characters come with built in unlocks  special features  and skinsEarlier this week  the award-winning Klocked fitness app announced support for full camera and gesture control in 3D map scenes. Pan  zoom  and camera switching is now possible with Klocked allowing users and spectators full control of the 3D world and avatars in Klocked World sports metaverse. Athletes can have a look around as they toe the start line or get ready in the starting corral. Spectators can manipulate cameras to find the best angles and isolate on key parts of the race or racers.""We are creating ways to make it easier and easier to immerse into the sports metaverse "" says Trevor Doerksen  CEO of ePlay Digital and co-creator of Klocked fitness app. ""Releasing game characters as NFT's allow users to create profiles and move between games and apps seamlessly.""Klocked announced the new features at the game industry's premier professional event  GDC   in San Francisco. Klocked is part game engine part fitness tracker. Klocked participants can run solo  in groups  or races in 3D with augmented reality audio and video immersion. Each step in the real world goes towards coins  medals  gear  points  unlocks  loot boxes and more. Klocked lets runners improve their times with fun  game  and motivation.Coach KellyCoach Kelly joins Klocked users on race and fun run days. Upcoming races and fun runs include Berlin  Paris  and New York. Join 30-minutes before start time and Coach Kelly walks participants through the upcoming event. Coach Kelly is with you at race start  during the race  and through to the finish line. Check out the schedule .Klocked WorldKlocked World is a virtual world where users buy  sell  collect  build  innovate  and curate unique virtual sports and entertainment real estate.The Klocked World virtual real estate platform is mapped over the entire surface of the globe  allowing users to purchase - and augment - any place on Earth. From stadiums to race courses to historical monuments and iconic structures including Olympics to World Cup and the Boston Marathon. When you step into Klocked World  you'll truly make a world of your own.About ePlayePlay Digital Inc. is a mobile game creator and publisher specializing in sports  esports and entertainment augmented reality titles  including their new augmented reality running app  Klocked.run   sports gaming app Fan Freak   flagship title Big Shot Basketball and Howie Mandel mobile game collaboration - HowiesGames.com . ePlay is operated by an award-winning team of sports  gaming and eSports leaders as well as broadcast and digital technology industry experts  software engineers and athletes who have brought dozens of game titles to market for companies including Time Warner Cable  ESPN  Sony Pictures  AXS TV  Intel  AXN  Fiat  CBS  and others.ePlay's wholly-owned subsidiary Mobovivo eSports specializes in augmented reality  mobile game development and mobile eSports streaming.ePlay Released GamesHowie Go Viral - iOS / AndroidOutbreak ES - iOSOutbreak Unlimited - iOS / AndroidSwishAR ES - iOSSwishAR - iOS / AndroidBig Shot Basketball - iOS / AndroidBig Swish - iOSBig Shot Swish ES - iOSKlocked Augmented Reality Fitness App - Klocked.meKlocked WorldFan Freak Sports AppFurther InformationFurther details are available under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and the Company's profile on the CSE's website at www.thecse.com/For further media information  or to set up an interview  please contact:ePlay Digital Inc.(310) 684-3857‬E-mail: info@eplaydigital.comWebsite: www.eplaydigital.comCanadian Securities Exchange (CSE): Symbol EPYDeutsche Boerse Xetra - Frankfurt Stock Exchange: Symbol 2NY2; WKN: A2AN4D; ISIN CA26885W1041SOURCE: ePlay Digital Inc.View source version on accesswire.com:",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.41,0.21,0.38,True,English,"['Howie Go Viral', 'Game Avatars', 'More Games', 'ePlay', 'NFTs', 'Klocked', 'Benzinga', 'The Klocked World virtual real estate platform', 'Klocked World Fan Freak Sports App', 'sports gaming app Fan Freak', 'new augmented reality running app', '3-months free Klocked race registration', 'Howie Mandel mobile game collaboration', 'Klocked Augmented Reality Fitness App', '2 bear market beating options', 'award-winning Klocked fitness app', 'entertainment augmented reality titles', 'digital technology industry experts', 'Big Shot Swish ES', 'entertainment real estate', 'Klocked World sports metaverse', 'augmented reality audio', 'unique virtual sports', 'part fitness tracker', 'Big Shot Basketball', 'mobile game development', 'Canadian Securities Exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'part game engine', 'premier professional event', 'Time Warner Cable', 'mobile eSports streaming', 'Android Big Swish', 'mobile game creator', '3D map scenes', 'Howie Go Viral', 'ePlay Digital Inc', 'Advanced game characters', 'first game character', 'fun run days', 'real world', 'virtual world', 'game industry', 'game titles', 'Klocked.run', 'new features', 'New York', 'award-winning team', 'Outbreak ES', '3D world', 'World Cup', 'Game Developer', 'special audio', 'start time', 'upcoming event', 'unique style', 'unique animations', 'Klocked participants', 'LUCKY DAY', 'SAN FRANCISCO', 'EPY EPYFF', 'special features', 'video effects', 'full camera', 'gesture control', 'camera switching', 'full control', 'start line', 'starting corral', 'best angles', 'key parts', 'Trevor Doerksen', 'video immersion', 'loot boxes', 'Coach Kelly', 'fun runs', 'race start', 'finish line', 'entire surface', 'race courses', 'historical monuments', 'iconic structures', 'Boston Marathon', 'flagship title', 'eSports leaders', 'software engineers', 'Sony Pictures', 'AXS TV', 'Mobovivo eSports', 'Outbreak Unlimited', 'Further Information', 'Further details', 'media information', 'Klocked users', 'Spartan gear', 'Upcoming races', 'Symbol EPY', 'source version', 'camera unlocks', 'TODAY', 'inbox', 'SMS', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'March', 'FSE', '2NY2', 'Company', 'Conference', 'appearance', 'skins', 'Naomi', 'NFT', 'support', 'zoom', 'spectators', 'avatars', 'Athletes', 'look', 'cameras', 'racers', 'ways', 'CEO', 'profiles', 'games', 'apps', 'GDC', 'groups', 'step', 'coins', 'medals', 'points', 'runners', 'times', 'motivation', 'Berlin', 'Paris', 'schedule', 'globe', 'place', 'Earth', 'stadiums', 'Olympics', 'publisher', 'broadcast', 'dozens', 'companies', 'ESPN', 'Intel', 'AXN', 'Fiat', 'CBS', 'others', 'subsidiary', 'iOS', 'SwishAR', 'SEDAR', 'CSE', 'website', 'interview', 'mail', 'eplaydigital', 'WKN', 'A2AN4D', 'ISIN']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,benzinga.com
1228,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/the-corporate-citizenship-project-critiques-iss-s-esg-diversity-equity-and-inclusion-performance-in-24-7-wall-street-op-ed-1031299454,The Corporate Citizenship Project Critiques ISS's ESG; Diversity  Equity and Inclusion Performance in 24/7 Wall Street Op-Ed,The Iowa- based think-tank released an op-ed in 24/7 Wall Street this week criticizing the record of Institutional Shareholder Services on,"The Iowa- based think-tank released an op-ed in 24/7 Wall Street this week criticizing the record of Institutional Shareholder Services on Environmental  Social  Governance issues and the proxy advisor's apparent lack of executive diversityDES MOINES  Iowa  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The Corporate Citizenship Project (www.CorporateCitizenshipProject.com)  a think-tank focused on a data-driven approach to corporate governance issues  released an op-ed in 24/7 Wall Street critiquing Institutional Shareholder Services (""ISS"") and its performance on ESG. Additionally  the op-ed reiterated earlier concerns that ISS and its parent companies---Genstar Capital and Deutsche Boerse---appear to have all-white management teams which belies their stated focus on Diversity  Equity  and Inclusion.The article can be found here:https://247wallst.com/sponsored-content/2022/03/21/iss-on-shaky-ground-with-esg-why-do-investors-and-ceos-beg-for-their-approval/Ghada Salahuddin  President & CEO of The Corporate Citizenship Project issued the following statement:""The Corporate Citizenship Project believes that ESG and Diversity  Equity and Inclusion must be intrinsically motivated not forced extrinsically on companies. ISS's seeming failure to live up to their own diversity standards is a clear illustration that arbitrary standards are ill-fated. Moreover  the vicious Russian assault in Ukraine shows the flaws in ISS's excessive push on ESG which hurts domestic energy producers and jobs while increasing Americans' prices at the pumps. ISS executives need to get out of their Wall Street and DC bubbles and focus on what really matters.""ContactGhada Salahuddin515-259-6929Rashida@CorporateCitizenshipProject.comView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-corporate-citizenship-project-critiques-isss-esg-diversity-equity-and-inclusion-performance-in-247-wall-street-op-ed-301508287.htmlSOURCE Corporate Citizenship Project",negative,0.02,0.15,0.83,negative,0.01,0.07,0.92,True,English,"['The Corporate Citizenship Project Critiques', '24/7 Wall Street Op-Ed', 'Inclusion Performance', 'ESG', 'Diversity', 'Equity', '24/7 Wall Street critiquing Institutional Shareholder Services', 'The Corporate Citizenship Project', 'SOURCE Corporate Citizenship Project', 'Environmental, Social, Governance issues', 'The Iowa- based think-tank', 'corporate governance issues', 'white management teams', 'vicious Russian assault', 'domestic energy producers', 'proxy advisor', 'apparent lack', 'DES MOINES', 'data-driven approach', 'earlier concerns', 'Genstar Capital', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Ghada Salahuddin', 'following statement', 'clear illustration', 'arbitrary standards', 'excessive push', ""Americans' prices"", 'DC bubbles', 'original content', 'executive diversity', 'parent companies', 'diversity standards', 'ISS executives', 'record', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'CorporateCitizenshipProject', 'op', 'performance', 'ESG', 'focus', 'Equity', 'Inclusion', 'article', '247wallst', 'shaky-ground', 'investors', 'ceos', 'approval', 'President', 'failure', 'Ukraine', 'flaws', 'jobs', 'pumps', 'Contact', 'Rashida', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'corporate-citizenship-project-critiques']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,markets.businessinsider.com
1229,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,In 2015  I talked about Bitcoin and digital assets with one of Europe's largest stock exchanges the Deutsche Börse.… https://t.co/nMuR19f3Da,nan,In 2015  I talked about Bitcoin and digital assets with one of Europe's largest stock exchanges the Deutsche Börse.… https://t.co/nMuR19f3Da,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['largest stock exchanges', 'Deutsche Börse', 'digital assets', 'Bitcoin', 'Europe', 'nMuR19f3Da', 'largest stock exchanges', 'Deutsche Börse', 'digital assets', 'Bitcoin', 'Europe', 'nMuR19f3Da']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1230,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,German financial services firm Commerzbank and securities marketplace Deutsche Boerse have completed a PoC for a le… https://t.co/hp0ffEvW6m,nan,German financial services firm Commerzbank and securities marketplace Deutsche Boerse have completed a PoC for a le… https://t.co/hp0ffEvW6m,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['German financial services firm', 'securities marketplace', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Commerzbank', 'PoC', 'hp0ffEvW6m', 'German financial services firm', 'securities marketplace', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Commerzbank', 'PoC', 'hp0ffEvW6m']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1231,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veons-banglalink-launches-health-hub-090000777.html,"VEON's Banglalink launches ""Health Hub"" to provide Bangladesh's first digital health aggregator platform",VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON)  (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  announces that its Banglalink mobile...,"DHAKA  Bangladesh  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd . (NASDAQ: VEON)  (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  announces that its Banglalink mobile operator in Bangladesh has launched Health Hub  the country's first integrated digital health platform.Introduced as part of Banglalink's MyBL self-care mobile service  Health Hub is a one-stop healthcare platform for Banglalink customers that covers every aspect of an individual's health from initial consultations to medicine planning. Through the platform  users have access to a comprehensive array of affordable digital health services provided by 'Health Hub' partners including Bangladesh's leading healthcare providers Daktarbhai  DocTime  and Pulse.In a country with dispersed and sometimes difficult to access health services  Health Hub brings together multiple facilities such as booking doctor appointments  video consultations  insurance claims  a personal health tracking tool  home sample collection  and medicine delivery in one digital portal. The Health Hub platform covers all major health needs and enables users to find medical services at substantially lower costs. Banglalink customers will have access to the facilities through exclusive daily  monthly  and yearly subscription packages.""Bangladesh is a market with huge potential that is undergoing a transformation through the adoption of digital services. This is digital democratization of health care that opens the way for customers to find better and lower-cost services "" explains Erik Aas  CEO of Banglalink.Kaan Terzioglu  Group Chief Executive Officer  VEON  said  ""Banglalink's launch of Health Hub is a remarkable initiative as it draws together all the main healthcare providers in the country into a single  accessible digital services that will provide major benefits for the people of Bangladesh. Health Hub also extends the portfolio of digital operator services that VEON offers.""Story continuesThe development of Banglalink's Heath Hub builds on VEON's commitment to enhance the lives of its customers by providing best-in-class digital services to its customers. Parallel initiatives  developed under VEON's Digital Operator strategy  include Toffee  the highly successful entertainment application that was initiated 2019 and is now used by 6.4 million people in Bangladesh1  and JazzCash  VEON's mobile banking service in Pakistan that has 15.2 million customers1. VEON operates in nine countries serving 220 customers over a population of 680 million people.About VEONVEON is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-listed global provider of connectivity and digital services. Our companies are transforming lifestyles through technology-driven services that empower opportunity in some of the world's fastest-growing emerging markets. VEON operates in nine countries serving 220 customers over a population of 680 million people  with an independent board  an international management team and no controlling shareholder. For more information  visit: https://www.veon.comDisclaimerThis release contains ""forward-looking statements""  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  the extension of the application of VEON's Augmented Intelligence Platform. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact InformationVEON GroupGroup Communications DirectorMarina LevinaMarina.levina@veon.comTUVA PartnersJulian Tannerjulian.tanner@tuvapartners.comM +44 7900 205 460CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veons-banglalink-launches-health-hub-to-provide-bangladeshs-first-digital-health-aggregator-platform-301507531.htmlSOURCE VEON Ltd",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.28,0.43,True,English,"['first digital health aggregator platform', 'Health Hub', 'VEON', 'Banglalink', 'Bangladesh', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'VEON Group Group Communications Director', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Group Chief Executive Officer', 'MyBL self-care mobile service', 'personal health tracking tool', 'single, accessible digital services', 'integrated digital health platform', 'affordable digital health services', 'The Health Hub platform', 'mobile banking service', 'leading healthcare providers', 'home sample collection', 'yearly subscription packages', 'main healthcare providers', 'growing emerging markets', 'international management team', 'one digital portal', 'Digital Operator strategy', 'one-stop healthcare platform', 'Augmented Intelligence Platform', 'digital operator services', 'major health needs', 'leading global provider', 'successful entertainment application', 'Banglalink mobile operator', ""Health Hub' partners"", 'SOURCE VEON Ltd', 'digital democratization', 'health care', 'major benefits', 'TUVA Partners', 'internet services', 'medical services', 'lower-cost services', 'technology-driven services', 'Heath Hub', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'initial consultations', 'medicine planning', 'comprehensive array', 'doctor appointments', 'video consultations', 'insurance claims', 'medicine delivery', 'lower costs', 'huge potential', 'Erik Aas', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'remarkable initiative', 'Parallel initiatives', 'nine countries', 'independent board', 'controlling shareholder', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'original content', '6.4 million people', '680 million people', 'multiple facilities', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', '15.2 million customers', 'Marina Levina', 'Julian Tanner', 'Banglalink customers', 'statements', '220 customers', 'DHAKA', 'Bangladesh', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'connectivity', 'country', 'aspect', 'individual', 'users', 'Daktarbhai', 'DocTime', 'Pulse', 'booking', 'transformation', 'adoption', 'way', 'CEO', 'launch', 'portfolio', 'Story', 'development', 'commitment', 'lives', 'class', 'Toffee', 'JazzCash', 'Pakistan', 'population', 'companies', 'lifestyles', 'opportunity', 'world', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'extension', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'tuvapartners', 'Cision', 'health-hub']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1232,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cnova-nv-appoints-cfo-064500074.html,Cnova NV appoints CFO,Cnova NV appoints CFO 22 March 2022  07:45 CET Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova” or the “Company”) announces the appointment of...,Cnova N.V.Cnova NV appoints CFO22 March 2022  07:45 CET Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova” or the “Company”) announces the appointment of Mr. Maxime Dubarry as CFO  effective on the date hereof.Since joining Cnova in 2017  Mr. Dubarry has served successively as Chief Accounting Officer and Deputy Chief Financial Officer of Cdiscount. He also acted as interim Chief Financial Officer of Cnova from April to November 2021.Prior to joining the Company  Mr. Dubarry worked 12 years at Deloitte France within the Audit service line  lastly in the role of Director. Mr Dubarry has an engineer's degree from the Ecole Spéciale des Travaux Public (ESTP) and is a French Certified Public Accountant.Mr. Dubarry will succeed Mr. Luc Péligry  who will leave the Company for personal reasons on the date hereof. The Board of Directors would like to thank Mr. Péligry for his contribution to the Company.***About Cnova N.V.Cnova N.V.  the French ecommerce leader  serves 10 million active customers via its state-of-the-art website  Cdiscount. Cnova N.V.’s product offering provides its clients with a wide variety of very competitively priced goods  fast and customer-convenient delivery options  practical and innovative payment solutions as well as travel  entertainment and domestic energy services. Cnova N.V. is part of Groupe Casino  a global diversified retailer. Cnova N.V.'s news releases are available at www.cnova.com. Information available on  or accessible through  the sites referenced above is not part of this press release.This press release contains regulated information (gereglementeerde informatie) within the meaning of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) which must be made publicly available pursuant to Dutch and French law. This press release is intended for information purposes only.***Cnova Investor Relations Contact:investor@cnovagroup.comMedia contact:directiondelacommunication@cdiscount.com Tel: +33 6 18 33 17 86AttachmentStory continues,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,positive,0.6,0.3,0.11,True,English,"['Cnova NV', 'CFO', 'Ecole Spéciale des Travaux Public', 'French Certified Public Accountant', 'Deputy Chief Financial Officer', 'interim Chief Financial Officer', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Mr. Luc Péligry', 'CET Cnova N.V.', 'Cnova Investor Relations Contact', 'Chief Accounting Officer', 'Mr. Péligry', 'Audit service line', 'French ecommerce leader', '10 million active customers', 'competitively priced goods', 'customer-convenient delivery options', 'innovative payment solutions', 'domestic energy services', 'global diversified retailer', 'Mr. Maxime Dubarry', 'French law', 'Media contact', 'Mr. Dubarry', 'Mr Dubarry', 'Cnova NV', 'Euronext Paris', 'Deloitte France', 'personal reasons', 'art website', 'wide variety', 'Groupe Casino', 'news releases', 'press release', 'gereglementeerde informatie', 'financieel toezicht', 'regulated information', 'information purposes', 'CFO', 'March', 'CNV', 'ISIN', 'Company', 'appointment', 'date', 'Cdiscount', 'April', 'November', 'role', 'Director', 'engineer', 'degree', 'ESTP', 'Board', 'contribution', 'state', 'product', 'clients', 'fast', 'practical', 'travel', 'entertainment', 'part', 'sites', 'meaning', 'cnovagroup', 'directiondelacommunication', 'Attachment', 'Story', '07', '33']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1233,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fnac-darty-increase-resources-allocated-173000095.html,Fnac Darty: Increase in resources allocated to the liquidity contract with Natixis ODDO BHF,Increase in resources allocated to the liquidity contract with Natixis ODDO BHF FNAC DARTY (ISIN FR0011476928) and Natixis ODDO BHF SCA signed  on March 22...,Fnac DartyIncrease in resources allocated to the liquidity contract with Natixis ODDO BHFFNAC DARTY (ISIN FR0011476928) and Natixis ODDO BHF SCA signed  on March 22 2022 a second amendment to the liquidity contract signed on September 25th 2018. The first amendment was signed on March 22nd 2019  relating to ordinary shares admitted to trading on Euronext Paris  in accordance with AMF decision n ° 2021-01 of 22nd June 2021 establishing liquidity contracts on equity securities under accepted market practice.Within the limit of the AMF decision n ° 2021-01 of 22nd June 2021  Fnac Darty decides to increase the resources of the liquidity contract by:• €4 000 000.00 (four million euros) .The position after contribution of these new resources on March 22nd  2022 will be:- 80 348 shares- €6 414 743.63 (six million four hundred fourteen thousand seven hundred forty-three and sixty-three cents).CONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSStéphanie Laval stephanie.laval@fnacdarty.com+33 (0) 1 55 21 52 53 Marina Louvard marina.louvard@fnacdarty.com+33 (0)1 72 28 17 08Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.04,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Natixis ODDO BHF', 'Fnac Darty', 'liquidity contract', 'Increase', 'resources', 'Natixis ODDO BHF SCA', 'Stéphanie Laval stephanie', 'Marina Louvard marina', 'Fnac Darty', 'liquidity contract', 'second amendment', 'September 25th', 'first amendment', 'Euronext Paris', 'AMF decision', '22nd June', 'equity securities', 'market practice', 'sixty-three cents', 'March 22nd', 'ordinary shares', 'new resources', '80,348 shares', 'Increase', 'ISIN', 'accordance', 'limit', 'million', 'position', 'contribution', 'fourteen', 'forty', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'fnacdarty', 'Attachment', '1']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1234,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tetragon-financial-group-limited-u-170000753.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited U.S. Shareholders Tax Reporting Information,Tetragon will provide to self-identified U.S. shareholders of Tetragon for the 2021 calendar year  on a confidential basis only  information necessary for...,LONDON  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon will provide to self-identified U.S. shareholders of Tetragon for the 2021 calendar year  on a confidential basis only  information necessary for such a shareholder to satisfy its U.S. federal income tax filing obligations  including such information necessary to make qualified electing fund (QEF) elections under the U.S. tax rules for Passive Foreign Investment Companies (PFICs).Any such shareholders who wish to receive this confidential information should provide their contact details to Tetragon's Investor Relations department at the contact details below.Tetragon will use reasonable efforts to provide information with respect to underlying portfolio companies that it has reasonably determined to be PFICs. Although estimates of such underlying PFIC information may be provided earlier  Tetragon may not be able to provide actual underlying PFIC information in advance of the 15 April tax return deadline applicable to most individual U.S. taxpayers  and so such shareholders may wish to request an extension of their tax filing deadline. In addition  Tetragon will not accept any liability for the accuracy or completeness of any such provided information.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a closed-ended investment company that invests in a broad range of assets  including public and private equities and credit (including distressed securities and structured credit)  convertible bonds  real estate  venture capital  infrastructure  bank loans and TFG Asset Management  a diversified alternative asset management business. Where appropriate  through TFG Asset Management  Tetragon seeks to own all  or a portion  of asset management companies with which it invests in order to enhance the returns achieved on its capital. Tetragon's investment objective is to generate distributable income and capital appreciation. It aims to provide stable returns to investors across various credit  equity  interest rate  inflation and real estate cycles. The company's non-voting shares are traded on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and on the Specialist Fund Segment of the main market of the London Stock Exchange. For more information please visit the company's website at www.tetragoninv.com.Story continuesTetragon: Press Inquiries:Yuko Thomas Prosek PartnersInvestor Relations Pro-tetragon@prosek.comir@tetragoninv.comUnited StatesUnited KingdomRyan FitzGibbon Remy Marin Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell+1 646 818 9298 +1 646 818 9234 +44 7717 281 665 +44 7940 166 251This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-us-shareholders-tax-reporting-information-301508036.htmlSOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.21,0.29,0.5,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited U.S. Shareholders Tax Reporting Information', 'Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell', 'U.S. federal income tax filing obligations', 'most individual U.S. taxpayers', 'diversified alternative asset management business', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'U.S. tax rules', '15 April tax return deadline', 'self-identified U.S. shareholders', 'Passive Foreign Investment Companies', 'Yuko Thomas Prosek Partners', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'tax filing deadline', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'actual underlying PFIC information', 'U.S. persons', 'asset management companies', 'TFG Asset Management', 'underlying portfolio companies', 'collective investment scheme', 'qualified electing fund', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Investor Relations department', 'real estate cycles', 'London Stock Exchange', 'distributable income', 'investment objective', '2021 calendar year', 'confidential basis', 'QEF) elections', 'contact details', 'reasonable efforts', 'broad range', 'private equities', 'convertible bonds', 'bank loans', 'interest rate', 'voting shares', 'regulated market', 'main market', 'Press Inquiries', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'Netherlands Authority', 'original content', 'confidential information', 'distressed securities', 'venture capital', 'capital appreciation', 'public register', 'structured credit', 'stable returns', 'public offer', 'PRNewswire', 'PFICs', 'respect', 'estimates', 'advance', 'extension', 'addition', 'liability', 'accuracy', 'completeness', 'assets', 'infrastructure', 'portion', 'order', 'investors', 'equity', 'inflation', 'website', 'tetragoninv', 'Story', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country', 'Cision']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1235,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220322005723/en/Eutelsat-and-OneWeb-Sign-Global-Distribution-Partnership-to-Address-Key-Connectivity-Verticals,Eutelsat and OneWeb Sign Global Distribution Partnership to Address Key Connectivity Verticals,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) and OneWeb  the low Earth orbit (LEO) satellite communications company  today announced a global  multi-year Distribution Partnership Agreement (DPA) for OneWeb capacity. T…,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) and OneWeb  the low Earth orbit (LEO) satellite communications company  today announced a global  multi-year Distribution Partnership Agreement (DPA) for OneWeb capacity. The agreement paves the way for Eutelsat to commercialise OneWeb services across key verticals including Maritime  Aviation  Enterprise  Telcos and Government.The partnership reflects the deepening cooperation between the two companies after Eutelsat became OneWeb’s second-largest shareholder last December  and it showcases the synergies between them  delivering Eutelsat's extensive commercial reach to OneWeb while complementing Eutelsat's fleet of geostationary satellites with low Earth orbit assets. It paves the way for the companies to work together on developing combined GEO/LEO connectivity solutions.Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer Eva Berneke said: ""As a shareholder in OneWeb  we are excited to play a role in the success of this new constellation by incorporating OneWeb's connectivity services into our portfolio of solutions. This deal showcases the scope for synergies between our two companies and opens up the potential of low orbit to complement our geostationary assets in the fast-growing markets of aero and maritime mobility  fixed data and government services  building on the development of 5G and cloud technologies that will generate low latency requirements.”OneWeb Chief Executive Officer Neil Masterson said: ""This expanded partnership with Eutelsat offers us a significant opportunity to combine our GEO and LEO connectivity solutions  expanding our global capacity and further enhancing our commercial service. Drawing on Eutelsat’s decades of experience in serving the satellite industry  coupled with OneWeb’s substantial business momentum  the agreement demonstrates our collaborative approach to scaling up our LEO connectivity services. We are thrilled to see our services come together to expand connectivity solutions to communities.”About Eutelsat CommunicationsFounded in 1977  Eutelsat Communications is one of the world's leading satellite operators. With a global fleet of satellites and associated ground infrastructure  Eutelsat enables clients across Video  Data  Government  Fixed and Mobile Broadband markets to communicate effectively to their customers  irrespective of their location. Around 7 000 television channels operated by leading media groups are broadcast by Eutelsat to one billion viewers equipped for DTH reception or connected to terrestrial networks. Committed to promoting all facets of sustainable development across its business activities  Eutelsat leverages its in-orbit resources to help bridge the digital divide while maintaining a safe and uncluttered space environment. As an attractive and socially responsible employer  Eutelsat assembles 1 200 men and women from 50 countries who are dedicated to delivering the highest quality of service.For more about Eutelsat go to www.eutelsat.comAbout OneWebOneWeb is a global communications network powered from space  headquartered in London  enabling connectivity for governments  businesses  and communities. It is implementing a constellation of Low Earth Orbit satellites with a network of global gateway stations and a range of user terminals to provide an affordable  fast  high-bandwidth and low-latency communications service  connected to the IoT future and a pathway to 5G for everyone  everywhere. Find out more at www.oneweb.world",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['OneWeb Sign Global Distribution Partnership', 'Key Connectivity Verticals', 'Eutelsat', 'global, multi-year Distribution Partnership Agreement', 'OneWeb Chief Executive Officer', 'Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer', 'combined GEO/LEO connectivity solutions', 'low Earth orbit assets', 'Low Earth Orbit satellites', 'low latency requirements', 'leading media groups', 'one billion viewers', 'global gateway stations', 'extensive commercial reach', 'leading satellite operators', 'Mobile Broadband markets', 'substantial business momentum', 'uncluttered space environment', 'affordable, fast, high-bandwidth', 'LEO connectivity services', 'global communications network', 'low-latency communications service', 'low orbit', 'geostationary assets', 'global capacity', 'orbit resources', 'growing markets', 'commercial service', 'satellite industry', 'global fleet', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'geostationary satellites', 'business activities', 'Regulatory News', 'key verticals', 'deepening cooperation', 'Eva Berneke', 'cloud technologies', 'Neil Masterson', 'significant opportunity', 'collaborative approach', 'ground infrastructure', '7,000 television channels', 'DTH reception', 'terrestrial networks', 'digital divide', 'responsible employer', 'highest quality', 'user terminals', 'IoT future', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'two companies', 'Euronext Paris', 'largest shareholder', 'new constellation', 'maritime mobility', 'sustainable development', 'OneWeb capacity', 'OneWeb services', 'government services', 'fixed data', 'ETL', 'DPA', 'Aviation', 'Enterprise', 'Telcos', 'synergies', 'role', 'success', 'portfolio', 'deal', 'scope', 'potential', 'aero', '5G', 'expanded', 'decades', 'experience', 'communities', 'world', 'associated', 'clients', 'Video', 'customers', 'location', 'facets', 'safe', 'attractive', 'socially', '1,200 men', 'women', '50 countries', 'London', 'governments', 'businesses', 'range', 'pathway', 'everyone']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,businesswire.com
1236,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220322005980/en/Poxel-Reports-Financial-Results-for-Full-Year-2021-and-Provides-Corporate-Update,Poxel Reports Financial Results for Full Year 2021 and Provides Corporate Update,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--POXEL SA (Euronext: POXEL - FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for serious chronic diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) a…,"LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--POXEL SA (Euronext: POXEL - FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for serious chronic diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare metabolic disorders  today announced its results for the year ended December 31  2021 and provided a corporate update.“The year 2021 was a pivotal year in Poxel’s evolution  first noted by the marketing approval in June for Imeglimin in Japan  followed by commercialization since September under the name TWYMEEG®. This approval is strong validation of our R&D capabilities and the result of many years of effort by our team in close collaboration with our partner  Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma ” stated Thomas Kuhn  CEO of Poxel. “Secondly  Poxel initiated its strategic shift with a new emphasis on rare metabolic diseases  starting with ALD. We have made significant progress preparing for our Phase 2a Proof-of-Concept clinical studies for PXL065 and PXL770 in ALD. These studies  subject to additional funding  are planned to start in the middle of 2022  with results expected in early 2023. We are also extremely pleased that the FDA recently granted Fast Track status to PXL065 in ALD which confirms our strategic direction and has the potential to substantially accelerate the approval timeline for PXL065 in ALD.”“In 2022  we look forward to sharing topline results of DESTINY-1  our Phase 2 study in NASH for PXL065  expected in the third quarter. We are actively pursuing a number of funding initiatives in parallel to extend our cash runway  prioritizing non-dilutive options. We are in advanced discussions with several parties and are confident that we will close a transaction in a reasonable timeframe to execute our strategic plan with the goal of bringing innovative treatments to patients with chronic serious metabolic diseases ” continued Thomas Kuhn.Commercial UpdateTWYMEEG® (Imeglimin)As of December 31  2021  royalty revenue to Poxel based on TWYMEEG net sales in Japan under the Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma (“Sumitomo”) license agreement has been limited following TWYMEEG’s recent commercial launch on September 16  2021. TWYMEEG’s initial commercial uptake has been impacted by prescribing restrictions for new products during the first year of sales and COVID-19 conditions. This has also impacted the frequency of physician visits and limited the significant market education efforts required for an innovative new product with a new mechanism of action.Sumitomo has made significant progress establishing high awareness of TWYMEEG amongst prescribing physicians  thanks to its comprehensive launch activities and ongoing promotional efforts. TWYMEEG has the potential to be used both in combination with other treatments  such as DPP4i’s  which are the most prescribed treatments for Japanese Type-2-Diabetes patients  and as monotherapy.Moreover  based on the Phase 3 TIMES program having shown robust efficacy with a favorable safety and tolerability profile  TWYMEEG offers potential for populations with limited treatment options  including elderly and patients with renal impairment. Sumitomo recently initiated a Phase 4 study targeting Type-2-Diabetes patients with chronic kidney diseases (CKD) 3b/4 / 5.In accordance with the Sumitomo license agreement  Poxel is entitled to receive escalating royalties of 8 - 18% on net sales of TWYMEEG and sales-based payments of up to JPY 26.5 billion (approximately EUR 200 million) 1 . In parallel  as part of the Merck Serono licensing agreement 2   Poxel will pay Merck Serono a fixed 8% royalty based on the net sales of Imeglimin  independent of the level of sales. As a result  based on the current forecast  Poxel expects net royalties to be cash neutral through Sumitomo FY2022 (through March 2023). Once TWYMEEG achieves the next commercial threshold  the royalty rate will increase to double-digits and Poxel will retain all net royalties above 8%.. In parallel  as part of the Merck Serono licensing agreement   Poxel will pay Merck Serono a fixed 8% royalty based on the net sales of Imeglimin  independent of the level of sales. As a result  based on the current forecast  Poxel expects net royalties to be cash neutral through Sumitomo FY2022 (through March 2023). Once TWYMEEG achieves the next commercial threshold  the royalty rate will increase to double-digits and Poxel will retain all net royalties above 8%. Throughout 2021  Poxel and Sumitomo have continued to pursue strong patent protection for Imeglimin. The patent estate for TWYMEEG would extend to 2036 (including potential 5-year patent term extension)  with other patent applications ongoing.In 2021  the Company conducted and completed a comprehensive evaluation of partnering options for the U.S. and Europe and does not expect to enter into a broad strategic partnership for these geographies in the near term. The Company is now considering opportunities to leverage the Imeglimin data package in specific territories  including those resulting from inbound interest.Results from all three Phase 3 clinical trials of Imeglimin were published in the medical journals Diabetes Care and Diabetes Obesity and Metabolism : The TIMES 1 publication entitled: "" Efficacy and safety of Imeglimin monotherapy vs. placebo in Japanese patients with Type 2 diabetes (TIMES 1) : A Double-Blind  Randomized  Placebo-Controlled  Parallel-Group  Multicenter Phase 3 Trial ” was published in April 2021. The TIMES 2 publication entitled: “ Long-term safety and efficacy of Imeglimin as monotherapy or in combination with existing antidiabetic agents in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes (TIMES 2): A 52-week  open-label  multicentre phase 3 trial The TIMES 3 publication entitled: “ Efficacy and safety of Imeglimin add-on to insulin monotherapy in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes (TIMES 3): A randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled phase 3 trial with a 36-week open-label extension periodand :Clinical Development UpdatesNASH (PXL065 and PXL770)In September 2021  the PXL065 Phase 2 trial (DESTINY-1) in NASH completed enrollment with 123 noncirrhotic biopsy-proven NASH patients across multiple clinical sites in the US. Results from this 36-week  randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled  parallel group  dose-ranging study designed to assess efficacy and safety are anticipated in Q3 2022. The goal of DESTINY-1 is to identify the optimal dose or doses of PXL065 to advance into a Phase 3 registration trial for the treatment of noncirrhotic biopsy-proven NASH patients.In November 2021  Poxel presented new clinical analysis on PXL065 DESTINY-1 screening data at the AASLD The Liver Meeting ® 2021.2021. PXL770  a first-in-class  oral direct adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activator  has successfully completed a Phase 2a Proof-of-Concept trial for the treatment of NASH  which met its objectives. Future development of PXL770 in NASH will be assessed pending results from the PXL065 Phase 2 trial in NASH and the Phase 2a POC studies in ALD.Rare metabolic diseases (PXL065 and PXL770)The Phase 2a clinical Proof-of-Concept (POC) biomarker program in X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD)  subject to additional funding  is anticipated to begin midyear  followed by results in early 2023.In December 2021  Poxel announced the formation of its Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) for rare metabolic diseases as part of its strategy to increase its focus on rare diseases. The first meeting of this SAB included productive discussions that informed the design of the upcoming ALD POC Phase 2a studies and provided insights into pivotal trial concepts.Poxel participated in several scientific and patient advocacy conferences related to ALD and presented its programs  including the comprehensive preclinical pharmacological package  targeting this severe orphan neurometabolic disease with no approved therapies. This included presentations at three major advocacy organizations  Alex The Leukodystrophy Charity in the United Kingdom  United Leukodystrophy Foundation and ALD Connect in the U.S.Early Stage DevelopmentDuring the year  Poxel pursued its evaluation of internal opportunities from its adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activator platform and deuterated TZD platform and completed a series of studies  including a preclinical assessment of PXL770 and AMPK activation for an orphan kidney disease  autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD)  which demonstrated a robust effect to attenuate disease in established model systems. Additionally  the Company is conducting studies in other rare diseases including mitochondrial disorders.Corporate UpdateIn July 2021  Poxel announced a new strategic direction to focus its pipeline on high value  rare metabolic indications and NASH  with the goal of creating pipeline synergies  maximizing resources  and driving shareholder value. Rare metabolic indications represent the intersection of high unmet medical need  promising pre-clinical and clinical data  opinion leader enthusiasm  significant commercial opportunity  and attractive time horizons.In 2021  Poxel finalized a one year review and comprehensive evaluation of its existing Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) actions. As a result  the Company has defined a solid CSR strategy supported by three pillars (social  governance and environmental) and will commit to measure  assess and communicate its progress over time  starting with the publication of its new CSR report which will be included in the 2021 Universal Registration Document. In order to enhance CSR as a corporate priority  Quentin Durand  Executive Vice President  Chief Legal Officer  has been appointed Head of CSR.Significant Events after the PeriodIn February 2022  the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted Fast Track status to PXL065 for ALD in patients with adrenomyeloneuropathy (AMN). Fast Track Designation (FTD) is awarded by FDA to investigational drugs which treat a serious or life-threatening condition  and which fill an unmet medical need. FDA notes that 'the purpose [of the Fast Track program] is to get important new drugs to the patient earlier’3.Financial Statements for Full Year 2021 (IFRS Standards)Income statementEUR (in thousands) FY FY 2021 12 months 2020 12 months adjusted** Revenue 13 397 6 806 Cost of sales (59) Gross margin 13 339 6 806 Net research and development expenses* (25 174) (26 702) General and administrative expenses (10 627) (9 923) Operating income (loss) (22 463) (29 819) Financial income (expenses) (1 297) (1 975) Income tax (2) (36) Net income (loss) (23 763) (31 831)*Net of R&D tax credit and other subsidies.**Change in accounting policies related to the application of IAS19.The audit procedures are ongoing.Poxel reported revenues of EUR 13.4 million for the year ended December 31  2021  as compared to EUR 6.8 million during the corresponding period in 2020.The revenues for 2021 include the following payments from Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma (“Sumitomo”) under the Sumitomo license agreement:JPY 1.75 billion (EUR 13.2 million) milestone payment for the approval of TWYMEEG in Japan on June 23  2021  andJPY 7.5 million (EUR 58 thousand) of royalty revenue which represents 8% of TWYMEEG net sales in Japan.Cost of sales amounted to EUR 58 thousand  corresponding to the 8% royalties on net sales of Imeglimin in Japan due to Merck Serono  as part of the Merck Serono license agreement.R&D expenses totaled EUR 25.2 million in 2021  as compared to EUR 26.7 million in 2020. R&D expenses in 2021 primarily reflected the clinical costs incurred for the ongoing PXL065 Phase 2 DESTINY-1 trial.R&D costs are net of the R&D Tax Credit (CIR) and other subsidies that resulted in income of EUR 2.3 million in 2021  as compared to EUR 2.5 million in 2020.General and administrative expenses totaled EUR 10.6 million in 2021  as compared to EUR 9.9 million in 2020.The financial loss amounted to EUR 1.3 million in 2021  as compared to a loss of EUR 2.0 million in 2020.The net result for the financial period ending December 31  2021 was a net loss of EUR 23.8 million  as compared to a net loss of EUR 31.8 million in 2020.CashAs of December 31  2021  total cash and cash equivalents amounted to EUR 32.3 million (USD 36.6 million)  as compared to EUR 40.2 million (USD 49.4 million) as of December 31  2020. Net financial debt (excluding IFRS16 impacts and derivative instruments) amounted to EUR 2.6 million at December 31  2021  compared to EUR (17.2) million at December 31  2020.Based on:the cash position at December 31  2021  the current development plan of the Company including 1) the completion of its ongoing Phase 2 NASH trial for PXL065 (DESTINY-1) ) but 2) excluding the two identical Phase 2a clinical proof-of-concept (POC) biomarker studies for PXL065 and PXL770 in adrenomyeloneuropathy (AMN)  the cash forecast for the year 2022 approved by the Board of Directors of the Company  that 1) does not include  as a conservative approach  any net sales from Imeglimin in Japan and 2) includes an amount of EUR 4 813 thousands for the repayments of the loan with IPF partners until December 2022  and a strict control of its operating expenses the Company expects that its resources will be sufficient to fund its operations and capital expenditure requirements through at least December 31  2022  representing 12 months from the reporting date. However  the Company is subject to certain financial covenants4 related to its debt with IPF Partners which could be potentially breached in Q3 2022. This situation could lead the Company’s auditors to issue an audit opinion which would include a paragraph related to the going concern.The Company is actively pursuing various financing options which would extend its cash runway and avoid any breach of financial covenants through at least 12 months from the reporting date. These financing options include dilutive and non-dilutive sources  as well as discussions with IPF partners  and the Company reasonably expects that at least one of the pursued options would be completed before Q3 2022. As a consequence  the Company’s 2021 financials are presented on a going concern basis.Planned Presentations and Participation at the Following Upcoming EventsAnnual Meeting of the Japanese Diabetes Society  Kobe  Japan  May 12-14European Renal Association Congress  Paris  France  May 19-22Global NASH Congress  London  UK  May 26-27Jefferies Global Healthcare Conference  New York  NY  June 8-10JMP Securities 2022 Life Sciences Conference  New York  NY  June 15-16Next Financial Press Release: First Quarter 2022 Financial Update  May 17  2022About Poxel SAPoxel is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare disorders. Poxel has clinical and earlier-stage programs from its adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activator and deuterated TZD platforms targeting chronic and rare metabolic diseases. For the treatment of NASH  PXL065 (deuterium-stabilized R-pioglitazone) is in a streamlined Phase 2 trial (DESTINY-1). PXL770  a first-in-class direct AMPK activator  has successfully completed a Phase 2a proof-of-concept trial for the treatment of NASH  which met its objectives. For the rare inherited metabolic disorder  adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD)  the company intends to initiate Phase 2a proof of concept studies with PXL065 and PXL770 in patients with adrenomyeloneuropathy (AMN). TWYMEEG® (Imeglimin)  Poxel’s first-in-class lead product that targets mitochondrial dysfunction  has been approved and launched for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in Japan. Poxel expects to receive royalties and sales-based payments from Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma. Poxel has a strategic partnership with Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma for Imeglimin in Japan  China  South Korea  Taiwan and nine other Southeast Asian countries. The Company intends to generate further growth through strategic partnerships and pipeline development. Listed on Euronext Paris  Poxel is headquartered in Lyon  France  and has subsidiaries in Boston  MA  and Tokyo  Japan.For more information  please visit: www.poxelpharma.comAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company does not endorse or is not otherwise responsible for the content of external hyperlinks referred to in this press release.1 Converted at the exchange rate at the date of the agreement (30 Oct 2017).2 As described in the “2.3.1. Merck Serono Agreement” section of the Poxel 2020 Document d’Enregistrement Universel.3 https://www.fda.gov/patients/fast-track-breakthrough-therapy-accelerated-approval-priority-reviewithfast-track.4 Under these financial covenants the Company should maintain minimum cash position of the higher of i) ten million euros and ii) the sum of the consolidated debt service of the Company plus the amount of cash required to be spent by the Company as part of its operations  in each case for the following 6-month period.",neutral,0.06,0.91,0.03,mixed,0.35,0.25,0.4,True,English,"['Poxel Reports', 'Financial Results', 'Full Year', 'Corporate Update', 'potential 5-year patent term extension', 'significant market education efforts', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Merck Serono licensing agreement', 'chronic serious metabolic diseases', 'serious chronic diseases', 'chronic kidney diseases', 'ongoing promotional efforts', 'rare metabolic diseases', 'rare metabolic disorders', 'R&D capabilities', 'Fast Track status', 'recent commercial launch', 'initial commercial uptake', 'next commercial threshold', 'strong patent protection', 'other patent applications', 'Phase 2a Proof', 'Concept clinical studies', 'comprehensive launch activities', 'Phase 3 TIMES program', 'limited treatment options', 'broad strategic partnership', 'Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma', 'Sumitomo license agreement', 'innovative new product', 'Imeglimin data package', 'Japanese Type-2-Diabetes patients', 'near term', 'patent estate', 'TWYMEEG net sales', 'metabolic pathophysiology', 'Commercial Update', 'significant progress', 'strong validation', 'Phase 2 study', 'Phase 4 study', 'comprehensive evaluation', 'non-dilutive options', 'partnering options', 'The Company', 'strategic shift', 'new emphasis', 'strategic direction', 'strategic plan', 'new products', 'new mechanism', 'other treatments', 'net royalties', 'innovative treatments', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'corporate update', 'many years', 'close collaboration', 'Thomas Kuhn', 'additional funding', 'third quarter', 'funding initiatives', 'cash runway', 'advanced discussions', 'several parties', 'reasonable timeframe', 'COVID-19 conditions', 'physician visits', 'high awareness', 'robust efficacy', 'favorable safety', 'tolerability profile', 'renal impairment', 'escalating royalties', 'sales-based payments', 'current forecast', 'Sumitomo FY2022', 'U.S.', 'specific territories', 'inbound interest', 'marketing approval', 'approval timeline', 'royalty revenue', 'royalty rate', 'pivotal year', 'first year', 'topline results', 'POXEL SA', '8% royalty', 'TWYMEEG®', 'LYON', 'France', 'Euronext', 'NASH', 'evolution', 'June', 'commercialization', 'September', 'name', 'team', 'CEO', 'ALD.', 'PXL065', 'PXL770', 'middle', 'early', 'FDA', 'DESTINY-1', 'number', 'parallel', 'transaction', 'goal', 'December', 'restrictions', 'frequency', 'prescribing', 'physicians', 'combination', 'DPP4i', 'monotherapy', 'populations', 'elderly', 'CKD', 'accordance', 'JPY', 'level', 'March', 'double-digits', 'Europe', 'geographies', 'opportunities', '2021']",2021-03-22,2022-03-22,businesswire.com
1237,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-repurchase-shares-14-18-070000862.html,DSM - repurchase of shares (14-18 March 2022),Royal DSM  a global purpose-led science-based company  has repurchased 161 970 of its own shares in the period from 14 March 2022 up to and including 18...,HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal DSM  a global purpose-led science-based company  has repurchased 161 970 of its own shares in the period from 14 March 2022 up to and including 18 March 2022 at an average price of €157.55. This is in accordance with the repurchase program announced on 10 March 2022  covering the commitments for the final stock dividend 2021 and share based compensation plans. The consideration of this repurchase was €25.5 million.DSM Logo.The total number of shares repurchased under this program since 10 March 2022 to date is 338 053 shares for a total consideration of €52 million.For more detailed information see 'Daily transaction details Share Repurchase Program announced 10 March 2022'.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyTwitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMLinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpg,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,negative,0.03,0.25,0.72,True,English,"['DSM', 'repurchase', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'share based compensation plans', 'global purpose-led science-based company', 'global, purpose-led company', 'final stock dividend', 'Daily transaction details', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'Share Repurchase Program', 'actual performance', 'average price', 'total number', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'Royal DSM', 'total consideration', 'detailed information', 'More information', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'DSM Logo', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', 'shares', 'period', '14 March', '18 March', 'accordance', '10 March', 'commitments', 'date', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'society', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'respect', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'law']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1238,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/van-lanschot-kempen-share-buy-073000720.html,Van Lanschot Kempen: update on share buy-back programme 15 March 2022 – 21 March 2022,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  22 March 2022 In the period from 15 March 2022 until 21 March 2022 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 30 259 of...,Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  22 March 2022In the period from 15 March 2022 until 21 March 2022 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 30 259 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). The shares were repurchased at an average price of €23.03 per share for a total amount of €697 013.These repurchases are part of the share buy-back programme for at most 600 000 of own shares  which was announced on 24 February 2022. The total number of shares repurchased to date is 115 777.More information  including a detailed overview of the repurchase transactions under this programme  is available on www.vanlanschotkempen.com/sharebuyback.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.Story continuesThis press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.3,0.36,0.34,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'update', 'March', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'positive long-term financial', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'share buy-back programme', 'Investment Management', 'financial instrument', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'depositary receipts', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'detailed overview', 'repurchase transactions', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'More information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', '22 March', 'period', '15 March', '21 March', 'repurchases', 'part', '24 February', 'date', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'sharebuyback', 'mediarelations', 'investorrelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1239,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220322005799/en/Median-Technologies-Announces-Design-Completion-of-its-iBiopsy%C2%AE-Lung-Cancer-Screening-End-to-end-CADeCADx-Software-as-Medical-Device-SaMD-with-Outstanding-Sensitivity-Specificity-Performance,Median Technologies Announces Design Completion of its iBiopsy® Lung Cancer Screening End-to-end CADe/CADx Software as Medical Device (SaMD) with Outstanding Sensitivity & Specificity Performance,SOPHIA ANTIPOLIS  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Median Technologies (ALMDT:PA) announces outstanding performance of its iBiopsy LCS AI/ML tech-based end-to-end CADe/CADx Software as Medical Device  intended to enable early detection and characteri…,SOPHIA ANTIPOLIS  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Median Technologies (ALMDT:PA) announces outstanding performance of its iBiopsy LCS AI/ML tech-based end-to-end CADe/CADx Software as Medical Device  intended to enable early detection and characterization of lung cancer nodules and improve clinical management of patients.Median’s iBiopsy® LCS SaMD offers a unique end-to-end detection/diagnosis approach (CADe/CADx) based on AI/ML technologies. Median aims at drastically improving the ability to detect and characterize lung cancers at their earliest stages  enabling a better patient care while avoiding unnecessary medical tests and procedures  and reducing healthcare costs. No product is currently approved for both lung cancer detection and diagnosis in the US or Europe. With this breakthrough innovation  Median’s iBiopsy® LCS SaMD brings a unique AI-powered solution for clinicians to fight lung cancer  the deadliest cancer worldwide.Results released today show unrivalled performance for Median’s end-to-end detection/diagnosis approach for lung cancer screening.The study was based on a cohort of 1 760 patients from the National Lung Screening Trial (NLST) consisting of a total of 16 789 lung nodules. The training set was composed of a subset of 1 289 patients with 12 108 nodules and the test set represented 471 patients with a total of 4 681 nodules.The performance of iBiopsy® LCS CADe/CADx SaMD to detect and characterize lung cancer nodules achieves an AUC of 0.976 and an outstanding sensitivity of 94.7% for a specificity of 93.3%.“We are thrilled to announce our performance. These results pave the way for a disruptive approach in lung cancer screening management”  Fredrik Brag  CEO and founder of Median Technologies said. “We have already initiated our interactions with the FDA with the recent 513(g) submission  which will allow us to determine the best FDA regulatory pathway for our iBiopsy® LCS SaMD. Our next step will be to integrate the FDA’s comments in the protocols of the pivotal clinical studies that we will launch in the second half of 2022. In parallel  we are reviewing our regulatory pathway to the CE-Mark in Europe”  Brag added.Median Technologies aims to obtain a device approval and market authorization by the end of 2023.About iBiopsy®: iBiopsy® is based on the most advanced technologies in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Data Science (DS)  benefiting from Median’s expertise in medical image processing. iBiopsy® targets the development of innovative AI/ML-based Software as Medical Device  to be used in several indications for which there are unmet needs regarding early diagnosis  prognosis and treatment selection in the context of precision medicine. iBiopsy® currently focuses on lung cancer  liver cancer (HCC) and liver fibrosis (NASH).About Median Technologies: Median Technologies provides innovative imaging solutions and services to advance healthcare for everyone. We harness the power of medical images by using the most advanced Artificial Intelligence technologies  to increase the accuracy of diagnosis and treatment of many cancers and other metabolic diseases at their earliest stages and provide insights into novel therapies for patients. Our iCRO solutions for medical image analysis and management in oncology trials and iBiopsy®  our AI-powered software as medical device help biopharmaceutical companies and clinicians to bring new treatments and diagnose patients earlier and more accurately. This is how we are helping to create a healthier world.Founded in 2002  based in Sophia-Antipolis  France  with a subsidiary in the US and another one in Shanghai  Median has received the label “Innovative company” by the BPI France and is listed on Euronext Growth market (ISIN: FR0011049824  ticker: ALMDT). Median is eligible for the French SME equity savings plan scheme (PEA-PME)  is listed on the Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index and has been awarded the Euronext European Rising Tech label. For more information: www.mediantechnologies.com1 A radiological CADe device is “intended to identify  mark  highlight or otherwise direct attention to portions of an image that may reveal abnormalities during interpretation of images by the clinician.” A CADx device is “intended to provide information beyond identifying abnormalities  such as an assessment of disease.” Source: FDA2 Sensitivity is the ability to correctly generate positive results for cancer patients.3 Specificity is the ability to correctly generate negative results for non-cancer patients,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.24,0.4,True,English,"['iBiopsy® Lung Cancer Screening', 'Median Technologies', 'Design Completion', 'CADe/CADx Software', 'Medical Device', 'Outstanding Sensitivity', 'Specificity Performance', 'end', 'SaMD', 'French SME equity savings plan scheme', 'Euronext European Rising Tech label', 'National Lung Screening Trial', 'iBiopsy LCS AI/ML tech-based', 'iBiopsy® LCS CADe/CADx SaMD', 'best FDA regulatory pathway', 'lung cancer screening management', 'advanced Artificial Intelligence technologies', 'Euronext Growth market', 'recent 513(g) submission', 'other metabolic diseases', 'iBiopsy® LCS SaMD', 'pivotal clinical studies', 'unnecessary medical tests', 'innovative imaging solutions', 'unique AI-powered solution', 'innovative AI/ML-based Software', 'Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index', 'lung cancer detection', 'medical image processing', 'medical image analysis', 'end detection/diagnosis approach', 'lung cancer nodules', 'radiological CADe device', 'A CADx device', 'CADe/CADx Software', 'AI/ML technologies', 'advanced technologies', 'clinical management', 'AI-powered software', 'lung cancers', '16,789 lung nodules', 'Medical Device', 'Regulatory News', 'disruptive approach', 'Innovative company', 'deadliest cancer', 'liver cancer', 'early detection', 'unique end', 'market authorization', 'iCRO solutions', 'device approval', 'SOPHIA ANTIPOLIS', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'earliest stages', 'patient care', 'breakthrough innovation', 'training set', 'test set', 'next step', 'second half', 'Data Science', 'several indications', 'unmet needs', 'precision medicine', 'liver fibrosis', 'many cancers', 'novel therapies', 'oncology trials', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'new treatments', 'healthier world', 'direct attention', 'medical images', 'cancer patients', 'Median Technologies', 'outstanding performance', 'healthcare costs', 'unrivalled performance', 'outstanding sensitivity', 'Fredrik Brag', 'treatment selection', 'positive results', 'negative results', 'early diagnosis', 'BPI France', '12,108 nodules', '4,681 nodules', '2 Sensitivity', '1,760 patients', '1,289 patients', '471 patients', 'ALMDT', 'characterization', 'ability', 'procedures', 'product', 'clinicians', 'study', 'cohort', 'NLST', 'total', 'subset', 'AUC', 'specificity', 'CEO', 'founder', 'interactions', 'comments', 'protocols', 'parallel', 'CE-Mark', 'expertise', 'development', 'prognosis', 'context', 'HCC', 'NASH', 'services', 'everyone', 'accuracy', 'insights', 'Sophia-Antipolis', 'subsidiary', 'Shanghai', 'ticker', 'information', 'mediantechnologies', 'portions', 'abnormalities', 'interpretation', 'assessment', 'Source', '2022']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,businesswire.com
1240,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000299.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Mar 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.4596 £ 24.6883 Estimated MTD return 0.04 % -0.01 % Estimated YTD return -2.54 % -2.44 % Estimated ITD return 184.60 % 146.88 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.50 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.43 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.99 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury 64 833 N/A Shares Issued 12 381 421 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.8041 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.4504The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1241,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/abc-arbitrage-results-2021-28-060000536.html,ABC arbitrage: Results 2021: €28 M€,Press release - Paris  March 22  20221 - 07h00 ABC arbitrage2021 Results: €28 M€2021 ROE: 17.5% - 2021 Distributions: €0.40 The Board of Directors of ABC...,ABC arbitragePress release - Paris  March 22  20221 - 07h00ABC arbitrage2021 Results: €28 M€2021 ROE: 17.5% - 2021 Distributions: €0.40The Board of Directors of ABC arbitrage  presided by the Chairman Dominique Ceolin  met on March 17  2022 to approve the consolidated financial statements for fiscal year 2021.The financial data are as follows:Dec. 31  2021 IFRS Dec. 31  2020 IFRS Dec. 31  2019 IFRS Net revenues €64.1m €68.8m €37.2m Net income €28.0m €35.1m €18.3m Earnings per share (EPS) €0.48 €0.60 €0.31 Return On Equity (ROE) 17.5% 23.9% 12.8%Business Performance - After an atypical year in 2020 from a health and economic point of view  the year 2021 is characterized by a return to a certain normality of the financial market parameters.Volatility in 2021 is back to its historical average of 20% compared to 29% in 2020.The M&A market showed a strong dynamic  notably exceeding in the first half 2021 its highest levels of 2016.The successive waves of COVID  unevenly spread over the various geographical areas  have generated statistically rare situations with unfavorable decorrelation for some of the group's activities.The group increased its client assets by €144 million (+39%) to reach €512 million at 31/12/2021.The group has once again demonstrated its know-how by outperforming this market context. ABC arbitrage thus achieved one of its best results ever with a ROE of nearly 18%.Dividend Policy - A quarterly distribution policy has been in place for over two years.Distribution of €0.10 per share in October 2021;Distribution of €0.10 per share in December 2021;Interim dividend of €0.10 per share on April 20  2022 for payment on April 22;Proposition at the General Meeting of June 10  2022 of a final dividend of €0.10 per share;If the meeting votes in favor of this final dividend  the total distribution for fiscal year 2021 will be €0.40 per share  i.e. a distribution rate of more than 80%.Retained earnings will be invested in the development of new products with significant profitability prospects. The terms and timetable of this final dividend will be presented at a later date.Story continuesOutlook - It is important to contextualize this outlook with respect to events in Ukraine.After a 10 year record of almost uninterrupted increase in equity indices  this war could prevent a return to normalized financial markets. Faced with the potential impacts of this war and despite the fact that inflation is off the charts  central banks could delay their exit from support programs. The major difference with 2020 is  for the time being  the strong decorrelation of markets between geographical areas  with the US economy seemingly less affected than Europe.The start of capital flight from Europe to seemingly safer areas may make it more difficult to achieve the group's objectives for the development of its assets under management in 2022.This situation also means a return to a period of sustained volatility despite the presence of accommodative monetary policies  and probably for several months. This should benefit a large part of the group's activities.After a quiet month of January  the average pace of activity in the first quarter is close to 80% of the average pace for the 2021 financial year on a rising trend that should continue with the recent increase in volatility.In a year 2022 that promises to be complex from a geopolitical point of view  ABC arbitrage  by recording its 27th positive fiscal year  confirms that it has all the assets to produce performance consistent with current volatility and is therefore pursuing its recruitment and investment objectives to achieve the ambitions of its ABC 2022 strategic plan.1 At this date  the audit procedures carried out by the statutory auditors are still in progress.Contacts: abc-arbitrage.comRelations actionnaires: actionnaires@abc-arbitrage.comRelations presse: VERBATEE / v.sabineu@verbatee.com EURONEXT Paris - Compartiment BISIN: FR0004040608Reuters BITI.PA / Bloomberg ABCA FPISIN : FR0004040608Reuters BITI.PA / Bloomberg ABCA FPAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.25,0.14,0.61,True,English,"['ABC arbitrage', 'Results', 'The M&A market', 'Bloomberg ABCA FP Attachment', '27th positive fiscal year', 'Chairman Dominique Ceolin', 'significant profitability prospects', 'accommodative monetary policies', 'consolidated financial statements', 'financial market parameters', 'Compartiment B ISIN', 'various geographical areas', 'ABC 2022 strategic plan', 'normalized financial markets', 'quarterly distribution policy', 'market context', 'financial data', '2021 financial year', 'Dividend Policy', 'safer areas', 'Press release', 'Net revenues', 'Net income', 'atypical year', 'economic point', 'historical average', 'strong dynamic', 'first half', 'highest levels', 'successive waves', 'unfavorable decorrelation', 'two years', 'Interim dividend', 'final dividend', 'new products', '10 year record', 'uninterrupted increase', 'potential impacts', 'central banks', 'support programs', 'major difference', 'strong decorrelation', 'US economy', 'capital flight', 'several months', 'large part', 'quiet month', 'average pace', 'first quarter', 'rising trend', 'recent increase', 'geopolitical point', 'audit procedures', 'statutory auditors', 'Relations presse', 'Reuters BITI', 'total distribution', 'distribution rate', 'Business Performance', 'best results', 'General Meeting', 'Retained earnings', 'later date', 'equity indices', 'sustained volatility', 'current volatility', 'investment objectives', 'Relations actionnaires', 'EURONEXT Paris', 'client assets', 'ABC arbitrage', 'IFRS Dec.', '2021 Results', 'March', '07h00', 'ROE', '2021 Distributions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'share', 'EPS', 'Return', 'health', 'view', 'normality', 'COVID', 'situations', 'group', 'activities', 'know-how', 'place', 'October', 'December', 'April', 'payment', 'Proposition', 'June', 'development', 'terms', 'timetable', 'Story', 'Outlook', 'respect', 'events', 'Ukraine', 'war', 'fact', 'inflation', 'charts', 'exit', 'Europe', 'start', 'management', 'period', 'presence', 'January', 'activity', 'recruitment', 'ambitions', 'progress', 'Contacts', 'VERBATEE', 'sabineu', 'FR0004040608', '29']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1242,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000834.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Mar 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.4596 £ 24.6883 Estimated MTD return 0.04 % -0.01 % Estimated YTD return -2.54 % -2.44 % Estimated ITD return 184.60 % 146.88 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.50 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.43 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.99 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury 64 833 N/A Shares Issued 12 381 421 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.8041 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.4504The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1243,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,http://spaceref.com/news/viewpr.html?pid=59684,Eutelsat and OneWeb sign global distribution partnership to address key connectivity verticals,Eutelsat and OneWeb sign global distribution partnership to address key connectivity verticals - SpaceRef,"Eutelsat and OneWeb sign global distribution partnership to address key connectivity verticalsPress Release From: EUTELSATPosted: Tuesday  March 22  2022Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) and OneWeb  the low Earth orbit (LEO) satellite communications company  today announced a global  multi-year Distribution Partnership Agreement (DPA) for OneWeb capacity. The agreement paves the way for Eutelsat to commercialise OneWeb services across key verticals including Maritime  Aviation  Enterprise  Telcos and Government.The partnership reflects the deepening cooperation between the two companies after Eutelsat became OneWeb’s second-largest shareholder last December  and it showcases the synergies between them  delivering Eutelsat's extensive commercial reach to OneWeb while complementing Eutelsat's fleet of geostationary satellites with low Earth orbit assets. It paves the way for the companies to work together on developing combined GEO/LEO connectivity solutions.Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer Eva Bernekesaid: ""As a shareholder in OneWeb  we are excited to play a role in the success of this new constellation by incorporating OneWeb's connectivity services into our portfolio of solutions. This deal showcases the scope for synergies between our two companies and opens up the potential of low orbit to complement our geostationary assets in the fast-growing markets of aero and maritime mobility  fixed data and government services  building on the development of 5G and cloud technologies that will generate low latency requirements.”OneWeb Chief Executive Officer Neil Masterson said: ""This expanded partnership with Eutelsat offers us a significant opportunity to combine our GEO and LEO connectivity solutions  expanding our global capacity and further enhancing our commercial service. Drawing on Eutelsat’s decades of experience in serving the satellite industry  coupled with OneWeb’s substantial business momentum  the agreement demonstrates our collaborative approach to scaling up our LEO connectivity services. We are thrilled to see our services come together to expand connectivity solutions to communities.”// end //More news releases and status reports or top stories.Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook.Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['global distribution partnership', 'key connectivity verticals', 'Eutelsat', 'OneWeb', 'global, multi-year Distribution Partnership Agreement', 'OneWeb Chief Executive Officer', 'Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer', 'combined GEO/LEO connectivity solutions', 'low Earth orbit assets', 'global distribution partnership', 'low latency requirements', 'substantial business momentum', 'More news releases', 'extensive commercial reach', 'key connectivity verticals', 'LEO connectivity services', 'low orbit', 'global capacity', 'key verticals', 'geostationary assets', 'commercial service', 'Press Release', 'Euronext Paris', 'deepening cooperation', 'geostationary satellites', 'Eva Bernekesaid', 'new constellation', 'growing markets', 'fixed data', 'cloud technologies', 'Neil Masterson', 'significant opportunity', 'satellite industry', 'collaborative approach', 'status reports', 'top stories', 'two companies', 'OneWeb capacity', 'OneWeb services', 'largest shareholder', 'maritime mobility', 'government services', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'ETL', 'DPA', 'way', 'Aviation', 'Enterprise', 'Telcos', 'synergies', 'fleet', 'role', 'success', 'portfolio', 'deal', 'scope', 'potential', 'fast', 'aero', 'development', '5G', 'expanded', 'decades', 'experience', 'communities', 'end', 'SpaceRef', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'JavaScript', 'comments', 'Disqus']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,spaceref.com
1244,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/invibes-advertising-2021-annual-results-164500929.html,Invibes Advertising : 2021 annual results: strong growth in profitability as business doubles.,Press release 2021 annual results: strong growth in profitability as business doubles London  March 22  2022 – Invibes Advertising  an advanced technology...,Press release2021 annual results: strong growth in profitability as business doublesLondon  March 22  2022 – Invibes Advertising  an advanced technology company specialising in digital advertising    is reporting strong growth in its annual results for 2021 in a context of a doubling of activity.The annual financial report is available on the Company's website: https://www.invibes.com/uk/en/investors.htmlConsolidated dataAudited  in K€. 2021 2020 * Δ Revenues 23 201 11 530 +101% Purchases and external charges (13 595) (6 781) +100% Staff costs (8 159) (4 513) +81% EBITDA 1 1 422 236 +1 186K€ Depreciation and provisions (958) (814) +18 % Operating profit 464 (578) +1 042 K€ Financial result (353) (263) +34% Extraordinary result - - - Tax 259 (35) - Net result 369 (876) +1 245 K€* 2020 data presented according to the new valuation method under IFRSOrganic revenues double to €23.2mOn 17 January  Invibes Advertising announced a doubling of its revenues  based entirely on an organic growth  compared to 2020. Generating €23.2m  exceeding the target of €22m that it had set for the financial year.Over the period  the Group benefited from the sustained increase (+69%) of the existing countries (France  Spain  Switzerland and ML2Grow) demonstrating that  although in an advanced stage  these countries still had strong development potential.The countries in the scale-up phase (Germany  United Kingdom  Italy  Belgium) also posted very strong growth in 2021 (x 5.2)  just one year after their launch  again illustrating the strength of Invibes Advertising's international development model. This is based on its proven ability to roll out its activity rapidly and successfully in a new country so that it becomes a contributor to the business.In this respect  the new countries recently opened (Netherlands  Nordic countries  South Africa and UAE)  which are currently in the start-up phase  should in turn rapidly gain momentum to contribute to the Group's growth from 2022.Story continuesSustained EBITDA growth in 2021The strong international expansion recorded by the Group in 2021 was characterised by the continued structuring of teams to support this growth. In total  new recruitments in 2021 brought the total workforce  in full-time equivalence  to 124 in 2021 compared with 84 in 2020.The Group's experience in successfully launching its business in more than 10 countries worldwide has resulted in a controlled and rigorous management of its cost structure over the period  enabling it to post a sustained increase in EBITDA to €1 422k in 2021 from €236k in 2020.The breakdown of EBITDA by country maturity is as follows:Consolidated data Audited  in K€. 2021 2020 Existing countries (1) Turnover 17 802 10 504 EBITDA 5 080 2 969 EBITDA margin 29 % 28 % Scale-up (2) Turnover 5 379 1 026 EBITDA 579 (685) EBITDA margin 11% na New countries (start-ups) (3) Turnover 19 - EBITDA (479) - EBITDA margin na - Group overheads (4) (3 758) (2 048) Consolidated EBITDA 1 422 236(1) France  Spain  Switzerland and ML2GROW(2) Germany  UK  Italy  Belgium  and Invibes International(3) Sweden  Norway  Denmark  South Africa  Netherlands  Dubai(4) General expenses excluding CAPEXAfter accounting for depreciation of €958k  Invibes Advertising posted an operating profit of €464k  compared with an operating loss of -€578k in 2020.Including in 2021 a financial charge of -€354k  and a tax credit of €259k linked to the activation of deferred taxes  the net result is positive at €369k against a net loss of -€876k in 2020.Ambition: to reach a turnover of €100 million by 2024To continue its development  the Group can rely on a financial structure that includes a net cash position2 which has more than doubled over the period and amounts to €8.4m at the end of December 2021  compared to €3.9m at the end of 2020. This amount does not include the capital increase of €17m which was successfully completed by private placement last January.With these strengthened financial resources  the Group has the means to pursue its ambitious roadmap  which is based on six strategic levers:Acceleration of existing countries.Expanding to new countries.Strengthening its technology platform.Deployment of technology services for its strategic clients.The launch of a 100% self-service platform dedicated to SMEs.The development of its subsidiary ML2Grow  which specialises in services to companies for Big Data and artificial intelligence projects.This offensive strategy should enable Invibes Advertising to reach a turnover of €100m by 2024  representing a weighted average annual growth rate (CAGR) between 2020 and 2024 of around +72%. While a significant proportion of this growth will be achieved through organic growth  it could also include a proportion through external growth.Next publication: Q1 2022 turnover  on 20 April 2022  after the close of tradingAbout Invibes AdvertisingInvibes Advertising is an advanced technology company specialising in digital advertising. Its innovative solutions are based on an in-feed format  integrated into media content.Invibes is inspired by social media advertising and develops its own technology to help brands better communicate with consumers. Its technology is optimised for delivery on a closed network of media groups  including Bertelsmann  Hearst  Unify  Groupe Marie Claire  Axel Springer  and many others. Clients include major brands such as Mercedes  Samsung  Levi’s  and IBM.Founded in 2011  Invibes Advertising is a listed company on Euronext Growth Paris (Ticker: ALINV - ISIN: BE0974299316). Visit www.invibes.com for more information.Find our latest press releases on:https://www.invibes.com/uk/en/investors.htmlFollow live the latest news from Invibes Advertising:LinkedIn @Invibes Advertising Twitter @Invibes_advFinancial & Corporate Contacts:Audry Mela  VP Investor Relationsaudry.mela@invibes.comNicolas Pollet  co-CEOnicolas.pollet@invibes.comKris Vlaemynck  co-CEOkris.vlaemynck@invibes.com1 EBITDA = current operating income before depreciation and provisions2 Cash and cash equivalents - non-current financial liabilitiesAttachment,neutral,0.23,0.74,0.03,mixed,0.28,0.31,0.41,True,English,"['Invibes Advertising', '2021 annual results', 'strong growth', 'profitability', 'business', 'average annual growth rate', 'artificial intelligence projects', 'six strategic levers', 'net cash position2', 'new valuation method', 'strong international expansion', 'annual financial report', 'international development model', 'advanced technology company', 'strong development potential', '2021 annual results', 'advanced stage', 'Invibes International', 'technology platform', 'strategic clients', 'strong growth', 'Net result', 'net loss', 'Financial result', 'financial year', 'new country', 'new recruitments', 'financial charge', 'financial structure', 'financial resources', 'Press release', 'digital advertising', 'external charges', 'Staff costs', 'Operating profit', 'Extraordinary result', 'scale-up phase', 'United Kingdom', 'South Africa', 'start-up phase', 'continued structuring', 'full-time equivalence', 'rigorous management', 'cost structure', 'country maturity', 'General expenses', 'operating loss', 'deferred taxes', 'private placement', 'ambitious roadmap', 'technology services', '100% self-service platform', 'offensive strategy', 'Next publication', 'innovative solutions', 'feed format', 'organic growth', 'external growth', 'Invibes Advertising', 'new countries', 'Consolidated data', 'Big Data', 'existing countries', 'Nordic countries', 'capital increase', 'total workforce', 'tax credit', 'significant proportion', '969 EBITDA margin', 'Consolidated EBITDA', 'EBITDA growth', 'Organic revenues', 'The Group', 'Group overheads', 'sustained increase', 'Q1 2022 turnover', '2020 data', '10 countries', '504 EBITDA', 'Δ Revenues', 'profitability', 'business', 'London', 'context', 'doubling', 'activity', 'website', 'investors', 'Purchases', 'Depreciation', 'provisions', '042 K', '245 K', 'IFRS', '17 January', 'target', 'period', 'France', 'Spain', 'Switzerland', 'ML2Grow', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Belgium', 'launch', 'strength', 'contributor', 'respect', 'Netherlands', 'UAE', 'momentum', 'Story', 'teams', 'experience', 'controlled', 'breakdown', 'ups', 'UK', 'Sweden', 'Norway', 'Denmark', 'Dubai', 'CAPEX', 'activation', 'Ambition', 'end', 'December', 'amount', 'means', 'Acceleration', 'Deployment', 'SMEs', 'subsidiary', 'companies', 'weighted', 'CAGR', '20 April', 'close', 'trading']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1245,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220322005176/en/Report-from-Cloudreach-an-Atos-Company-Reveals-More-Than-70-of-Organizations-Impacted-by-Cloud-Skills-Shortage,Report from Cloudreach  an Atos Company  Reveals More Than 70% of Organizations Impacted by Cloud Skills Shortage,LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Cloudreach  an Atos company  the leading multi-cloud services provider  released new data highlighting the latest cloud technology trends  underscoring the impact the cloud skills gap is having on businesses. More than 70% of surveyed…,LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Cloudreach  an Atos company  the leading multi-cloud services provider  released new data highlighting the latest cloud technology trends  underscoring the impact the cloud skills gap is having on businesses. More than 70% of surveyed IT leaders internationally saw the skills gap as an urgent concern. More than half of respondents claimed it either slowed them down (46%) or posed an existential crisis to the company (9%).The data was published in an IDC Infobrief ‘How to be a Digital Leader in 2022’ 1 commissioned by Cloudreach  and Amazon Web Services (AWS)  ultimately supporting the Atos OneCloud strategic initiative. The research also delves into cloud technology’s present and expanding role in supporting business growth and sustainability efforts.As more organizations rush to adopt cloud technology to improve efficiency and sustainability  the report shines a light on how the industry needs more skilled professionals than ever to maintain operations. Business leaders are finding that their cloud transformation initiatives are increasingly hampered by a lack of skilled professionals  with 34% of respondents explaining that the shortage has reduced their ability to operate and launch services.Low supply of cloud skills is also hitting innovation  causing high staff turnover and wage inflation. Multi-cloud capabilities  cloud system development  and cloud governance were the top three areas most impacted by the skills gap  according to respondents.“This research confirms that there is a shortage of cloud talent today  threatening cloud transformation projects that are essential to business survival ” said Brooks Borcherding  CEO  Cloudreach. “Talented architects and engineers are vital to delivering on the promise of cloud for businesses  and the opportunities are huge for their careers. This skills gap poses a challenge for organizations to find new ways of recruiting  hiring and upskilling talent; including removing barriers of entry that have historically limited diversity within the industry.“Businesses recognize the importance of cloud infrastructure to help them grow and become more effective  and this study confirms the demand for cloud services continues to grow ” said Vittorio Sanvito  Director of EMEA Partner Development at AWS. “That is why we are working so hard to help close the skills gap in EMEA and worldwide with our partners like Cloudreach and Atos. AWS has also made a commitment to help 29 million people around the world grow their tech skills with free cloud computing training by 2025. We are bringing more people into professional cloud careers and increasing the diversity of the cloud workforce.”The concern about the skills gap remained consistent across cloud organizations in both North America and Europe. The World Economic Forum estimates that by 2025  half of the global workforce will need reskilling  and 97 million new roles will emerge because of digitization. With fewer skilled workers than open jobs  and growing demand on the horizon  cloud organizations will fight to maintain their teams and operations.The study revealed other trends in cloud technology  including the essential role it can play in business operations  growth  and sustainability efforts.● 48% of respondents are now engaged in business transformation through cloud adoption  driving broader changes in organizational thinking.● 71% of respondents see cloud strategy as the biggest driver of sustainability today  with this percentage rising to 85% in 2023.“This study shows that cloud is crucial to achieve carbon emissions targets. Enterprises consume less energy and reduce their environmental footprint when migrating to a cloud environment ” said Carla Arend  Senior Program Director and Lead Analyst  Cloud in Europe at IDC. “To be impactful  sustainability practices need to be embedded in the enterprise business processes. These go beyond tracking CO2 emissions or utilities consumption but look for greener practices across the entire asset lifecycle.”The IDC survey collected data from 610 IT business leaders in North America and Europe at large enterprises across a wide range of industries.For more details on these insights  plus additional findings  download the report here.Notes to Editors: Countries surveyed: United States (150  Canada (50)  United Kingdom (100)  France (80)  Germany (80)  Italy (50)  Spain (50)  Nordics (50)***About CloudreachCloudreach  an Atos company  is the world’s leading multi-cloud services provider. Our mission is to deliver the promise of cloud and drive extraordinary value for our customers. Cloudreach helps enterprises win competitive advantage through successful cloud transformation. We’re the go-to strategic partner for Amazon Web Services  Google Cloud and Microsoft Azure. With more than 10 years of cloud native experience  we’ve built an unmatched depth and breadth of expertise in cloud technologies and their application to business. For more information about our work  visit www.cloudreach.comWith a practice of well over 10 000 people  Atos OneCloud is a ground-breaking initiative that blends cloud advisory consulting  application transformation expertise  prebuilt cloud accelerators  and innovative talents in an end-to-end set of services to help organizations navigate their cloud journey securely and with speed.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 109 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 71 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris and included in the CAC 40 ESG and Next 20 Paris Stock indexes.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.1IDC Infobrief sponsored by Cloudreach and AWS How to be a Digital Leader in 2022  March 2022  EUR148906422,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,mixed,0.17,0.14,0.68,True,English,"['Cloud Skills Shortage', 'Atos Company', 'Report', 'Cloudreach', 'Organizations', 'free cloud computing training', 'leading multi-cloud services provider', 'The World Economic Forum', 'Atos OneCloud strategic initiative', 'latest cloud technology trends', 'high staff turnover', 'top three areas', 'entire asset lifecycle', 'Amazon Web Services', 'carbon emissions targets', 'The IDC survey', 'fewer skilled workers', 'cloud system development', 'cloud native experience', 'enterprise business processes', 'Senior Program Director', 'cloud transformation initiatives', 'cloud transformation projects', 'successful cloud transformation', '97 million new roles', 'EMEA Partner Development', 'professional cloud careers', '610 IT business leaders', 'cloud skills gap', 'strategic partner', 'Multi-cloud capabilities', 'other trends', 'business transformation', 'IT leaders', 'CO2 emissions', 'skilled professionals', 'new ways', 'cloud governance', 'cloud infrastructure', 'cloud workforce', 'cloud adoption', 'cloud strategy', 'cloud environment', 'Google Cloud', 'cloud technologies', 'tech skills', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business survival', 'existential crisis', 'IDC Infobrief', 'Digital Leader', 'expanding role', 'Low supply', 'wage inflation', 'Brooks Borcherding', 'Talented architects', 'Vittorio Sanvito', 'North America', 'global workforce', 'open jobs', 'essential role', 'broader changes', 'organizational thinking', 'biggest driver', 'less energy', 'environmental footprint', 'Carla Arend', 'Lead Analyst', 'utilities consumption', 'greener practices', 'wide range', 'additional findings', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'extraordinary value', 'competitive advantage', 'Microsoft Azure', 'unmatched depth', 'Atos company', '29 million people', 'cloud talent', 'cloud organizations', 'new data', 'business growth', 'sustainability efforts', 'sustainability practices', 'urgent concern', 'growing demand', 'business operations', 'large enterprises', 'Atos.', '10,000 people', 'LONDON', 'Cloudreach', 'impact', 'businesses', 'More', 'half', 'respondents', 'AWS', 'research', 'present', 'efficiency', 'report', 'light', 'industry', 'lack', 'shortage', 'innovation', 'CEO', 'engineers', 'promise', 'opportunities', 'challenge', 'barriers', 'entry', 'diversity', 'importance', 'study', 'partners', 'commitment', 'Europe', 'digitization', 'horizon', 'teams', 'percentage', 'industries', 'details', 'insights', 'Notes', 'Editors', 'Countries', 'Canada', 'France', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'Nordics', 'customers', '10 years', 'breadth', 'expertise', 'application', 'information', '2022']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,businesswire.com
1246,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220322005573/en/Spaceflight-Inc.-and-Astrocast-Extend-Launch-Contract,Spaceflight Inc. and Astrocast Extend Launch Contract,SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Spaceflight Inc.  the leading global launch services provider  today announced an extended multi-launch agreement (MLA) with long-time customer  Internet of Things (IoT) constellation developer  Astrocast. This agreement will add two…,SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Spaceflight Inc.  the leading global launch services provider  today announced an extended multi-launch agreement (MLA) with long-time customer  Internet of Things (IoT) constellation developer  Astrocast. This agreement will add two missions to accommodate Astrocast’s fast-growing IoT constellation which helps track assets in some of the world’s most remote regions.In February of 2020  Astrocast and Spaceflight signed an MLA for the launch of 10 additional IoT nanosatellites  representing the sixth launch booked with Spaceflight. In total  Spaceflight is now set to launch a majority of the satellites that will complete the Astrocast IoT Nanosatellite Network.Spaceflight has already managed the successful launch of 10 Astrocast spacecraft  including demonstration models on Spaceflight’s historic SSO-A mission in 2018 and PSLV-C45 in 2019. The companies most recently partnered and successfully launched an additional five nanosatellites on Spaceflight’s SXRS-5 in January 2021.“Flexibility is a key differentiator going forward ” said Astrocast CFO Kjell Karlsen. “Spaceflight has already demonstrated their flexibility in launch timing and availability across multiple vehicles in our existing contract. Assured access to space is critical for Astrocast to grow our constellation and we’re looking forward to working with Spaceflight to continue to efficiently build out our constellation in orbit.”The uniqueness of Astrocast’s constellation lies in a very low signal and small antenna and terminal with long battery life. The small size lets the company put the terminal on everything from fishing buoys to animals. For example  Astrocast is helping its customers track illegal fishing  endangered animal species  and heavy machinery in remote locations. By default  IoT solutions implemented in many of these situations are deployed in remote locations – from mines to farmland  ships to oil platforms. Astrocast’s solution minimizes the need for human intervention and repair  wherever possible  safeguarding the business case.“We’re pleased to expand our relationship with Astrocast ” said Curt Blake  president and CEO of Spaceflight. “Having a portfolio of launch options and the expertise to move quickly to accommodate changes is something we’re very proud of  and one that fast-growing constellation builders like Astrocast rely on.”During Satellite 2022 this week in Washington DC  both companies have been nominated for prestigious industry awards. Spaceflight is being honored as one of Via Satellite’s 10 Hottest Companies in Satellite and its Sherpa orbital transfer vehicle (OTV) is a finalist for Via Satellite’s 2021 Satellite Technology of the Year award. Astrocast is nominated for a MSUA's 2022 Satellite Mobile Innovation Award.2022 promises to be a year of unprecedented innovation and leadership for Spaceflight  with approximately 20 planned missions across its diverse portfolio of launch vehicle partners. In January 2022  NASA named Spaceflight to provide launch services for the agency’s Venture-Class Acquisition of Dedicated and Rideshare (VADR) missions. The company also successfully executed its first launch with Astra last week  and plans to debut the next two variations of its Sherpa OTV family with its much-anticipated quarter lunar slingshot mission  GEO Pathfinder.About Spaceflight Inc.As the premier global launch services provider  Spaceflight is revolutionizing the business of space transportation through its comprehensive suite of launch services and Sherpa® orbital transfer vehicles. The company provides unprecedented launch flexibility to ensure customers’ smallsats get to orbit exactly when and where they want through a combination of long-standing relationships with a diverse portfolio of launch partners  innovative satellite integration capabilities  including flight and ground support hardware  licensing and logistics management  and extensive mission management expertise. Based in Seattle  Spaceflight has successfully launched hundreds of satellites and is a part of the Mitsui & Co.  Ltd. portfolio  operating as an independent  U.S.-based company. For more information  visit http://www.spaceflight.com.About AstrocastAstrocast SA is the most advanced global nanosatellite IoT network to tackle challenges in industries such as Agriculture & Livestock  Oil  Gas & Mining  Maritime  Environmental  Connected Vehicles  and IoT Devices. The Astrocast network enables companies to monitor  track  assess  and communicate with critical remote assets from anywhere in the world. In partnership with Airbus  CEA/LETI  the European Space Agency  and Thuraya  Astrocast developed Astronode S  a cutting-edge module featuring low profile L-band antenna  ultralow power consumption  and a small form factor. Founded in 2014 by a renowned team of experts  Astrocast designs  builds  and tests all its products in-house  from the satellites to the terminals. In addition to this  Astrocast is listed on the Euronext Growth market in Oslo. For more information visit www.astrocast.com.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.59,0.11,0.31,True,English,"['Spaceflight Inc.', 'Launch Contract', 'Astrocast', 'advanced global nanosatellite IoT network', 'leading global launch services provider', 'premier global launch services provider', 'independent, U.S.-based company', 'quarter lunar slingshot mission', 'Sherpa orbital transfer vehicle', 'Sherpa® orbital transfer vehicles', 'innovative satellite integration capabilities', 'low profile L-band antenna', 'Astrocast CFO Kjell Karlsen', 'extensive mission management expertise', 'Astrocast IoT Nanosatellite Network', '2022 Satellite Mobile Innovation Award', 'historic SSO-A mission', '10 additional IoT nanosatellites', 'additional five nanosatellites', 'long battery life', 'endangered animal species', 'prestigious industry awards', 'ground support hardware', 'Environmental, Connected Vehicles', 'ultralow power consumption', 'Euronext Growth market', 'Sherpa OTV family', 'next two variations', 'The Astrocast network', 'launch vehicle partners', 'small form factor', 'IoT) constellation developer', 'growing IoT constellation', 'extended multi-launch agreement', 'growing constellation builders', 'critical remote assets', 'European Space Agency', 'unprecedented launch flexibility', 'unprecedented innovation', 'Astronode S', 'small antenna', 'IoT solutions', 'IoT Devices', 'multiple vehicles', 'low signal', 'logistics management', 'launch partners', 'two missions', 'Year award', 'sixth launch', 'successful launch', 'launch options', 'first launch', 'small size', 'Via Satellite', '2021 Satellite Technology', 'remote regions', 'remote locations', 'long-time customer', 'demonstration models', 'key differentiator', 'existing contract', 'Assured access', 'fishing buoys', 'illegal fishing', 'heavy machinery', 'human intervention', 'Curt Blake', 'Washington DC', '20 planned missions', 'Venture-Class Acquisition', 'VADR) missions', 'GEO Pathfinder', 'space transportation', 'comprehensive suite', 'long-standing relationships', 'cutting-edge module', 'renowned team', 'diverse portfolio', 'Ltd. portfolio', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business case', '10 Astrocast spacecraft', 'oil platforms', 'Astrocast SA', '10 Hottest Companies', 'Spaceflight Inc.', 'SEATTLE', 'MLA', 'Internet', 'Things', 'world', 'February', 'total', 'majority', 'PSLV-C45', 'SXRS', 'January', 'timing', 'availability', 'uniqueness', 'terminal', 'everything', 'animals', 'example', 'customers', 'default', 'situations', 'mines', 'need', 'repair', 'president', 'CEO', 'changes', 'something', 'finalist', 'MSUA', 'leadership', 'NASA', 'Dedicated', 'Rideshare', 'Astra', 'smallsats', 'combination', 'licensing', 'hundreds', 'Mitsui', 'Co.', 'information', 'challenges', 'industries', 'Agriculture', 'Livestock', 'Gas', 'Mining', 'partnership', 'Airbus', 'CEA/LETI', 'Thuraya', 'experts', 'products', 'house', 'Oslo']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,businesswire.com
1247,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220322005010/en/HPE-GreenLake-Selected-by-Worldline-to-Modernize-Mission-Critical-Payments,HPE GreenLake Selected by Worldline to Modernize Mission-Critical Payments,BRUSSELS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Hewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE: HPE) today announced that Worldline  a European-based global payments provider  has selected the HPE GreenLake edge-to-cloud platform to implement a major performance upgrade to its mission-critical…,BRUSSELS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Hewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE: HPE) today announced that Worldline  a European-based global payments provider  has selected the HPE GreenLake edge-to-cloud platform to implement a major performance upgrade to its mission-critical payments platform to meet the accelerated growth of online transactions. By leveraging HPE GreenLake's flexible as-a-service model and HPE Financial Services' asset renewal program  funding approximately 25% of the platform refresh  Worldline achieved this significant upgrade with no upfront investment.Worldline is the largest European and the world’s fourth largest payment provider  with operations in over 50 countries. The company provides payments and transactional services to the full supply chain – from seller to buyer -- and has been delivering on a vision of a cashless economy by developing agile  customer-centric solutions that are rooted in strong technology. The industry relies heavily on back-end infrastructure to ensure the payment value chain is resilient  highly available and always on. Latency and downtime on card transactions have an immediate impact on the customer experience.The COVID-19 pandemic has had an enormous impact on the finance and banking sector with significant fluctuations in demand and revenue. Over the same period there has been a massive growth in online purchasing as more countries transform into cashless societies resulting in an even greater reliance on secure global payment transactions. Worldline  like many payment providers  needed to quickly and efficiently scale-up its offering to support its vendors and customers with the growing volume of digital payments  further improving its existing reliable estate of servers and storage that needed to meet the current and future demand and reduce ongoing operational costs.The HPE GreenLake platform can scale up and down as business demand fluctuates so that Worldline can manage the growth in demand. The platform delivers the cloud experience through a pay-per-use model while also meeting compliance and regulatory requirements.“Working with HPE has enabled us to navigate the turbulent market caused by COVID-19 via a combination of legacy asset buy-back and a flexible as-a-service approach ” said Frédéric Papillon  Managing Director Production Systems at Worldline. “We feel confident that these solutions will enable us to offer our customers a highly secure and efficient platform for digital transactions that keeps the supply chain moving  and also provide a cost-competitive solution that delivers value for money.”The HPE GreenLake platform solution leverages HPE NonStop systems  which are ideally suited to support payment transactions with trusted  reliable  100% fault-tolerant capabilities required for mission critical environments. HPE NonStop meets the stringent demands of a secure financial transaction workload  with the always-on  resilient design ensuring operational excellence and exceptionally high levels of availability. The solution was identified as the best cloud service to support Worldline’s mission critical business with the agility and flexibility to deliver an accelerated time-to-market for new applications and services.The old data center IT infrastructure will be decommissioned after a transition in a safe and sustainable manner in HPE's Technology Renewal Center to minimize electronic waste. The transformation to the new platform will be managed by HPE Pointnext Services in close collaboration with Worldline  without any disruption to the existing workflows.“Together  the HPE GreenLake platform and HPE Financial Services capabilities will allow Worldline to achieve significant cost savings  and also power a significant refresh and modernization of their mission-critical payments platform ” said Gilles Thiebaut  Managing Director  SVP Global Sales for Northern Western Europe. “This upgrade  delivering improved performance and extending the operational life  was achieved without any upfront investment and is delivered on a pay-per-use model so the solution meets both their technical and financial requirements.”About HPE GreenLakeThe HPE GreenLake edge-to-cloud platform enables customers to accelerate data-first modernization and provides over 50 cloud services that can run on-premises  at the edge  in a colocation facility  and in the public cloud. In Q1 2022  HPE reported Annual Recurring Revenue of $798 million and as-a-service orders growth of 136 percent year-over-year. In April 2022  with the onboarding of Aruba customers  HPE will add over 120 000 customers to the HPE GreenLake platform. The scalable  pay-as-you go HPE GreenLake platform also delivers robust security  compliance  and control  and supports a broad partner ecosystem – including channel partners  distributors  independent software vendors  public cloud providers  service providers  and system integrators. For more information on HPE GreenLake  please visit: https://www.hpe.com/us/en/greenlake.html.About WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] is the European leader in the payments and transactional services industry and #4 player worldwide. With its global reach and its commitment to innovation  Worldline is the technology partner of choice for merchants  banks and third-party acquirers as well as public transport operators  government agencies and industrial companies in all sectors. Powered by over 20 000 employees in more than 50 countries  Worldline provides its clients with sustainable  trusted and secure solutions across the payment value chain  fostering their business growth wherever they are. Services offered by Worldline in the areas of Merchant Services; Terminals  Solutions & Services; Financial Services and Mobility & e-Transactional Services include domestic and cross-border commercial acquiring  both in-store and online  highly secure payment transaction processing  a broad portfolio of payment terminals as well as e-ticketing and digital services in the industrial environment. In 2020 Worldline generated a proforma revenue of 4.8 billion euros. Please visit: worldline.comAbout Hewlett Packard EnterpriseHewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE: HPE) is the global edge-to-cloud company that helps organizations accelerate outcomes by unlocking value from all of their data  everywhere. Built on decades of reimagining the future and innovating to advance the way people live and work  HPE delivers unique  open and intelligent technology solutions delivered as a service – spanning Compute  Storage  Software  Intelligent Edge  High Performance Computing and Mission Critical Solutions – with a consistent experience across all clouds and edges  designed to help customers develop new business models  engage in new ways  and increase operational performance. For more information  visit: www.hpe.com,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.42,0.26,0.31,True,English,"['HPE GreenLake', 'Mission-Critical Payments', 'Worldline', ""HPE Financial Services' asset renewal program"", 'old data center IT infrastructure', 'Frédéric Papillon', 'secure financial transaction workload', 'fourth largest payment provider', 'European-based global payments provider', 'Managing Director Production Systems', 'The HPE GreenLake platform solution', 'HPE Financial Services capabilities', 'secure global payment transactions', 'Technology Renewal Center', 'legacy asset buy-back', 'SVP Global Sales', 'reliable, 100% fault-tolerant capabilities', 'Hewlett Packard Enterprise', 'mission critical environments', 'Northern Western Europe', 'broad partner ecosystem', 'many payment providers', 'HPE NonStop systems', 'HPE Pointnext Services', 'existing reliable estate', 'ongoing operational costs', 'mission critical business', 'significant cost savings', 'full supply chain', 'mission-critical payments platform', 'agile, customer-centric solutions', 'Annual Recurring Revenue', 'robust security, compliance', 'independent software vendors', 'payment value chain', 'best cloud service', 'public cloud providers', 'service orders growth', 'major performance upgrade', 'financial requirements', 'back-end infrastructure', '50 cloud services', 'service providers', 'largest European', 'transactional services', 'cloud platform', 'platform refresh', 'efficient platform', 'new platform', 'strong technology', 'existing workflows', 'online transactions', 'service model', 'card transactions', 'service approach', 'digital transactions', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'digital payments', 'operational excellence', 'operational life', 'cloud experience', 'significant upgrade', 'significant fluctuations', 'cost-competitive solution', 'significant refresh', 'upfront investment', 'cashless economy', 'immediate impact', 'customer experience', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'enormous impact', 'banking sector', 'same period', 'massive growth', 'online purchasing', 'cashless societies', 'greater reliance', 'growing volume', 'use model', 'regulatory requirements', 'stringent demands', 'resilient design', 'high levels', 'new applications', 'sustainable manner', 'electronic waste', 'close collaboration', 'Gilles Thiebaut', 'colocation facility', 'channel partners', 'system integrators', 'European leader', 'business demand', 'accelerated growth', 'future demand', 'turbulent market', 'data-first modernization', 'Aruba customers', 'BRUSSELS', 'NYSE', 'Worldline', 'flexible', 'operations', '50 countries', 'company', 'seller', 'buyer', 'vision', 'industry', 'Latency', 'downtime', 'finance', 'offering', 'servers', 'storage', 'current', 'combination', 'money', 'availability', 'agility', 'flexibility', 'transition', 'safe', 'transformation', 'disruption', 'technical', 'premises', 'edge', 'Q1', '136 percent', 'year', 'April', 'onboarding', 'scalable', 'control', 'distributors', 'information', 'Euronext', 'WLN']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,businesswire.com
1248,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/virbac-2021-operating-profit-ordinary-164500393.html,VIRBAC: 2021 operating profit from ordinary activities showed very strong growth  reflecting the excellent dynamism of our business in a rapidly growing market,CONSOLIDATED FIGURES AS OF DECEMBER 31in millions of € 20212020 adjusted 62021/2020 Change Revenue1 064.0934.2+13.9% Change at constant exchange rates +14.9%...,VirbacCONSOLIDATED FIGURESAS OF DECEMBER 31in millions of € 2021 2020 adjusted 6 2021/2020 Change Revenue 1 064.0 934.2 +13.9% Change at constant exchange rates +14.9% Change at constant exchange rates and scope 1 +18.4% Current operating profit  before depreciation of assets arising from acquisitions 2 173.2 127.0 +36.4% as a % of revenueas a % of revenue at constant rates 16.3%15.9% 13.6%Depreciation of intangible assets from acquisitions 4.3 8.4 Operating profit from ordinary activities 168.9 118.6 +42.4% Non-recurring income and (expenses) -1.20 65.2 Operating profit 167.6 183.7 -8.8% Current net profit 3 117.8 76.9 +53.3% Consolidated net profit 115.7 140.3 -17.6% Including net profit - Group share 113.2 136.0 Shareholders’ equity - Group Share 724.9 621.0 +16.7% Net debt 4 -73.8 -63.4 -16.4% Operating cash flow before interest and taxes 5 210.1 169.4 +24.0%1 Change at constant exchange rates and scope corresponds to organic growth of sales  excluding exchange rate variations  calculating the indicator for the financial year in question and the indicator for the previous financial year on the basis of identical exchange rates (the exchange rate used is the previous financial year’s)  and excluding change in scope  calculating the indicator for the financial year in question on the basis of the scope of consolidation for the previous year  and excluding sales of Sentinel  a product divested on July 1  2020  over the two financial years in question.2 Current operating profit  before depreciation of assets arising from acquisitions  reflects current profit adjusted for the impact of allowance for depreciation of intangible assets resulting from acquisition transactions.3 Current net profit corresponds to consolidated net profit adjusted for non-recurring expenses and income (- €1.2 million)  and for non-current tax (- €0.9 million).4 Net debt corresponds to current (€46.5 million) and non-current (€14.0 million) financial liabilities as well as a lease obligation related to the application of IFRS 16 (€38.5 million)  less the cash position and cash equivalents (€172.8 million) as published in the statement of financial position.5 Operating cash flow corresponds to operating profit (€167.6 million) adjusted for items having no impact on the cash position and impacts related to divestments. The following items are adjusted: fixed asset impairment (€41.7 million)  provision for risks and charges (- €1.7 million)  provisions related to employee benefits (- €1.1 million)  and the other expenses and income without any impact on cash position (€0.6 million)  and the impacts related to divestments (+ €3.0 million).6 Including the impacts of the final decision of the IFRS IC of March 2021 on the configuration and customization costs of software used as part of an SaaS-type contract as described in the accounting principles and methods (net impact - €1.4 million).The accounts were audited by the statutory auditors and examined by the board of directors on March 18  2022. The report of the statutory auditors is in the process of being issued. The statements and detailed presentation of annual profits are available on the corporate site at corporate.virbac.com.Story continuesThanks to the constant mobilization of the Virbac teams for animal health  in a particularly dynamic market  we posted annual revenue of €1.064 billion  an increase of +17.4% over 2020 excluding Sentinel (+13.9% at real scope) compared to the same period in 2020. Excluding the negative effect of exchange rates  revenue rose by +18.4% excluding Sentinel (+14.9% at real scope). All areas had double-digit organic growth  reflecting both the sector’s momentum and the successful execution of our strategic plan. In Europe  the main contributors to this performance were France  area Export activities  the United Kingdom  Germany  Benelux  Italy and Spain  driven by strong growth in the companion animal range. In Asia-Pacific  India continues to drive the area’s growth  accounting for approximately 45% of it; Australia  New Zealand  South Africa  Vietnam  and China also contribute to the area’s very strong growth. The United States benefited from sustained growth across all product lines  including specialty products  the dental and dermatology ranges  recently launched products (Clomicalm  Itrafungol  Senergy and Stelfonta) and  lastly  the manufacturing of Sentinel Spectrum for Merck. In Latin America  Brazil and Mexico drove growth. Lastly  in Chile  the strong second half-year performance helped us achieve organic growth over the year. In terms of species  the companion animal business was essentially driven by the remarkable double-digit growth of the specialty ranges (including Clomicalm  Movoflex  Stelfonta)  petfood  parasiticides  dermatology and dental products  and by the rebound of the vaccine range for dogs and cats  compared to the same period in 2020. It should be noted that sales of Clomicalm and Itrafungol  products acquired in March 2021  and the US petfood range iVet  acquired in July 2021  represented approximately €14 million in sales (or 1.6 percentage points of revenue growth) over the period. The food producing animals segment also showed significant growth due in particular to the ruminant sector.The current operating profit before depreciation of assets arising from acquisitions amounts to €173.2 million  up significantly from 2020 (€127.0 million). This improvement in performance is mainly due to the exceptional growth in our revenue  driven by a very strong performance in all areas and good market dynamics. It is partially offset by a rebound in our expenses  in particular the staff expenses related to the high activity  the commercial expenses in anticipation of product launches  and the acceleration of our R&D investments. Note also  that this annual profit benefits from the recognition of exceptional items in the amount of €5.1 million (€2.4 million in compensation net of costs incurred in 2021  for the continuation of R&D projects acquired in the 1st quarter of 2021 from Elanco  and the additional margin on the transferred inventories of the Clomicalm and Itrafungol products that have benefited from a zero cost of sales as part of the acquisition  and €2.7 million for the reversal of provision for disputes  which have become irrelevant). All of these items represent a positive impact of 0.5 percentage point on the “current operating profit  before depreciation of assets arising from acquisitions” to “revenue” for the period.Current net profit (net consolidated profit adjusted for non-recurring expenses and income and for non-current taxes) totaled €117.8 million  up 53.3% from 2020. This very strong improvement in our current net profit is explained by the reasons given above  in particular the excellent growth of our business and the very strong control of our costs  despite the rebound observed in 2021. It should be noted that our financial result corresponds to a charge of €8.5 million  which is significantly down from the same period in 2020 (charge of €10.4 million). This is explained by the decrease in the cost of net debt of €5.1 million resulting from the repayment of our bank financing following divestment of the Sentinel range; the latter is offset by the decrease in foreign exchange profit of €3.1 million due to the impairment of the Chilean peso against the euro and the US dollar in 2021 compared to the same period in 2020.Net profit - Group Share amounted to €113.2 million  down from the previous year (€136.0 million)  which is explained by the divestment of Sentinel in July 2020.On the financial side  our net debt amounts to - €73.8 million at the end of December 2021  compared to - €63.4 million at the end of December 2020. This positive change in our cash position over the year is mainly due to strong cash generation  which enabled the financing of more sustained capital expenditures (current and acquisitions including the redemption of minority shares of Centrovet)  higher working capital requirements in 2021 given the strong increase in our revenue  and finally the payment of dividends with respect to the 2020 profit.OutlookIn line with our strategic plan  and in a more standardized market  in 2022 we anticipate revenue growth of between 5% and 8% at constant rates and scope. While the ratio of “current operating profit before depreciation of assets arising from acquisitions” to “revenue”  as previously announced  should consolidate around 15% at constant exchange rates (with a voluntary over-investment in R&D of approximately 1 percentage point of revenue compared to 2021). Our debt relief should be around €60 million  excluding dividends  at constant scope and exchange rates. In addition  the distribution of a net dividend of €1.25 per share for the 2021 financial year will be proposed to the next general meeting of shareholders.Covid-19 Health CrisisWe continue to face significant production  logistical and supply constraints with regard to certain intermediaries  and more recently  the impact of inflation on our costs.Conflict between Ukraine and RussiaWe are deeply touched and saddened by what is currently happening in Ukraine  and the humanitarian disaster generated by this war  and we would like to express our support for all the victims. In terms of our business  any direct exposure to this crisis situation is minimal  as our sales to Russia and Ukraine account for less than 0.5% of our total revenue. It should also be noted that we do not have a subsidiary in these two countries  instead we work with distributors. However  we remain vigilant and have formed an internal team to monitor the situation closely  and the possible indirect consequences for our Group  in particular with regard to energy costs (sharply increasing)  and certain raw materials.PRÉSENTATION ANALYSTES – VIRBACNous tiendrons une réunion analystes le mercredi 23 mars 2022 à 14h30 (heure de Paris - CET) dans l’Auditorium l'Edouard VII Business Center  23 square Edouard VII - 75 009 Paris (France).Les participants pourront arriver 15 minutes avant le début de la réunion. L’accès à la réunion sera soumis à la réglementation sanitaire en vigueur à cette date.Un webcast (audio+slides) est également disponible pour assister à la réunion via le lien ci-dessous.Informations pour les participants:Lien d’accès au webcast :https://bit.ly/3JNOPVnCe lien d’accès est disponible sur le site corporate.virbac.com  rubrique « communiqués financiers ». Il permet aux participants d’accéder au webcast en direct et/ou en archive.Vous pourrez poser vos questions au format chat (texte) directement lors du webcast  ou après visionnage du replay à l’adresse courriel : ﬁnances@virbac.com.Virbac: NYSE Euronext - compartment A – ISIN code: FR0000031577 / TICKER: VIRPFinancial Affairs Department: tel. 04 92 08 71 32 - email: finances@virbac.com - Website: corporate.virbac.comAttachment,positive,0.63,0.34,0.03,mixed,0.48,0.35,0.17,True,English,"['2021 operating profit', 'ordinary activities', 'strong growth', 'excellent dynamism', 'growing market', 'VIRBAC', 'business', 'strong second half-year performance', 'fixed asset impairment', 'companion animal business', 'The United States', 'two financial years', 'identical exchange rates', 'companion animal range', 'exchange rate variations', 'remarkable double-digit growth', 'constant exchange rates', 'Operating cash flow', 'Consolidated net profit', 'US petfood range', 'Current operating profit', 'double-digit organic growth', 'Current net profit', 'previous financial year', 'area Export activities', 'constant rates', 'previous year', 'current profit', 'CONSOLIDATED FIGURES', 'animal health', 'strong growth', 'vaccine range', 'constant mobilization', 'ordinary activities', 'Net debt', 'United Kingdom', 'financial liabilities', 'financial position', 'cash position', 'cash equivalents', 'current tax', 'Group share', '136.0 Shareholders’ equity', 'acquisition transactions', 'lease obligation', 'employee benefits', 'final decision', 'customization costs', 'SaaS-type contract', 'accounting principles', 'statutory auditors', 'detailed presentation', 'annual profits', 'corporate site', 'dynamic market', 'same period', 'negative effect', 'successful execution', 'strategic plan', 'main contributors', 'New Zealand', 'South Africa', 'sustained growth', 'Latin America', 'specialty ranges', 'net impact', 'recurring expenses', 'other expenses', 'intangible assets', 'following items', 'IFRS IC', 'product lines', 'specialty products', 'dermatology ranges', 'Non-recurring income', 'Virbac teams', 'real scope', 'Sentinel Spectrum', 'annual revenue', 'dental products', 'DECEMBER', 'millions', 'depreciation', 'acquisitions', 'interest', 'taxes', 'sales', 'indicator', 'question', 'basis', 'consolidation', 'July', 'allowance', 'application', 'statement', 'impacts', 'divestments', 'provision', 'risks', 'charges', 'March', 'configuration', 'software', 'part', 'methods', 'accounts', 'board', 'directors', 'report', 'process', 'Story', 'increase', 'areas', 'sector', 'momentum', 'Europe', 'France', 'Germany', 'Benelux', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'Asia-Pacific', 'India', 'Australia', 'Vietnam', 'China', 'Clomicalm', 'Itrafungol', 'Senergy', 'Stelfonta', 'manufacturing', 'Merck', 'Brazil', 'Mexico', 'Chile', 'terms', 'species', 'Movoflex', 'parasiticides', 'rebound', 'dogs', 'cats', 'iVet', '€', '3.2', '4']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1249,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.cityam.com/commodities-round-up-cotton-and-wheat-prices-rebound-amid-supply-concerns/,Commodities round up: Cotton and wheat prices rebound amid supply concerns,Cotton price soared to 131.7 cents per pound yesterday - its highest level since June 2011  with robust demand from China.The post Commodities round up: Cotton and wheat prices rebound amid supply concerns appeared first on CityAM.,Commodities round up: Cotton and wheat prices rebound amid supply concernsCotton prices rose to 131.7 cents per pound yesterday – its highest level since June 2011.Markets were buoyed by robust demand for US cotton from China as its economy rebounds from the pandemic  while elevated oil prices have raised the prices of synthetic fibres.Commerzbank analyst Carsten Fritsch noted that there has also been little rainfall in Texas over the last month- the leading US cotton growing state  which could result in crop shortfalls this year.He said: “Funds and speculators have apparently jumped on the bandwagon now  though the latter had still been reducing their net long positions slightly in the previous reporting weeks.”Meanwhile  wheat prices have also enjoyed gains after falling from record highs last week.The forward contract for US wheat – traded on the CBOT – gained five per cent to reach 1 119 cents per bushel  while UK prices have risen to £300.90 per tonne and EU wheat priced on the Euronext closed four per cent up at €377 per ton yesterday.Fritsch expects prices to rise further over the course of today.He explained: “This is because market participants are realising that the war in Ukraine is likely to continue for some time yet  meaning that wheat shipments from the Black Sea region will no doubt remain severely restricted. No wheat is currently reaching the market from Ukraine because ports are closed.”According to the chairman of the Ukrainian Grains Association  the lack of grain exports could see Ukraine lose out on $6bn in export revenue by June.While 20m tonnes of wheat and corn are apparently still available for export  but cannot be transported by rail for reasons of capacity.,neutral,0.07,0.64,0.3,negative,0.01,0.19,0.79,True,English,"['wheat prices', 'supply concerns', 'Commodities', 'Cotton', 'leading US cotton growing state', 'Commerzbank analyst Carsten Fritsch', 'net long positions', 'previous reporting weeks', 'five per cent', 'Black Sea region', 'Ukrainian Grains Association', 'US wheat', 'Cotton prices', 'supply concerns', 'highest level', 'robust demand', 'synthetic fibres', 'little rainfall', 'last month', 'crop shortfalls', 'record highs', 'forward contract', 'grain exports', '20m tonnes', 'oil prices', 'UK prices', 'EU wheat', 'wheat shipments', 'market participants', 'export revenue', 'wheat prices', 'Commodities', '131.7 cents', 'pound', 'June', 'Markets', 'China', 'economy', 'pandemic', 'elevated', 'Texas', 'Funds', 'speculators', 'bandwagon', 'gains', 'CBOT', '1,119 cents', 'bushel', 'Euronext', 'course', 'today', 'Ukraine', 'time', 'doubt', 'chairman', 'corn', 'rail', 'reasons', 'capacity']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,cityam.com
1250,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,http://spaceref.com/news/viewpr.html?pid=59688,Spaceflight Inc. and Astrocast Extend Launch Contract,Spaceflight Inc. and Astrocast Extend Launch Contract - SpaceRef,Spaceflight Inc. and Astrocast Extend Launch ContractPress Release From: Spaceflight Inc.Posted: Tuesday  March 22  2022Spaceflight Inc.  the leading global launch services provider  today announced an extended multi-launch agreement (MLA) with long-time customer  Internet of Things (IoT) constellation developer  Astrocast. This agreement will add two missions to accommodate Astrocast’s fast-growing IoT constellation which helps track assets in some of the world’s most remote regions.In February of 2020  Astrocast and Spaceflight signed an MLA for the launch of 10 additional IoT nanosatellites  representing the sixth launch booked with Spaceflight. In total  Spaceflight is now set to launch a majority of the satellites that will complete the Astrocast IoT Nanosatellite Network.Spaceflight has already managed the successful launch of 10 Astrocast spacecraft  including demonstration models on Spaceflight’s historic SSO-A mission in 2018 and PSLV-C45 in 2019. The companies most recently partnered and successfully launched an additional five nanosatellites on Spaceflight’s SXRS-5 in January 2021.“Flexibility is a key differentiator going forward ” said Astrocast CFO Kjell Karlsen. “Spaceflight has already demonstrated their flexibility in launch timing and availability across multiple vehicles in our existing contract. Assured access to space is critical for Astrocast to grow our constellation and we’re looking forward to working with Spaceflight to continue to efficiently build out our constellation in orbit.”The uniqueness of Astrocast’s constellation lies in a very low signal and small antenna and terminal with long battery life. The small size lets the company put the terminal on everything from fishing buoys to animals. For example  Astrocast is helping its customers track illegal fishing  endangered animal species  and heavy machinery in remote locations. By default  IoT solutions implemented in many of these situations are deployed in remote locations – from mines to farmland  ships to oil platforms. Astrocast’s solution minimizes the need for human intervention and repair  wherever possible  safeguarding the business case.“We’re pleased to expand our relationship with Astrocast ” said Curt Blake  president and CEO of Spaceflight. “Having a portfolio of launch options and the expertise to move quickly to accommodate changes is something we’re very proud of  and one that fast-growing constellation builders like Astrocast rely on.”During Satellite 2022 this week in Washington DC  both companies have been nominated for prestigious industry awards. Spaceflight is being honored as one of Via Satellite’s 10 Hottest Companies in Satellite and its Sherpa orbital transfer vehicle (OTV) is a finalist for Via Satellite’s 2021 Satellite Technology of the Year award. Astrocast is nominated for a MSUA's 2022 Satellite Mobile Innovation Award.2022 promises to be a year of unprecedented innovation and leadership for Spaceflight  with approximately 20 planned missions across its diverse portfolio of launch vehicle partners. In January 2022  NASA named Spaceflight to provide launch services for the agency’s Venture-Class Acquisition of Dedicated and Rideshare (VADR) missions. The company also successfully executed its first launch with Astra last week  and plans to debut the next two variations of its Sherpa OTV family with its much-anticipated quarter lunar slingshot mission  GEO Pathfinder.About Spaceflight Inc.As the premier global launch services provider  Spaceflight is revolutionizing the business of space transportation through its comprehensive suite of launch services and Sherpa® orbital transfer vehicles. The company provides unprecedented launch flexibility to ensure customers’ smallsats get to orbit exactly when and where they want through a combination of long-standing relationships with a diverse portfolio of launch partners  innovative satellite integration capabilities  including flight and ground support hardware  licensing and logistics management  and extensive mission management expertise. Based in Seattle  Spaceflight has successfully launched hundreds of satellites and is a part of the Mitsui & Co.  Ltd. portfolio  operating as an independent  U.S.-based company. For more information  visit http://www.spaceflight.com.About AstrocastAstrocast SA is the most advanced global nanosatellite IoT network to tackle challenges in industries such as Agriculture & Livestock  Oil  Gas & Mining  Maritime  Environmental  Connected Vehicles  and IoT Devices. The Astrocast network enables companies to monitor  track  assess  and communicate with critical remote assets from anywhere in the world. In partnership with Airbus  CEA/LETI  the European Space Agency  and Thuraya  Astrocast developed Astronode S  a cutting-edge module featuring low profile L-band antenna  ultralow power consumption  and a small form factor. Founded in 2014 by a renowned team of experts  Astrocast designs  builds  and tests all its products in-house  from the satellites to the terminals. In addition to this  Astrocast is listed on the Euronext Growth market in Oslo. For more information visit www.astrocast.com.ContactsChristie Melby  Communiqué PRChristine@CommuniquePR.com206-282-4923 x127// end //More news releases and status reports or top stories.Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook.Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.59,0.11,0.31,True,English,"['Spaceflight Inc.', 'Launch Contract', 'Astrocast', 'advanced global nanosatellite IoT network', 'leading global launch services provider', 'premier global launch services provider', 'independent, U.S.-based company', 'quarter lunar slingshot mission', 'Sherpa orbital transfer vehicle', 'Sherpa® orbital transfer vehicles', 'innovative satellite integration capabilities', 'low profile L-band antenna', 'Astrocast CFO Kjell Karlsen', 'extensive mission management expertise', 'Astrocast IoT Nanosatellite Network', '2022 Satellite Mobile Innovation Award', 'historic SSO-A mission', '10 additional IoT nanosatellites', 'additional five nanosatellites', 'long battery life', 'endangered animal species', 'prestigious industry awards', 'ground support hardware', 'Environmental, Connected Vehicles', 'ultralow power consumption', 'Sherpa OTV family', 'next two variations', 'The Astrocast network', 'launch vehicle partners', 'small form factor', 'IoT) constellation developer', 'growing IoT constellation', 'extended multi-launch agreement', 'growing constellation builders', 'critical remote assets', 'European Space Agency', 'unprecedented launch flexibility', 'unprecedented innovation', 'Astronode S', 'small antenna', 'IoT solutions', 'IoT Devices', 'multiple vehicles', 'low signal', 'logistics management', 'launch partners', 'two missions', 'Year award', 'sixth launch', 'successful launch', 'launch options', 'first launch', 'small size', 'Via Satellite', '2021 Satellite Technology', 'remote regions', 'remote locations', 'Press Release', 'long-time customer', 'demonstration models', 'key differentiator', 'Assured access', 'fishing buoys', 'illegal fishing', 'heavy machinery', 'human intervention', 'Curt Blake', 'Washington DC', '20 planned missions', 'Venture-Class Acquisition', 'VADR) missions', 'GEO Pathfinder', 'space transportation', 'comprehensive suite', 'long-standing relationships', 'cutting-edge module', 'renowned team', 'diverse portfolio', 'Ltd. portfolio', '10 Astrocast spacecraft', 'existing contract', 'oil platforms', 'business case', 'Astrocast SA', '10 Hottest Companies', 'Spaceflight Inc.', 'Astrocast.', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'MLA', 'Internet', 'Things', 'world', 'February', 'total', 'majority', 'PSLV-C45', 'SXRS', 'January', 'timing', 'availability', 'uniqueness', 'terminal', 'everything', 'animals', 'example', 'customers', 'default', 'situations', 'mines', 'need', 'repair', 'president', 'CEO', 'changes', 'something', 'finalist', 'MSUA', 'leadership', 'NASA', 'Dedicated', 'Rideshare', 'Astra', 'smallsats', 'combination', 'licensing', 'Seattle', 'hundreds', 'Mitsui', 'Co.', 'information', 'challenges', 'industries', 'Agriculture', 'Livestock', 'Gas', 'Mining', 'partnership', 'Airbus', 'CEA/LETI', 'Thuraya', 'experts', 'products', 'house']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,spaceref.com
1251,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220321005941/en/argenx-Announces-Positive-Topline-Phase-3-Data-From-ADAPT-SC-Study-Evaluating-Subcutaneous-Efgartigimod-for-Generalized-Myasthenia-Gravis,argenx Announces Positive Topline Phase 3 Data From ADAPT-SC Study Evaluating Subcutaneous Efgartigimod for Generalized Myasthenia Gravis,BREDA  the Netherlands--(BUSINESS WIRE)--argenx Announces Positive Topline Phase 3 Data from ADAPT-SC Study Evaluating Subcutaneous Efgartigimod for Generalized Myasthenia Gravis,BREDA  the Netherlands--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced positive topline data from the Phase 3 ADAPT-SC study evaluating subcutaneous (SC) efgartigimod (1000mg efgartigimod-PH20) for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG). SC efgartigimod achieved the primary endpoint of total IgG reduction from baseline at day 29  demonstrating statistical noninferiority to VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) intravenous (IV) formulation in gMG patients. Based on these results  argenx plans to submit a Biologics License Application (BLA) to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) by the end of 2022.SC efgartigimod is co-formulated with recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20 (rHuPH20)  Halozyme's ENHANZE® drug delivery technology. ENHANZE facilitates subcutaneous injection delivery of biologics that are typically administered via infusion  providing additional treatment options to patients based on individual preferences.“ Every person living with gMG experiences the disease in their own way  including how they manage symptoms ” said James F. Howard Jr.  M.D.  Professor of Neurology (Neuromuscular Disease)  Medicine and Allied Health  Department of Neurology  The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Medicine and Principal Investigator for the ADAPT-SC trial. “ For many years  patients lacked sufficient treatment options  let alone those that were tailored to their unique needs. These data  along with the recent approval of the intravenous formulation  VYVGART  represent exciting advancements in the management of this debilitating  unpredictable disease by offering patients and physicians the option to select treatment based on individual needs and preferences.”“ Our goal is to redefine and deliver targeted treatment options for people living with gMG globally. By listening to the gMG community  we heard the importance of creating optionality and flexibility for patients. The ADAPT-SC results mark another important step toward achieving this  and further support our vision of delivering a broad array of treatment options for gMG ” said Tim Van Hauwermeiren  Chief Executive Officer of argenx. “ We’re excited about the potential to deliver two best-in-class options that provide flexibility around route of administration and dosing schedule  and look forward to collaborating with the FDA to bring another innovative treatment option to people living with gMG.”Highlights of Topline ADAPT-SC DataPrimary endpoint of noninferiority was met (p< 0.0001); SC efgartigimod demonstrated mean total IgG reduction of 66.4% from baseline at day 29  compared to 62.2% with VYVGART. Results were consistent across the overall population  including those with acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibodies and patients where AChR antibodies were not detected.Additional key secondary endpoints were met  consistent with clinical efficacy results seen in the VYVGART Phase 3 ADAPT study  including: 69.1% of patients treated with SC efgartigimod were responders on the Myasthenia Gravis Activities of Daily Living (MG-ADL) score. Responders are defined as having at least a two-point improvement on the MG-ADL score for at least four consecutive weeks. 65.5% of treated patients were responders on the Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis (QMG) score. Responders are defined as having at least a three-point improvement on the QMG score for at least four consecutive weeks.Onset of effect and minimal symptom expression (defined as MG-ADL score of 0 or 1) were also consistent with ADAPT.SC efgartigimod demonstrated a safety profile consistent with the Phase 3 ADAPT study. It was generally well-tolerated; the most frequent adverse event being injection site reactions (ISRs)  commonly observed with biologics administered subcutaneously. All ISRs were mild to moderate and resolved over time.Detailed data from the ADAPT-SC trial will be submitted for presentation at a future medical meeting.Phase 3 ADAPT-SC Trial DesignThe Phase 3 ADAPT-SC trial was a randomized  open-label  parallel-group  multicenter trial evaluating the noninferiority of the pharmacodynamic (PD) effect of SC efgartigimod (1000mg efgartigimod-PH20) as compared with IV efgartigimod (10mg/kg) in patients with gMG. The pharmacodynamic effect as measured by percent change from baseline in total IgG levels at day 29  one week after the last dose of IV or SC efgartigimod  served as the primary endpoint in the ADAPT-SC trial. The correlation between total IgG reduction and clinical benefit in gMG was demonstrated in a Phase 2 and the Phase 3 ADAPT trial  which served as the basis for approval of VYVGART in the U.S. and Japan. Safety  clinical efficacy  immunogenicity and pharmacokinetics (PK) were also assessed.A total of 110 adult patients with gMG in North America  Europe and Japan enrolled in the ADAPT-SC trial and were treated. Inclusion criteria of the trial were the same as the Phase 3 ADAPT trial of VYVGART; enrolled patients had a confirmed gMG diagnosis and an MG-ADL total score of at least 5 with greater than 50% of the total score attributed to non-ocular symptoms  at screening and baseline. Patients were on a stable dose of at least one gMG treatment prior to randomization  including acetylcholinesterase inhibitors  corticosteroids or nonsteroidal immunosuppressive drugs  and were required to remain on that stable dose throughout the primary trial.Patients were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive SC efgartigimod or IV efgartigimod for one treatment cycle consisting of four doses at weekly intervals. The total study duration was approximately 12 weeks  including seven weeks of follow-up after the treatment cycle.Conference Call and WebcastA webcast of the live call may be accessed on the Investors section of the argenx website at argenx.com/investors. A replay of the webcast will be available on the argenx website for approximately one year following the call.Dial-in numbers:Please dial in 15 minutes prior to the live call.Belgium 32 800 50 201 France 33 800 943355 Netherlands 31 20 795 1090 United Kingdom 44 800 358 0970 United States 1 888 415 4250 Japan 81 3 4578 9752 Switzerland 41 43 210 11 32See the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART in the U.S.  which includes the below Important Safety Information. For more information related to VYVGART in Japan  visit argenx.jp.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) intravenous (IV) formulation (U.S. PRESCRIBING INFORMATION)What is VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab)?VYVGART is a prescription medicine used to treat a condition called generalized myasthenia gravis  which causes muscles to tire and weaken easily throughout the body  in adults who are positive for antibodies directed toward a protein called acetylcholine receptor (anti-AChR antibody positive).What is the most important information I should know about VYVGART?VYVGART may cause serious side effects  including:Infection. VYVGART may increase the risk of infection. In a clinical study  the most common infections were urinary tract and respiratory tract infections. More patients on VYVGART vs placebo had below normal levels for white blood cell counts  lymphocyte counts  and neutrophil counts. The majority of infections and blood side effects were mild to moderate in severity. Your health care provider should check you for infections before starting treatment  during treatment  and after treatment with VYVGART. Tell your health care provider if you have any history of infections. Tell your health care provider right away if you have signs or symptoms of an infection during treatment with VYVGART such as fever  chills  frequent and/or painful urination  cough  pain and blockage of nasal passages/sinus  wheezing  shortness of breath  fatigue  sore throat  excess phlegm  nasal discharge  back pain  and/or chest pain.VYVGART may increase the risk of infection. In a clinical study  the most common infections were urinary tract and respiratory tract infections. More patients on VYVGART vs placebo had below normal levels for white blood cell counts  lymphocyte counts  and neutrophil counts. The majority of infections and blood side effects were mild to moderate in severity. Your health care provider should check you for infections before starting treatment  during treatment  and after treatment with VYVGART. Tell your health care provider if you have any history of infections. Tell your health care provider right away if you have signs or symptoms of an infection during treatment with VYVGART such as fever  chills  frequent and/or painful urination  cough  pain and blockage of nasal passages/sinus  wheezing  shortness of breath  fatigue  sore throat  excess phlegm  nasal discharge  back pain  and/or chest pain. Undesirable immune reactions (hypersensitivity reactions). VYVGART can cause the immune system to have undesirable reactions such as rashes  swelling under the skin  and shortness of breath. In clinical studies  the reactions were mild or moderate and occurred within 1 hour to 3 weeks of administration  and the reactions did not lead to VYVGART discontinuation. Your health care provider should monitor you during and after treatment and discontinue VYVGART if needed. Tell your health care provider immediately about any undesirable reactions.Before taking VYVGART  tell your health care provider about all of your medical conditions  including if you:Have a history of infection or you think you have an infection.Have received or are scheduled to receive a vaccine (immunization). Discuss with your health care provider whether you need to receive age-appropriate immunizations before initiation of a new treatment cycle with VYVGART. The use of vaccines during VYVGART treatment has not been studied  and the safety with live or live-attenuated vaccines is unknown. Administration of live or live-attenuated vaccines is not recommended during treatment with VYVGART.Are pregnant or plan to become pregnant and are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed.Tell your health care provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the-counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.What are the common side effects of VYVGART?The most common side effects of VYVGART are respiratory tract infection  headache  and urinary tract infection.These are not all the possible side effects of VYVGART. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You may report side effects to the US Food and Drug Administration at 1-800-FDA-1088.Please see the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART and talk to your doctor.About Generalized Myasthenia GravisMG is a rare and chronic autoimmune disease where IgG antibodies disrupt communication between nerves and muscles  causing debilitating and potentially life-threatening muscle weakness. More than 85% of people with MG progress to generalized MG (gMG) within 18 months  where muscles throughout the body may be affected  resulting in extreme fatigue and difficulties with facial expression  speech  swallowing and mobility. In more life-threatening cases  MG can affect the muscles responsible for breathing. Patients with confirmed AChR antibodies account for 80-90% of the total gMG population.About EfgartigimodEfgartigimod is an antibody fragment designed to reduce pathogenic immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies by binding to the neonatal Fc receptor and blocking the IgG recycling process. Efgartigimod is being investigated in several autoimmune diseases known to be mediated by disease-causing IgG antibodies  including neuromuscular disorders  blood disorders  and skin blistering diseases  in both an intravenous and subcutaneous (SC) formulation. SC efgartigimod is co-formulated with recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20 (rHuPH20)  Halozyme's ENHANZE® drug delivery technology.About VYVGART®VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) is a human IgG1 antibody fragment that binds to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)  resulting in the reduction of circulating immunoglobulin G (IgG) autoantibodies. It is the first and only approved FcRn blocker. VYVGART is approved in the United States for the treatment of adults with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive and in Japan for the treatment of adults with gMG who do not have sufficient response to steroids or non-steroidal immunosuppressive therapies (ISTs).About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and-only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S. and Japan. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.Forward-Looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes ” “estimates ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will” or “should” and include statements argenx makes concerning the expected benefits of subcutaneous (SC) efgartigimod (1000mg efgartigimod-PH20) for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) and the market acceptance thereof. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.31,0.18,0.51,True,English,"['Positive Topline Phase 3 Data', 'Generalized Myasthenia Gravis', 'ADAPT-SC Study', 'Subcutaneous Efgartigimod', 'argenx', 'randomized, open-label, parallel-group, multicenter trial', 'recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20', 'James F. Howard Jr.', 'Additional key secondary endpoints', 'ENHANZE® drug delivery technology', 'VYVGART Phase 3 ADAPT study', 'subcutaneous injection delivery', 'global immunology company', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'generalized myasthenia gravis', 'Chapel Hill School', 'Tim Van Hauwermeiren', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Myasthenia Gravis Activities', 'four consecutive weeks', 'Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis', 'minimal symptom expression', 'frequent adverse event', 'injection site reactions', 'future medical meeting', 'total IgG reduction', 'total IgG levels', 'Phase 3 ADAPT-SC study', 'additional treatment options', 'positive topline data', 'ADAPT-SC Trial Design', 'Phase 3 ADAPT trial', 'U.S. Food', 'debilitating, unpredictable disease', 'sufficient treatment options', 'targeted treatment options', 'Topline ADAPT-SC Data', 'Phase 3 ADAPT-SC trial', 'Biologics License Application', 'pharmacodynamic (PD) effect', 'innovative treatment option', 'subcutaneous (SC) efgartigimod', 'The ADAPT-SC results', 'intravenous (IV) formulation', 'clinical efficacy results', 'intravenous formulation', 'class options', 'Drug Administration', 'The University', 'pharmacodynamic effect', 'clinical benefit', 'Detailed data', 'SC efgartigimod', 'efgartigimod alfa-fcab', 'IV efgartigimod', '1000mg efgartigimod-PH', 'primary endpoint', 'M.D.', 'Neuromuscular Disease', 'Allied Health', 'North Carolina', 'Principal Investigator', 'many years', 'unique needs', 'exciting advancements', 'individual needs', 'important step', 'broad array', 'dosing schedule', 'overall population', 'acetylcholine receptor', 'AChR) antibodies', 'AChR antibodies', 'Daily Living', 'two-point improvement', 'three-point improvement', 'percent change', 'last dose', 'North America', 'Inclusion criteria', 'individual preferences', 'recent approval', 'safety profile', 'argenx SE', 'statistical noninferiority', 'MG-ADL score', 'gMG community', '110 adult patients', 'QMG score', 'gMG patients', 'VYVGART®', 'BREDA', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'baseline', 'day', 'BLA', 'FDA', 'rHuPH', 'Halozyme', 'infusion', 'person', 'way', 'symptoms', 'Professor', 'Neurology', 'Medicine', 'Department', 'management', 'physicians', 'goal', 'importance', 'optionality', 'flexibility', 'vision', 'potential', 'route', 'Highlights', 'responders', 'Onset', 'ISRs', 'time', 'presentation', 'correlation', 'basis', 'Japan', 'immunogenicity', 'pharmacokinetics', 'PK', 'Europe']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,businesswire.com
1252,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-us-shareholders-tax-reporting-information-301508036.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited U.S. Shareholders Tax Reporting Information,LONDON  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon will provide to self-identified U.S. shareholders of Tetragon for the 2021 calendar year  on a confidential basis only  information necessary for such a shareholder to satisfy its U.S. federal income tax filing …,LONDON  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon will provide to self-identified U.S. shareholders of Tetragon for the 2021 calendar year  on a confidential basis only  information necessary for such a shareholder to satisfy its U.S. federal income tax filing obligations  including such information necessary to make qualified electing fund (QEF) elections under the U.S. tax rules for Passive Foreign Investment Companies (PFICs).Any such shareholders who wish to receive this confidential information should provide their contact details to Tetragon's Investor Relations department at the contact details below.Tetragon will use reasonable efforts to provide information with respect to underlying portfolio companies that it has reasonably determined to be PFICs. Although estimates of such underlying PFIC information may be provided earlier  Tetragon may not be able to provide actual underlying PFIC information in advance of the 15 April tax return deadline applicable to most individual U.S. taxpayers  and so such shareholders may wish to request an extension of their tax filing deadline. In addition  Tetragon will not accept any liability for the accuracy or completeness of any such provided information.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a closed-ended investment company that invests in a broad range of assets  including public and private equities and credit (including distressed securities and structured credit)  convertible bonds  real estate  venture capital  infrastructure  bank loans and TFG Asset Management  a diversified alternative asset management business. Where appropriate  through TFG Asset Management  Tetragon seeks to own all  or a portion  of asset management companies with which it invests in order to enhance the returns achieved on its capital. Tetragon's investment objective is to generate distributable income and capital appreciation. It aims to provide stable returns to investors across various credit  equity  interest rate  inflation and real estate cycles. The company's non-voting shares are traded on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and on the Specialist Fund Segment of the main market of the London Stock Exchange. For more information please visit the company's website at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon: Press Inquiries:Yuko Thomas Prosek PartnersInvestor Relations [email protected][email protected]United StatesUnited KingdomRyan FitzGibbon Remy Marin Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell+1 646 818 9298 +1 646 818 9234 +44 7717 281 665 +44 7940 166 251This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.03,0.26,0.71,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited U.S. Shareholders Tax Reporting Information', 'Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell', 'U.S. federal income tax filing obligations', 'most individual U.S. taxpayers', 'diversified alternative asset management business', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'U.S. tax rules', '15 April tax return deadline', 'Yuko Thomas Prosek Partners', 'self-identified U.S. shareholders', 'Passive Foreign Investment Companies', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'tax filing deadline', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'actual underlying PFIC information', 'U.S. persons', 'asset management companies', 'TFG Asset Management', 'underlying portfolio companies', 'collective investment scheme', 'qualified electing fund', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Investor Relations department', 'real estate cycles', 'London Stock Exchange', 'distributable income', 'investment objective', '2021 calendar year', 'confidential basis', 'QEF) elections', 'contact details', 'reasonable efforts', 'broad range', 'private equities', 'convertible bonds', 'bank loans', 'interest rate', 'voting shares', 'regulated market', 'main market', 'Press Inquiries', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'Netherlands Authority', 'confidential information', 'distressed securities', 'venture capital', 'capital appreciation', 'public register', 'structured credit', 'stable returns', 'public offer', 'PRNewswire', 'PFICs', 'respect', 'estimates', 'advance', 'extension', 'addition', 'liability', 'accuracy', 'completeness', 'assets', 'infrastructure', 'portion', 'order', 'investors', 'equity', 'inflation', 'website', 'tetragoninv', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,prnewswire.com
1253,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veons-banglalink-launches-health-hub-to-provide-bangladeshs-first-digital-health-aggregator-platform-301507531.html,"VEON's Banglalink launches ""Health Hub"" to provide Bangladesh's first digital health aggregator platform",DHAKA  Bangladesh  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON)  (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  announces that its Banglalink mobile operator in Bangladesh has launched Health Hub  the co…,"DHAKA  Bangladesh  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd . (NASDAQ: VEON)  (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  announces that its Banglalink mobile operator in Bangladesh has launched Health Hub  the country's first integrated digital health platform.Introduced as part of Banglalink's MyBL self-care mobile service  Health Hub is a one-stop healthcare platform for Banglalink customers that covers every aspect of an individual's health from initial consultations to medicine planning. Through the platform  users have access to a comprehensive array of affordable digital health services provided by 'Health Hub' partners including Bangladesh's leading healthcare providers Daktarbhai  DocTime  and Pulse.In a country with dispersed and sometimes difficult to access health services  Health Hub brings together multiple facilities such as booking doctor appointments  video consultations  insurance claims  a personal health tracking tool  home sample collection  and medicine delivery in one digital portal. The Health Hub platform covers all major health needs and enables users to find medical services at substantially lower costs. Banglalink customers will have access to the facilities through exclusive daily  monthly  and yearly subscription packages.""Bangladesh is a market with huge potential that is undergoing a transformation through the adoption of digital services. This is digital democratization of health care that opens the way for customers to find better and lower-cost services "" explains Erik Aas  CEO of Banglalink.Kaan Terzioglu  Group Chief Executive Officer  VEON  said  ""Banglalink's launch of Health Hub is a remarkable initiative as it draws together all the main healthcare providers in the country into a single  accessible digital services that will provide major benefits for the people of Bangladesh. Health Hub also extends the portfolio of digital operator services that VEON offers.""The development of Banglalink's Heath Hub builds on VEON's commitment to enhance the lives of its customers by providing best-in-class digital services to its customers. Parallel initiatives  developed under VEON's Digital Operator strategy  include Toffee  the highly successful entertainment application that was initiated 2019 and is now used by 6.4 million people in Bangladesh1  and JazzCash  VEON's mobile banking service in Pakistan that has 15.2 million customers1. VEON operates in nine countries serving 220 customers over a population of 680 million people.About VEONVEON is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-listed global provider of connectivity and digital services. Our companies are transforming lifestyles through technology-driven services that empower opportunity in some of the world's fastest-growing emerging markets. VEON operates in nine countries serving 220 customers over a population of 680 million people  with an independent board  an international management team and no controlling shareholder. For more information  visit: https://www.veon.comDisclaimerThis release contains ""forward-looking statements""  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  the extension of the application of VEON's Augmented Intelligence Platform. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact InformationVEON GroupGroup Communications DirectorMarina Levina[email protected]TUVA PartnersJulian Tanner[email protected]M +44 7900 205 460SOURCE VEON Ltd",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.03,0.19,0.78,True,English,"['first digital health aggregator platform', 'Health Hub', 'VEON', 'Banglalink', 'Bangladesh', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'VEON Group Group Communications Director', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Group Chief Executive Officer', 'MyBL self-care mobile service', 'personal health tracking tool', 'single, accessible digital services', 'integrated digital health platform', 'The Health Hub platform', 'affordable digital health services', 'mobile banking service', 'one-stop healthcare platform', 'leading healthcare providers', 'home sample collection', 'yearly subscription packages', 'main healthcare providers', 'growing emerging markets', 'international management team', 'Augmented Intelligence Platform', 'one digital portal', 'Digital Operator strategy', 'digital operator services', 'major health needs', 'leading global provider', 'successful entertainment application', 'Banglalink mobile operator', ""Health Hub' partners"", 'SOURCE VEON Ltd', 'digital democratization', 'health care', 'major benefits', 'TUVA Partners', 'internet services', 'medical services', 'lower-cost services', 'technology-driven services', 'Heath Hub', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'initial consultations', 'medicine planning', 'comprehensive array', 'doctor appointments', 'video consultations', 'insurance claims', 'medicine delivery', 'lower costs', 'huge potential', 'Erik Aas', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'remarkable initiative', 'Parallel initiatives', 'nine countries', 'independent board', 'controlling shareholder', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'Marina Levina', 'Julian Tanner', '6.4 million people', '680 million people', 'multiple facilities', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', '15.2 million customers', 'Banglalink customers', 'statements', '220 customers', 'DHAKA', 'Bangladesh', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'connectivity', 'country', 'aspect', 'individual', 'users', 'Daktarbhai', 'DocTime', 'Pulse', 'booking', 'transformation', 'adoption', 'way', 'CEO', 'launch', 'portfolio', 'development', 'commitment', 'lives', 'class', 'Toffee', 'JazzCash', 'Pakistan', 'population', 'companies', 'lifestyles', 'opportunity', 'world', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'extension', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'occurrence']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,prnewswire.com
1254,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/91970/belgiums-newb-issues-dual-badged-mobile-controlled-visa-debit-bancontact-cards,Belgium's NewB issues dual-badged mobile-controlled Visa Debit-Bancontact cards,Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payments services  has entered a partnership with Mainsys Financial Software  a Belgian IT company that offers comprehensive banking solutions.,Source: WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payments services  has entered a partnership with Mainsys Financial Software  a Belgian IT company that offers comprehensive banking solutions.The joint solution has been recently rolled out for the first time to manage co-badged Visa Debit-Bancontact cardsWorldline recently presented its new strategic plan  detailing its ambition of becoming the premium global Paytech company at the heart of the European payment ecosystem. This partnership with Mainsys fits perfectly with Worldline’s new strategy plan.The innovative co-badged Visa Debit-Bancontact card is live thanks to the Mainsys and Worldline partnership solution for a few months at the Belgium cooperative bank NewB. The card benefits from a large acceptance due to the combination of Bancontact and Visa networks. This advantageous combination makes it possible to pay for purchases in Belgium and abroad  online or in-store  with or without contact  with a single card  while taking advantage of the added value of applications  such as P2P payments.Transactions are debited immediately from the account and can be viewed in real time via Mainsys’ web and mobile banking apps. The immediate updating of the data gives the bank’s customers total control over their expenses.The card can be entirely managed by the customers on the Internet or on mobile  from the card order with the choice of the secret code (PIN)  to the management of limits and options (purchase on the Internet  authorized geographical areas  etc.).The aim of this partnership is to support neo-banks  fintechs and other new small banking players in order to rapidly launch a turnkey end-to-end account & payment card solution on the market. The solution combines the WL 1-Click Card Issuing Processing offering of Worldline and Mainsys’ Core Banking (F2B) and e-Banking (FRONTeO) solutions. With this joint solution neo-banks and fintechs can easily reach clients that need to have an easy digital banking solution and card payment instrument integrated for their customers.Christophe Lhelguen  Head of Issuing at Worldline Financial Services  said: “This partnership with Mainsys is a perfect illustration of our ambition to go further into the value chain and provide our customers turnkey innovative solutions. In addition  it enables companies to become a fully digital bank in a few months offering a variety of banking services as well as a wide range of value-added services.”Alexandre Degrijse  CEO of Mainsys Financial Software  said: “Banks want to offer a card accepted everywhere  in their local market and worldwide  fully controlled by the customer  therefore with immediate debit and full on-line management. By combining Worldline’s services with our expertise  we have been able to develop simple  performant and robust solutions  meeting the demand of both new payment players and banks who wish to be innovative in their card offering.”,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['dual-badged mobile-controlled Visa Debit-Bancontact cards', 'Belgium', 'NewB', 'WL 1-Click Card Issuing Processing offering', 'other new small banking players', 'premium global Paytech company', 'badged Visa Debit-Bancontact card', 'easy digital banking solution', 'new payment players', 'Belgian IT company', 'Visa Debit-Bancontact cards', 'new strategic plan', 'new strategy plan', 'European payment ecosystem', 'comprehensive banking solutions', 'card payment instrument', 'mobile banking apps', 'Mainsys’ Core Banking', 'Mainsys Financial Software', 'payment card solution', 'Belgium cooperative bank', 'Worldline Financial Services', 'turnkey innovative solutions', 'card offering', 'Worldline partnership solution', 'banking services', 'global leader', 'Visa networks', 'joint solution', 'single card', 'FRONTeO) solutions', 'robust solutions', 'payments services', 'first time', 'large acceptance', 'added value', 'P2P payments', 'real time', 'Mainsys’ web', 'immediate updating', 'total control', 'card order', 'secret code', 'geographical areas', 'Christophe Lhelguen', 'perfect illustration', 'value chain', 'wide range', 'value-added services', 'Alexandre Degrijse', 'immediate debit', 'simple, performant', 'advantageous combination', 'end account', 'local market', 'line management', 'Source', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'ambition', 'heart', 'months', 'NewB.', 'purchases', 'store', 'applications', 'Transactions', 'data', 'customers', 'expenses', 'Internet', 'choice', 'PIN', 'limits', 'options', 'aim', 'neo-banks', 'fintechs', 'F2B', 'clients', 'Head', 'addition', 'companies', 'variety', 'CEO', 'expertise', 'demand']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,finextra.com
1255,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veolia-completes-the-combination-with-suez--strengthens-its-position-in-north-america-to-transform-the-delivery-of-environmental-services-301507781.html,Veolia completes the combination with Suez & strengthens its position in North America to transform the delivery of environmental services,Veolia North America is now the leading company for cities and municipalities across the U.S. for drinking water and wastewater treatment systems BOSTON  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Veolia North America (VNA)  a wholly owned subsidiary of Veolia Group  ann…,"Veolia North America is now the leading company for cities and municipalities across the U.S. for drinking water and wastewater treatment systemsBOSTON  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Veolia North America (VNA)  a wholly owned subsidiary of Veolia Group  announces the integration of its businesses with Suez's assets in the United States and Canada  following the completion of the combination of the two companies  which was announced earlier this year. This positions VNA with 10 000 employees as the leading water and wastewater treatment company in the US for cities and municipalities.In North America  Veolia is already active in water and wastewater treatment  commercial and hazardous waste collection and disposal  energy consulting through its decarbonization offerings as well as resource recovery  including the recycling of wind turbine blades.The combination of the strengths and assets of the two companies will bring innovation and enhanced resources to strongly support the ecological transformation of the U.S. water sector and to contribute to the country's 2030 carbon neutrality goals.The main areas of transformational innovations will include:Water and wastewater treatment: expanded opportunities to create water reclamation and reuse programs that preserve and recycle water resources.expanded opportunities to create water reclamation and reuse programs that preserve and recycle water resources. Waste management: investments in hazardous waste management that ensure the safe and reliable disposal of materials that otherwise would pose a threat to natural resources.investments in hazardous waste management that ensure the safe and reliable disposal of materials that otherwise would pose a threat to natural resources. Energy: expanded opportunities to reduce or avoid carbon emissions and enable energy efficiency for cities and industries working to achieve greater sustainability and resilience goals.""The creation of a global champion of ecological transformation is a game changer for the environmental services sector. Veolia's aim is to act as a unique enabler of the ecological transformation solutions and a reliable partner for public and private customers to respond to the environmental emergency "" commented Antoine Frérot  Veolia Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. ""In the current challenging context worldwide  Veolia's teams are more than ever mobilized around our primary mission of providing environmental and energy solutions to meet the vital needs of populations in a responsible manner and to continue building a sustainable future.""""This important milestone marks a new era in the delivery of the ecological transformation solutions to millions of people in communities across the United States and Canada who rely on our services "" said Veolia North America President and CEO Frédéric Van Heems. ""The combination of the strengths and resources of the two companies will bring innovation  investments and skills to enhance the delivery of essential services in water  wastewater  waste management and energy — services that keep our vital infrastructure functioning and thriving.""For existing customers of both Veolia North America and Suez North America  the merger will not result in any immediate changes in how they receive their services. The benefits of the merger will be incorporated over time to ensure a smooth transition and maintain the strong relationships the companies have with their customers.Under terms of the merger  Veolia North America  which employs more than 7 000 people at more than 250 locations across the U.S. and Canada  will be joined by Suez North America  which primarily provides water and wastewater treatment services. The merger expands Veolia North America's water portfolio  with an additional 6.7 million water customers — including over 700 000 drinking water customers — served through 67 additional public-private partnerships and six new regulated utilities.About Veolia GroupVeolia Group aims to be the benchmark company for ecological transformation. With nearly 179 000 employees worldwide  the Group designs and provides game-changing solutions that are both useful and practical for water  waste and energy management. Through its three complementary business activities  Veolia helps to develop access to resources  preserve available resources and replenish them. In 2020  the Veolia Group supplied 95 million people with drinking water and 62 million people with wastewater services  produced nearly 42 million megawatt hours of energy and treated 47 million metric tons of waste. Veolia Environnement (listed on Paris Euronext: VIE) recorded consolidated revenue of €26.010 billion in 2020 (USD 29.7 billion). www.veolia.comAbout Veolia North AmericaA subsidiary of Veolia Group  Veolia North America (VNA) offers a full spectrum of water  waste and energy management services  including water and wastewater treatment  commercial and hazardous waste collection and disposal  energy consulting and resource recovery. VNA helps commercial  industrial  healthcare  higher education and municipality customers throughout North America. Headquartered in Boston  Mass.  Veolia North America has more than 7 000 employees working at more than 250 locations across the continent. www.veolianorthamerica.comSOURCE Veolia North America",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.25,0.17,0.57,True,English,"['North America', 'environmental services', 'Veolia', 'combination', 'Suez', 'position', 'delivery', 'CEO Frédéric Van Heems', 'three complementary business activities', 'six new regulated utilities', 'Veolia North America President', 'U.S. water sector', 'additional 6.7 million water customers', 'Antoine Frérot', '67 additional public-private partnerships', 'wind turbine blades', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'current challenging context', '42 million megawatt hours', '47 million metric tons', 'Suez North America', 'hazardous waste collection', '2030 carbon neutrality goals', 'wastewater treatment systems', 'commercial, industrial, healthcare', 'hazardous waste management', 'environmental services sector', 'ecological transformation solutions', 'wastewater treatment company', 'wastewater treatment services', '700,000 drinking water customers', 'energy management services', 'new era', 'carbon emissions', 'resilience goals', 'game-changing solutions', 'private customers', 'existing customers', 'leading company', 'benchmark company', '95 million people', '62 million people', 'wastewater services', 'Veolia Chairman', 'Veolia Environnement', 'energy solutions', 'Veolia Group', 'United States', 'decarbonization offerings', 'resource recovery', 'main areas', 'transformational innovations', 'reuse programs', 'greater sustainability', 'global champion', 'game changer', 'unique enabler', 'reliable partner', 'environmental emergency', 'primary mission', 'vital needs', 'responsible manner', 'sustainable future', 'important milestone', 'essential services', 'vital infrastructure', 'immediate changes', 'smooth transition', 'strong relationships', 'Paris Euronext', 'consolidated revenue', 'full spectrum', 'higher education', 'leading water', 'water reclamation', 'water portfolio', 'two companies', 'enhanced resources', 'natural resources', 'available resources', 'water resources', 'energy efficiency', 'energy consulting', 'reliable disposal', '7,000 people', 'cities', 'municipalities', 'BOSTON', 'PRNewswire', 'VNA', 'subsidiary', 'integration', 'businesses', 'assets', 'Canada', 'completion', 'combination', '10,000 employees', 'recycling', 'strengths', 'country', 'expanded', 'opportunities', 'investments', 'safe', 'materials', 'threat', 'industries', 'creation', 'aim', 'teams', 'populations', 'delivery', 'millions', 'communities', 'skills', 'merger', 'benefits', 'time', 'terms', '250 locations', '179,000 employees', 'access', 'VIE']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,prnewswire.com
1256,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/91960/seba-bank-ag-lists-digital-asset-etps-at-euronext,Seba Bank AG lists digital asset ETPs at Euronext,1 day ago,Source: Seba BankSEBA Bank  a fully integrated  FINMA licensed digital asset banking platform  today announced the listing of their digital asset based Exchange Traded Products (“ETPs”) at Euronext  a leading pan-European market infrastructure company  connecting European economies to global capital markets.SEBA Bank’s current ETP offering consists of single-coin tracker certificates with Bitcoin  Ether and Polkadot as underlying instruments as well as the multi-coin SEBAX® Crypto Asset Select Index  an award winning and industry leading digital assets market index. These products will be listed in USD at Euronext Amsterdam and in EUR at Euronext Paris. Euronext is one of the leading pan-European market infrastructure providers  operating regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed equity issuers and around EUR 6.9 trillion in market capitalisation  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base.Listed at the SIX Swiss Exchange since April 2021  SEBA Bank’s ETPs are designed to provide investors with the most secure and cost-effective means to access digital assets without the associated custody and security challenges. SEBAX® is a unique combination of professional index methodology and bottom-up research and recently won the prestigious “ETP of the year” award for 2021 in Switzerland. SEBA Bank’s in-house research applies the highest standards and complies with the Swiss Bankers Association research guidelines. All digital assets are selected according to a rigorous process which combines quantitative metrics and in-depth qualitative analysis.Gregory Mall  Senior Portfolio Manager at SEBA Bank  said: “Collateralized ETPs are a key development for investing in crypto assets. As an emerging asset class which constantly matures  we see more demand for reliable  easily-accessible and liquid investment vehicles. We believe our products stand out based on the institutional-grade quality  the most competitive pricing in the market and - in the case of the SEBAX® ETP - our innovative index engineering. Listing our products at Euronext will significantly increase our distribution capabilities and marks another step in our mission to provide a secure and cost-effective alternative to dealing with private keys and cryptocurrency exchanges. SEBA Bank set out to build a bridge from traditional banking to the digital world. Our product philosophy and exceptional live performance track record of the SEBAX® Index reflects this ambition.”,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['Seba Bank AG', 'digital asset ETPs', 'Euronext', 'FINMA licensed digital asset banking platform', 'multi-coin SEBAX® Crypto Asset Select Index', 'industry leading digital assets market index', 'exceptional live performance track record', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure company', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure providers', 'Swiss Bankers Association research guidelines', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'emerging asset class', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'professional index methodology', 'innovative index engineering', 'global capital markets', 'single-coin tracker certificates', '2,000 listed equity issuers', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'depth qualitative analysis', 'Senior Portfolio Manager', 'liquid investment vehicles', 'current ETP offering', 'Exchange Traded Products', 'crypto assets', 'SEBAX® Index', 'traditional banking', 'market capitalisation', 'digital world', 'SEBAX® ETP', 'bottom-up research', 'house research', 'prestigious “ETP', 'Seba Bank', 'European economies', 'underlying instruments', 'regulated exchanges', 'cost-effective means', 'associated custody', 'security challenges', 'unique combination', 'highest standards', 'rigorous process', 'quantitative metrics', 'Gregory Mall', 'key development', 'reliable, easily-accessible', 'institutional-grade quality', 'competitive pricing', 'distribution capabilities', 'cost-effective alternative', 'private keys', 'cryptocurrency exchanges', 'product philosophy', 'award winning', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Paris', 'Collateralized ETPs', 'Source', 'integrated', 'listing', 'Bitcoin', 'Ether', 'Polkadot', 'USD', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'April', 'investors', 'secure', 'year', 'Switzerland', 'investing', 'demand', 'case', 'step', 'mission', 'bridge', 'ambition']",2022-03-21,2022-03-22,finextra.com
1257,EuroNext,Google API,https://mondovisione.com/media-and-resources/news/star-conference-2022-the-dedicated-meetings-forum-for-companies-listed-on-euron/,STAR Conference 2022  The Dedicated Meetings Forum For Companies Listed On Euronext STAR Milan  Returns In Person To Palazzo Mezzanotte,7 hours ago,7 hours ago,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.16,0.71,0.13,True,English,"['Dedicated Meetings Forum', 'Euronext STAR Milan', 'STAR Conference', 'Palazzo Mezzanotte', 'Companies', 'Person']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,mondovisione.com
1258,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SESA-S-P-A-8253632/news/SeSa-S-p-A-Participation-at-ldquo-Euronext-STAR-Conference-2022-rdquo-organized-by-Borsa-Italian-39823763/,SeSa S p A : Participation at “Euronext STAR Conference 2022” organized by Borsa Italiana,13 hours ago,"PRESS RELEASEPARTECIPATION AT ""EURONEXT STAR CONFERENCE 2022""ORGANIZED BY BORSA ITALIANAEmpoli (FI)  March 22  2022Sesa (""SESA"" - SES.MI)  reference player in Italy in technological innovation and digital services for the business segment  communicates that today March 22  2022 will meet the financial community at the meeting ""Euronext STAR Conference 2022""  organized by Borsa Italiana Milano at Palazzo Mezzanotte.The related presentation is available on the Company's website www.sesa.it  section ""Investor Relations"".****Sesa S.p.A.  with Headquarters in Empoli (Florence)  is the operating holding company of a Group with presence on the whole Italian territory and foreign countries as Germany  Switzerland  Austria  France  Spain  Romania and China. Sesa Group represents the reference player in Italy in technological innovation and digital services for the business segment  with consolidated revenues of Euro 2 037 million and 3 500 employees as of April 30  2021.Sesa Group has the mission of offering technological solutions  digital services and business applications  to support the digital transformation ad the innovation path of Enterprises and Organizations. Thanks to the skills and specialization of its human resources  Sesa Group operates in the value-added segments of Information Technology  such as Security  Cloud  Managed Services  ERP & Vertical Solutions  Customer Experience  Business Process Management  Digital Platform  Digital Engineering Solutions.Sesa Group operates through four main business Sectors:VAD (Value Added Distribution)  with revenues of about Euro 1 600 million and 425 human resources as of April 30  2021SSI (Software and System Integration)  with revenues of about Euro 480 million and 2 500 human resources as of April 30  2021Business Services  with revenues of about Euro 47 million and 410 human resources as of April 30  2021Corporate  with revenues of about Euro 20 million and 200 human resources as of April 30  2021.Sesa Group pursues the sustainable development strategy for the benefit of all Stakeholders  with a track record in the period 2011- 2021 of continuous growth in employment  revenues (CAGR revenues 2011-2021 +10.6%) and profitability (CAGR Ebitda 2011-2021 +13.9%).Sesa Group strategy of long-term value generation for all stakeholder is based on human resources skill development  environmental sustainability and social responsibility. In Year 2021 Sesa introduced in its corporate bylaw the sustainable growth as Board of Directors priority. Sesa S.p.A. is listed on the Euronext STAR Milan (ISIN Code: IT0004729759).***",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,positive,0.47,0.36,0.17,True,English,"['Euronext STAR Conference', 'SeSa S', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Participation', 'four main business Sectors', 'Sesa S.p.A.', 'human resources skill development', 'EURONEXT STAR CONFERENCE', 'sustainable development strategy', 'Euronext STAR Milan', 'Business Process Management', 'Borsa Italiana Milano', 'long-term value generation', 'Digital Engineering Solutions', 'Sesa Group strategy', '425 human resources', '2,500 human resources', '410 human resources', '200 human resources', 'business segment', 'business applications', 'Business Services', 'sustainable growth', 'technological solutions', 'Vertical Solutions', 'digital services', 'digital transformation', 'Digital Platform', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'SES.MI', 'reference player', 'technological innovation', 'financial community', 'Palazzo Mezzanotte', 'related presentation', 'Investor Relations', 'Italian territory', 'foreign countries', 'innovation path', 'value-added segments', 'Information Technology', 'Managed Services', 'Customer Experience', 'System Integration', 'track record', 'continuous growth', 'CAGR Ebitda', 'environmental sustainability', 'social responsibility', 'corporate bylaw', 'Directors priority', 'ISIN Code', 'holding company', 'CAGR revenues', 'PARTECIPATION', 'Empoli', 'March', 'Italy', 'meeting', 'website', 'section', 'Headquarters', 'Florence', 'operating', 'presence', 'Germany', 'Switzerland', 'Austria', 'France', 'Spain', 'Romania', 'China', 'consolidated', '037 million', '3,500 employees', 'April', 'mission', 'Enterprises', 'Organizations', 'skills', 'specialization', 'Security', 'Cloud', 'VAD', 'Distribution', 'Software', 'benefit', 'Stakeholders', 'period', 'employment', 'profitability', 'Year', 'Board']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,marketscreener.com
1259,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.dutchnews.nl/news/businesswire/argenx-announces-positive-topline-phase-3-data-from-adapt-sc-study-evaluating-subcutaneous-efgartigimod-for-generalized-myasthenia-gravis/,argenx Announces Positive Topline Phase 3 Data From ADAPT-SC Study Evaluating Subcutaneous Efgartigimod for Generalized Myasthenia Gravis,15 hours ago,– Study met primary endpoint  demonstrating noninferior total IgG reduction at day 29 with subcutaneously administered efgartigimod compared to intravenous (IV) administration– Secondary endpoints show clinical improvement consistent with IV administration– Biologics License Application (BLA) on track to be submitted to U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) by end of 2022– argenx to host investor call today at 8:30am ET / 1:30pm CETBREDA  the Netherlands–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Regulatory News:argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced positive topline data from the Phase 3 ADAPT-SC study evaluating subcutaneous (SC) efgartigimod (1000mg efgartigimod-PH20) for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG). SC efgartigimod achieved the primary endpoint of total IgG reduction from baseline at day 29  demonstrating statistical noninferiority to VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) intravenous (IV) formulation in gMG patients. Based on these results  argenx plans to submit a Biologics License Application (BLA) to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) by the end of 2022.SC efgartigimod is co-formulated with recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20 (rHuPH20)  Halozyme’s ENHANZE® drug delivery technology. ENHANZE facilitates subcutaneous injection delivery of biologics that are typically administered via infusion  providing additional treatment options to patients based on individual preferences.“Every person living with gMG experiences the disease in their own way  including how they manage symptoms ” said James F. Howard Jr.  M.D.  Professor of Neurology (Neuromuscular Disease)  Medicine and Allied Health  Department of Neurology  The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Medicine and Principal Investigator for the ADAPT-SC trial. “For many years  patients lacked sufficient treatment options  let alone those that were tailored to their unique needs. These data  along with the recent approval of the intravenous formulation  VYVGART  represent exciting advancements in the management of this debilitating  unpredictable disease by offering patients and physicians the option to select treatment based on individual needs and preferences.”“Our goal is to redefine and deliver targeted treatment options for people living with gMG globally. By listening to the gMG community  we heard the importance of creating optionality and flexibility for patients. The ADAPT-SC results mark another important step toward achieving this  and further support our vision of delivering a broad array of treatment options for gMG ” said Tim Van Hauwermeiren  Chief Executive Officer of argenx. “We’re excited about the potential to deliver two best-in-class options that provide flexibility around route of administration and dosing schedule  and look forward to collaborating with the FDA to bring another innovative treatment option to people living with gMG.”Highlights of Topline ADAPT-SC DataPrimary endpoint of noninferiority was met (p< 0.0001); SC efgartigimod demonstrated mean total IgG reduction of 66.4% from baseline at day 29  compared to 62.2% with VYVGART. Results were consistent across the overall population  including those with acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibodies and patients where AChR antibodies were not detected.Additional key secondary endpoints were met  consistent with clinical efficacy results seen in the VYVGART Phase 3 ADAPT study  including:69.1% of patients treated with SC efgartigimod were responders on the Myasthenia Gravis Activities of Daily Living (MG-ADL) score. Responders are defined as having at least a two-point improvement on the MG-ADL score for at least four consecutive weeks.65.5% of treated patients were responders on the Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis (QMG) score. Responders are defined as having at least a three-point improvement on the QMG score for at least four consecutive weeks.Onset of effect and minimal symptom expression (defined as MG-ADL score of 0 or 1) were also consistent with ADAPT.SC efgartigimod demonstrated a safety profile consistent with the Phase 3 ADAPT study. It was generally well-tolerated; the most frequent adverse event being injection site reactions (ISRs)  commonly observed with biologics administered subcutaneously. All ISRs were mild to moderate and resolved over time.Detailed data from the ADAPT-SC trial will be submitted for presentation at a future medical meeting.Phase 3 ADAPT-SC Trial DesignThe Phase 3 ADAPT-SC trial was a randomized  open-label  parallel-group  multicenter trial evaluating the noninferiority of the pharmacodynamic (PD) effect of SC efgartigimod (1000mg efgartigimod-PH20) as compared with IV efgartigimod (10mg/kg) in patients with gMG. The pharmacodynamic effect as measured by percent change from baseline in total IgG levels at day 29  one week after the last dose of IV or SC efgartigimod  served as the primary endpoint in the ADAPT-SC trial. The correlation between total IgG reduction and clinical benefit in gMG was demonstrated in a Phase 2 and the Phase 3 ADAPT trial  which served as the basis for approval of VYVGART in the U.S. and Japan. Safety  clinical efficacy  immunogenicity and pharmacokinetics (PK) were also assessed.A total of 110 adult patients with gMG in North America  Europe and Japan enrolled in the ADAPT-SC trial and were treated. Inclusion criteria of the trial were the same as the Phase 3 ADAPT trial of VYVGART; enrolled patients had a confirmed gMG diagnosis and an MG-ADL total score of at least 5 with greater than 50% of the total score attributed to non-ocular symptoms  at screening and baseline. Patients were on a stable dose of at least one gMG treatment prior to randomization  including acetylcholinesterase inhibitors  corticosteroids or nonsteroidal immunosuppressive drugs  and were required to remain on that stable dose throughout the primary trial.Patients were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive SC efgartigimod or IV efgartigimod for one treatment cycle consisting of four doses at weekly intervals. The total study duration was approximately 12 weeks  including seven weeks of follow-up after the treatment cycle.Conference Call and WebcastA webcast of the live call may be accessed on the Investors section of the argenx website at argenx.com/investors. A replay of the webcast will be available on the argenx website for approximately one year following the call.Dial-in numbers:Please dial in 15 minutes prior to the live call.Belgium32 800 50 201France33 800 943355Netherlands31 20 795 1090United Kingdom44 800 358 0970United States1 888 415 4250Japan81 3 4578 9752Switzerland41 43 210 11 32See the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART in the U.S.  which includes the below Important Safety Information. For more information related to VYVGART in Japan  visit argenx.jp.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) intravenous (IV) formulation (U.S. PRESCRIBING INFORMATION)What is VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab)?VYVGART is a prescription medicine used to treat a condition called generalized myasthenia gravis  which causes muscles to tire and weaken easily throughout the body  in adults who are positive for antibodies directed toward a protein called acetylcholine receptor (anti-AChR antibody positive).What is the most important information I should know about VYVGART?VYVGART may cause serious side effects  including:Infection. VYVGART may increase the risk of infection. In a clinical study  the most common infections were urinary tract and respiratory tract infections. More patients on VYVGART vs placebo had below normal levels for white blood cell counts  lymphocyte counts  and neutrophil counts. The majority of infections and blood side effects were mild to moderate in severity. Your health care provider should check you for infections before starting treatment  during treatment  and after treatment with VYVGART. Tell your health care provider if you have any history of infections. Tell your health care provider right away if you have signs or symptoms of an infection during treatment with VYVGART such as fever  chills  frequent and/or painful urination  cough  pain and blockage of nasal passages/sinus  wheezing  shortness of breath  fatigue  sore throat  excess phlegm  nasal discharge  back pain  and/or chest pain.Undesirable immune reactions (hypersensitivity reactions). VYVGART can cause the immune system to have undesirable reactions such as rashes  swelling under the skin  and shortness of breath. In clinical studies  the reactions were mild or moderate and occurred within 1 hour to 3 weeks of administration  and the reactions did not lead to VYVGART discontinuation. Your health care provider should monitor you during and after treatment and discontinue VYVGART if needed. Tell your health care provider immediately about any undesirable reactions.Before taking VYVGART  tell your health care provider about all of your medical conditions  including if you:Have a history of infection or you think you have an infection.Have received or are scheduled to receive a vaccine (immunization). Discuss with your health care provider whether you need to receive age-appropriate immunizations before initiation of a new treatment cycle with VYVGART. The use of vaccines during VYVGART treatment has not been studied  and the safety with live or live-attenuated vaccines is unknown. Administration of live or live-attenuated vaccines is not recommended during treatment with VYVGART.Are pregnant or plan to become pregnant and are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed.Tell your health care provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the-counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.What are the common side effects of VYVGART?The most common side effects of VYVGART are respiratory tract infection  headache  and urinary tract infection.These are not all the possible side effects of VYVGART. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You may report side effects to the US Food and Drug Administration at 1-800-FDA-1088.Please see the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART and talk to your doctor.About Generalized Myasthenia GravisMG is a rare and chronic autoimmune disease where IgG antibodies disrupt communication between nerves and muscles  causing debilitating and potentially life-threatening muscle weakness. More than 85% of people with MG progress to generalized MG (gMG) within 18 months  where muscles throughout the body may be affected  resulting in extreme fatigue and difficulties with facial expression  speech  swallowing and mobility. In more life-threatening cases  MG can affect the muscles responsible for breathing. Patients with confirmed AChR antibodies account for 80-90% of the total gMG population.About EfgartigimodEfgartigimod is an antibody fragment designed to reduce pathogenic immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies by binding to the neonatal Fc receptor and blocking the IgG recycling process. Efgartigimod is being investigated in several autoimmune diseases known to be mediated by disease-causing IgG antibodies  including neuromuscular disorders  blood disorders  and skin blistering diseases  in both an intravenous and subcutaneous (SC) formulation. SC efgartigimod is co-formulated with recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20 (rHuPH20)  Halozyme’s ENHANZE® drug delivery technology.About VYVGART®VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) is a human IgG1 antibody fragment that binds to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)  resulting in the reduction of circulating immunoglobulin G (IgG) autoantibodies. It is the first and only approved FcRn blocker. VYVGART is approved in the United States for the treatment of adults with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive and in Japan for the treatment of adults with gMG who do not have sufficient response to steroids or non-steroidal immunosuppressive therapies (ISTs).About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and-only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S. and Japan. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.Forward-Looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes ” “estimates ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will” or “should” and include statements argenx makes concerning the expected benefits of subcutaneous (SC) efgartigimod (1000mg efgartigimod-PH20) for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) and the market acceptance thereof. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.ContactsMedia:Kelsey Kirkkkirk@argenx.comJoke Comijnjcomijn@argenx.comInvestors:Beth DelGiaccobdelgiacco@argenx.comMichelle Greenblattmgreenblatt@argenx.com,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.31,0.18,0.51,True,English,"['Positive Topline Phase 3 Data', 'Generalized Myasthenia Gravis', 'ADAPT-SC Study', 'Subcutaneous Efgartigimod', 'argenx', 'randomized, open-label, parallel-group, multicenter trial', 'recombinant human hyaluronidase PH20', 'James F. Howard Jr.', 'noninferior total IgG reduction', 'Additional key secondary endpoints', 'ENHANZE® drug delivery technology', 'VYVGART Phase 3 ADAPT study', 'subcutaneous injection delivery', 'total IgG levels', 'U.S. Food', 'global immunology company', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'generalized myasthenia gravis', 'Chapel Hill School', 'Tim Van Hauwermeiren', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Myasthenia Gravis Activities', 'four consecutive weeks', 'Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis', 'minimal symptom expression', 'frequent adverse event', 'injection site reactions', 'future medical meeting', 'ADAPT-SC Trial Design', 'additional treatment options', 'Phase 3 ADAPT-SC trial', 'positive topline data', 'Phase 3 ADAPT-SC study', 'Biologics License Application', 'debilitating, unpredictable disease', 'sufficient treatment options', 'targeted treatment options', 'Topline ADAPT-SC Data', 'pharmacodynamic (PD) effect', 'intravenous (IV) formulation', 'innovative treatment option', 'subcutaneous (SC) efgartigimod', 'The ADAPT-SC results', 'clinical efficacy results', 'intravenous (IV) administration', 'intravenous formulation', 'Drug Administration', 'class options', 'The University', 'pharmacodynamic effect', 'Detailed data', 'IV administration', 'IV efgartigimod', 'SC efgartigimod', 'primary endpoint', 'clinical improvement', 'investor call', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', '1000mg efgartigimod-PH', 'efgartigimod alfa-fcab', 'M.D.', 'Neuromuscular Disease', 'Allied Health', 'North Carolina', 'Principal Investigator', 'many years', 'unique needs', 'recent approval', 'exciting advancements', 'individual needs', 'important step', 'broad array', 'dosing schedule', 'overall population', 'acetylcholine receptor', 'AChR) antibodies', 'AChR antibodies', 'Daily Living', 'two-point improvement', 'three-point improvement', 'safety profile', 'percent change', 'last dose', 'MG-ADL) score', 'MG-ADL score', 'individual preferences', 'statistical noninferiority', 'QMG score', 'argenx SE', 'gMG community', 'gMG patients', 'VYVGART®', 'day', 'BLA', 'track', 'FDA', '8:30am', 'BREDA', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'baseline', 'rHuPH', 'Halozyme', 'infusion', 'person', 'way', 'symptoms', 'Professor', 'Neurology', 'Medicine', 'Department', 'management', 'physicians', 'goal', 'importance', 'optionality', 'flexibility', 'vision', 'potential', 'route', 'Highlights', 'responders', 'Onset', 'ISRs', 'time', 'presentation', 'correlation', '1:30', '2022']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,dutchnews.nl
1260,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220322006046/en/Technip-Energies-Announces-Launch-of-Share-Buy-Back-Program,Technip Energies Announces Launch of Share Buy-Back Program,3 hours ago,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) (the “Company”)  a leading Engineering & Technology company for the Energy Transition  today announces the launch of a share buy-back program of up to 29 850 000 euros to be executed until December 31  2022 following the publication of this press release. The share buy-back program will be carried out in accordance with the authorisation of the Boards of Directors and the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014  Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 and Rule 10b5-1(c) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended).The Company intends to carry out the buy-back program  and hold the shares bought back as treasury stock  for the purpose of meeting the Company’s obligations under equity incentive plans.As of March 22  2022  the Company holds approximately 3 million treasury shares  representing approximately 1.7 percent of its issued share capital.The Company will appoint one broker to execute the share buy-back program in accordance with all applicable regulations. The broker will make their decisions relating to the purchase of Company shares independently  including with respect to the timing of any purchases  and all purchases effected will be in compliance with daily limits on prices and volumes.The maximum number of shares that could be acquired under the program for 29 850 000 euros would be 2 700 000 shares  which represents approximately 1.5 percent of the Company’s issued share capital. Purchases of shares will be made on the regulated market of Euronext Paris.The price paid for any share purchased pursuant to the share buy-back program shall be subject to a maximum of the greater of (i) the price of the last independent trade and (ii) the highest current independent purchase bid on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  and all other terms and conditions that may be agreed with the broker.The actual timing  number and value of Company shares repurchased under the share buy-back program will depend on a number of factors  including market conditions  general business conditions and applicable legal requirements. The Company is not obligated to carry out the share buy-back program  and  if commenced  the share buy- back program may be suspended and discontinued at any time  for any reason and without previous notice  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.The share buy-back program implements the authorization granted by the Company’s sole shareholder prior to the listing of the Company on February 15  2021 to repurchase shares in accordance with the authorisation of the Board of Directors.The Company will announce details of any share purchases effected pursuant to the share buy-back program  as required by applicable laws and regulations. The costs that the Company may incur in connection with the purchase of the shares pursuant to the share buy-back program will depend on the price and the terms on which actual purchases are made.About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO2 management. The company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 34 countries  our 15 000 people are fully committed to bringing our client’s innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies shares are listed on Euronext Paris. In addition  Technip Energies has a Level 1 sponsored American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”) program  with its ADRs trading over-the-counter. For further information: www.technipenergies.com.Forward-looking statementsThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements usually relate to future events and anticipated revenues  earnings  cash flows or other aspects of Technip Energies’ operations or operating results. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words “believe ” “expect ” “anticipate ” “plan ” “intend ” “foresee ” “should ” “would ” “could ” “may ” “estimate ” “outlook ” and similar expressions  including the negative thereof. The absence of these words  however  does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on Technip Energies’ current expectations  beliefs and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on Technip Energies. While Technip Energies believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made  there can be no assurance that future developments affecting Technip Energies will be those that Technip Energies anticipates.All of Technip Energies’ forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties (some of which are significant or beyond Technip Energies’ control) and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from Technip Energies’ historical experience and Technip Energies’ present expectations or projections. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.For information regarding known material factors that could cause actual results to differ from projected results  please see Technip Energies’ risk factors set forth in Technip Energies’ filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  which include amendment no. 4 to Technip Energies’ registration statement on Form F-1 filed on February 11  2021.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. Technip Energies undertakes no duty to and will not necessarily update any of the forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events  except to the extent required by applicable law.DisclaimersThis release is intended for informational purposes only for the shareholders of Technip Energies. This press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. This press release is not intended for distribution in jurisdictions that require prior regulatory review and authorization to distribute a press release of this nature.The Shares have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  and may not be offered or sold  directly or indirectly  within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons  absent registration or an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There will be no public offer of the Shares in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. The Shares are being offered outside the United States in transactions that are not subject to the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) to persons other than US persons (within the meaning of Regulation S) and in the United States to ""qualified institutional buyers"" (“QIBs”) pursuant to an exemption from  or in transactions not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act.",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,negative,0.04,0.27,0.69,True,English,"['Share Buy-Back Program', 'Technip Energies', 'Launch', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'United States Securities Exchange Act', 'highest current independent purchase bid', 'United States Securities Act', 'robust project delivery model', 'share buy- back program', 'last independent trade', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'equity incentive plans', 'Liquefied Natural Gas', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'share buy-back program', 'applicable legal requirements', 'growing market positions', 'general business conditions', 'Technip Energies’ operations', '3 million treasury shares', 'Technip Energies shares', 'current expectations', 'share capital', 'treasury stock', 'leadership positions', 'regulated market', 'market conditions', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'applicable laws', 'share purchases', 'Regulatory News', 'leading Engineering', 'Energy Transition', 'press release', 'daily limits', 'previous notice', 'sole shareholder', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO2 management', 'extensive technology', 'services offering', 'innovative projects', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'future events', 'cash flows', 'other aspects', 'operating results', 'similar expressions', 'future developments', 'potential effect', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Euronext Paris', 'applicable regulations', 'Technology company', 'The Company', 'other terms', 'actual timing', 'green hydrogen', 'actual purchases', 'one broker', 'Company shares', 'maximum number', '2,700,000 shares', 'launch', '29,850,000 euros', 'December', 'publication', 'accordance', 'authorisation', 'Boards', 'Directors', 'provisions', 'Rule', 'purpose', 'obligations', 'March', '1.7 percent', 'decisions', 'respect', 'compliance', 'prices', 'volumes', '1.5 percent', 'value', 'factors', 'time', 'reason', 'authorization', 'listing', 'February', 'details', 'costs', 'connection', 'LNG', 'ethylene', 'blue', 'products', '34 countries', '15,000 people', 'client', 'life', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'addition', 'Level 1', 'ADRs', 'counter', 'information', 'technipenergies', 'revenues', 'earnings', 'words', 'outlook', 'absence', 'beliefs', 'assumptions', 'assurance']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,businesswire.com
1261,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/argenx-announces-launch-proposed-global-201500274.html,argenx announces launch of proposed global offering,Inside information March 22  2022 Breda  the Netherlands — argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases ,argenx SERegulated information — Inside informationMarch 22  2022Breda  the Netherlands — argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  announced today that it has commenced a global offering of $500 million (approximately €453 million) of ordinary shares  which may be represented by American Depository Shares (“ADSs”). The global offering will be comprised of an offering of ordinary shares represented by ADSs in the United States and certain other countries outside of the European Economic Area and a simultaneous private placement of ordinary shares in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom. Each of the ADSs represents the right to receive one ordinary share  nominal value of €0.10 per share. The U.S. offering and the European private placement are expected to close simultaneously.In addition  argenx intends to grant the underwriters of the offering a 30-day option to purchase additional ordinary shares (which may be represented by ADSs) in an aggregate amount of up to 15% of the total number of ordinary shares (including represented by ADSs) proposed to be sold in the offering  on the same terms and conditions.Baillie Gifford Overseas Limited and entities affiliated with it have indicated an interest in purchasing on behalf of their clients an aggregate of up to $170.0 million of ordinary shares in the offering at the offering price per share and on the same terms as the other purchasers in the offering. However  because indications of interest are not binding agreements or commitments to purchase  the underwriters could determine to sell more  fewer or no ordinary shares to these potential purchasers  and these potential purchasers could determine to purchase more  fewer or no shares in the offering.argenx’s ADSs are currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “ARGX” and argenx’s ordinary shares are currently listed on Euronext Brussels under the symbol “ARGX”.Story continuesJ.P. Morgan  Morgan Stanley  Cowen and SVB Leerink are acting as joint bookrunning managers for the offering.The securities are being offered in the United States pursuant to an automatically effective shelf registration statement that was previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). A preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the securities being offered in the United States will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.When available  copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to these securities being offered in the United States may be obtained for free from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC  c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions  1155 Long Island Avenue  Edgewood  NY 11717  or by telephone at (866) 803-9204  or by email at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC  180 Varick Street  2nd Floor  New York  NY 10014  Attn: Prospectus Department  by email at prospectus@morganstanley.com  or by telephone at (866) 718-1649; from Cowen and Company  LLC  c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions  1155 Long Island Avenue  Edgewood  NY 11717  Attn: Prospectus Department  by email at PostSaleManualRequests@broadridge.com  or by telephone at (833) 297-2926.; or from SVB Securities LLC  Attn: Syndicate Department  53 State Street  40th Floor  Boston  Massachusetts 02109  by telephone at 1-800-808-7525  ext. 6105  or by email at syndicate@svbleerink.com.A request for the admission to listing and trading of the ordinary shares (including the ordinary shares underlying the ADSs) on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels will be made following pricing of the offering.This press release is for information purposes only and does not constitute  and should not be construed as  an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to any securities  nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale is not permitted or to any person or entity to whom it is unlawful to make such offer  solicitation or sale. Reference is also made to the restrictions set out in “Important information” below. This press release is not for publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into any state or jurisdiction into which doing so would be unlawful or where a prior registration or approval is required for such purpose.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and-only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S. and Japan. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises.For further information  please contact:Media:Kelsey Kirkkkirk@argenx.comJoke Comijn (EU)jcomijn@argenx.comInvestors:Beth DelGiaccobdelgiacco@argenx.comMichelle Greenblattmgreenblatt@argenx.comForward-looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes ” “estimates ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will ” or “should ” and include statements argenx makes concerning the completion  timing and size of the proposed global offering and its expectations with respect to granting the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase additional ordinary shares (which may be represented by ADSs). By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors  including the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting economic conditions will have on argenx’s operations and business; argenx’s expectations regarding the inherent uncertainties associated with competitive developments  preclinical and clinical trial and product development activities  regulatory approval requirements and commercialization of its products; argenx’s reliance on collaborations with third parties; estimating the commercial potential of argenx’s product candidates; argenx’s ability to obtain and maintain protection of intellectual property for its technologies and drugs; argenx’s limited operating history; and argenx’s ability to obtain additional funding for operations and to complete the development and commercialization of its product candidates. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Important informationThis announcement is not an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation and has not been approved by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten) or the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit Financiële Diensten en Markten) or any other European Supervisory Authority.No public offering will be made and no one has taken any action that would  or is intended to  permit a public offering in any country or jurisdiction  other than the United States  where any such action is required  including in the European Economic Area. In the European Economic Area  the offering to which this press release relates will only be available to  and will be engaged in only with  qualified investors within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.European Economic Area:No action has been or will be taken to offer the ordinary shares to a retail investor established in the European Economic Area as part of the global offering. For the purposes of this paragraph:a. The expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of:i. a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  “MiFID II”); or ii. a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU  as amended  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or iii. not a “qualified investor” as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; andb. the expression “offer” means any communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe these securities.In addition  in the United Kingdom  the transaction to which this press release relates will only be available to  and will be engaged in only with persons who are “qualified investors” (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK Prospectus Regulation) (i) who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the Order)  and/or (ii) who are high net worth companies (or persons to whom it may otherwise be lawfully communicated) falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this communication or any of its contents.StabilizationIn connection with the offering  J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (the “Stabilization Manager”)  or any of its agents  on behalf of the underwriters may (but will be under no obligation to)  to the extent permitted by applicable law  over-allot ordinary shares or ADSs or effect other transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the ordinary shares or ADSs at a higher level than that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. The Stabilization Manager is not required to enter into such transactions and such transactions may be effected on any securities market  over-the-counter market  stock exchange (including Euronext Brussels) or otherwise and may be undertaken at any time starting on the first trading date and ending no later than 30 calendar days thereafter.However  there will be no obligation on the Stabilization Manager or any of its agents to effect stabilizing transactions and there is no assurance that stabilizing transactions will be undertaken. Such stabilization  if commenced  may be discontinued at any time without prior notice. Save as required by law or regulation  neither the Stabilization Manager nor any of its agents intends to disclose the extent of any over-allotments made and/or stabilization transactions under the offering.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.16,0.28,0.57,True,English,"['global offering', 'argenx', 'launch', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'Baillie Gifford Overseas Limited', 'J.P. Morgan Securities LLC', 'effective shelf registration statement', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'The U.S. offering', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'European Economic Area', 'simultaneous private placement', 'European private placement', 'joint bookrunning managers', '1155 Long Island Avenue', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'Broadridge Financial Solutions', 'American Depository Shares', 'preliminary prospectus supplement', 'global immunology company', 'additional ordinary shares', 'SVB Securities LLC', 'one ordinary share', 'The Company', 'Morgan Stanley', 'regulated market', 'prior registration', 'Co. LLC', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'SVB Leerink', 'global offering', 'United States', 'other countries', 'United Kingdom', 'nominal value', '30-day option', 'total number', 'same terms', 'other purchasers', 'binding agreements', 'potential purchasers', 'Exchange Commission', 'accompanying prospectus', '180 Varick Street', '2nd Floor', 'New York', 'Prospectus Department', '40th Floor', 'press release', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'Regulated information', 'information purposes', 'Important information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'aggregate amount', 'offering price', 'Syndicate Department', '53 State Street', 'argenx SE', 'March', 'Breda', 'Netherlands', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'ADSs', 'right', 'underwriters', 'conditions', 'entities', 'interest', 'behalf', 'clients', 'indications', 'commitments', 'fewer', 'symbol', 'Story', 'Cowen', 'website', 'copies', 'Edgewood', 'telephone', 'email', 'eq_fi', 'jpmchase', 'Attn', 'morganstanley', 'PostSaleManualRequests', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'svbleerink', 'admission', 'listing', 'trading', 'pricing', 'solicitation', 'jurisdiction', 'person', 'entity', 'Reference', 'restrictions', 'publication', 'distribution', 'approval', 'IIP', 'Japan', 'efgartigimod']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,finance.yahoo.com
1262,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-u-s-shareholders-tax-reporting-information-834692869.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited U.S. Shareholders Tax Reporting Information,Tetragon will provide to self-identified U.S. shareholders of Tetragon for the 2021 calendar year  on a confidential basis only ,LONDON  March 22  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon will provide to self-identified U.S. shareholders of Tetragon for the 2021 calendar year  on a confidential basis only  information necessary for such a shareholder to satisfy its U.S. federal income tax filing obligations  including such information necessary to make qualified electing fund (QEF) elections under the U.S. tax rules for Passive Foreign Investment Companies (PFICs).Any such shareholders who wish to receive this confidential information should provide their contact details to Tetragon's Investor Relations department at the contact details below.Tetragon will use reasonable efforts to provide information with respect to underlying portfolio companies that it has reasonably determined to be PFICs. Although estimates of such underlying PFIC information may be provided earlier  Tetragon may not be able to provide actual underlying PFIC information in advance of the 15 April tax return deadline applicable to most individual U.S. taxpayers  and so such shareholders may wish to request an extension of their tax filing deadline. In addition  Tetragon will not accept any liability for the accuracy or completeness of any such provided information.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a closed-ended investment company that invests in a broad range of assets  including public and private equities and credit (including distressed securities and structured credit)  convertible bonds  real estate  venture capital  infrastructure  bank loans and TFG Asset Management  a diversified alternative asset management business. Where appropriate  through TFG Asset Management  Tetragon seeks to own all  or a portion  of asset management companies with which it invests in order to enhance the returns achieved on its capital. Tetragon's investment objective is to generate distributable income and capital appreciation. It aims to provide stable returns to investors across various credit  equity  interest rate  inflation and real estate cycles. The company's non-voting shares are traded on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and on the Specialist Fund Segment of the main market of the London Stock Exchange. For more information please visit the company's website at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon: Press Inquiries:Yuko Thomas Prosek PartnersInvestor Relations Pro-tetragon@prosek.comir@tetragoninv.comUnited StatesUnited KingdomRyan FitzGibbon Remy Marin Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell+1 646 818 9298 +1 646 818 9234 +44 7717 281 665 +44 7940 166 251This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.03,0.26,0.71,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited U.S. Shareholders Tax Reporting Information', 'Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell', 'U.S. federal income tax filing obligations', 'most individual U.S. taxpayers', 'diversified alternative asset management business', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'U.S. tax rules', '15 April tax return deadline', 'self-identified U.S. shareholders', 'Passive Foreign Investment Companies', 'Yuko Thomas Prosek Partners', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'tax filing deadline', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'actual underlying PFIC information', 'U.S. persons', 'asset management companies', 'TFG Asset Management', 'underlying portfolio companies', 'collective investment scheme', 'qualified electing fund', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Investor Relations department', 'real estate cycles', 'London Stock Exchange', 'distributable income', 'investment objective', '2021 calendar year', 'confidential basis', 'QEF) elections', 'contact details', 'reasonable efforts', 'broad range', 'private equities', 'convertible bonds', 'bank loans', 'interest rate', 'voting shares', 'regulated market', 'main market', 'Press Inquiries', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'Netherlands Authority', 'confidential information', 'distressed securities', 'venture capital', 'capital appreciation', 'public register', 'structured credit', 'stable returns', 'public offer', 'PRNewswire', 'PFICs', 'respect', 'estimates', 'advance', 'extension', 'addition', 'liability', 'accuracy', 'completeness', 'assets', 'infrastructure', 'portion', 'order', 'investors', 'equity', 'inflation', 'website', 'tetragoninv', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,prnewswire.co.uk
1263,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.dgap.de/dgap/News/uk_regulatory/dalata-hotel-group-plc-annual-financial-report/?newsID=1537469,Dalata Hotel Group PLC: Annual Financial Report,"DAL. Dublin and London  22 March 2022 \| Dalata Hotel Group plc (""Dalata"" or the ""Group"")  the largest hotel operator in Ireland with a growi","Dalata Hotel Group PLC (DAL DHG)Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Annual Financial Report ISE: DHG LSE: DAL Dublin and London  22 March 2022 | Dalata Hotel Group plc (""Dalata"" or the ""Group"")  the largest hotel operator in Ireland with a growing presence in the United Kingdom  announces that the Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (ESEF compliant format) is available from today on the Company's website  and may be viewed and downloaded online at: https://dalatahotelgroup.com/sites/dalata-hotel/files/Annual_report_2021.pdf The Annual Report will be submitted to Euronext Dublin and the UK National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at Company Announcements Office Euronext Dublin Exchange Buildings  Foster Place  Dublin 2 Tel: 00353 (0)1 6174200 and at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism The Annual Report will be posted to shareholders who have elected to receive them and will also be available from the Company Secretary at the Company's registered office. ENDs Contacts Dalata Hotel Group plc Sean McKeon  Company Secretary and Head of Risk and Compliance T: +353 1 206 9400 E: smckeon@dalatahotelgroup.com About Dalata Dalata Hotel Group plc was founded in August 2007 and listed as a plc in March 2014. Dalata is Ireland's largest hotel operator  with a growing presence in the UK and continental Europe. The Group's portfolio comprises 47 three and four-star hotels with 10 201 rooms and a pipeline of over 2 000 rooms. The Group currently has 29 owned hotels  15 leased hotels and three management contracts. Dalata successfully operate Ireland's two largest hotel brands  the Clayton and the Maldron Hotels. For the year ended 31 December 2021  Dalata reported revenue of €192.0 million and a loss after tax of €6.3 million. Dalata is listed on the Main Market of Euronext Dublin (DHG) and the London Stock Exchange (DAL). For further information visit: www.dalatahotelgroup.com",neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,negative,0.03,0.33,0.64,True,English,"['Dalata Hotel Group PLC', 'Annual Financial Report', 'Company Announcements Office Euronext Dublin Exchange Buildings', 'Dalata Dalata Hotel Group plc', 'two largest hotel brands', 'UK National Storage Mechanism', 'Annual Financial Report ISE', 'largest hotel operator', 'London Stock Exchange', 'ESEF compliant format', 'three management contracts', 'registered office', 'EQS Group', 'Annual Report', 'Financial Statements', 'The Group', 'Company Secretary', 'DAL Dublin', 'growing presence', 'United Kingdom', 'Foster Place', 'fca.org', 'ENDs Contacts', 'Sean McKeon', 'continental Europe', 'four-star hotels', '29 owned hotels', '15 leased hotels', 'Maldron Hotels', 'Main Market', 'Regulatory Announcement', 'DHG LSE', '47 three', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', '22 March', 'Ireland', 'year', 'today', 'website', 'dalatahotelgroup', 'dalata-hotel', 'Annual_report', 'inspection', 'data', 'nationalstoragemechanism', 'shareholders', 'Head', 'Risk', 'Compliance', 'smckeon', 'August', 'portfolio', '10,201 rooms', 'pipeline', '2,000 rooms', 'Clayton', 'revenue', 'loss', 'tax', 'information']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,dgap.de
1264,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@infosetnews @b_beaudet @_StopWarming @berto_ia @beepAVsolutions Fwrd: euronext_tech_leader   dbarel  j_osborn  Board_ree  😘,nan,@infosetnews @b_beaudet @_StopWarming @berto_ia @beepAVsolutions Fwrd: euronext_tech_leader   dbarel  j_osborn  Board_ree  😘,neutral,0.18,0.72,0.1,neutral,0.18,0.72,0.1,True,English,"['beepAVsolutions Fwrd', 'infosetnews', 'StopWarming', 'berto_ia', 'euronext_tech_leader', 'dbarel', 'j_osborn', 'Board_ree', 'beepAVsolutions Fwrd', 'infosetnews', 'StopWarming', 'berto_ia', 'euronext_tech_leader', 'dbarel', 'j_osborn', 'Board_ree']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1265,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,SEBA to list digital asset ETPs on Euronext https://t.co/s7iRBnXwKG #trading,nan,SEBA to list digital asset ETPs on Euronext https://t.co/s7iRBnXwKG #trading,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['digital asset ETPs', 'SEBA', 'Euronext', 's7iRBnXwKG', 'digital asset ETPs', 'SEBA', 'Euronext', 's7iRBnXwKG']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1266,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,https://t.co/hU7AqvFcWLVEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON)  (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) a leading global provider of connecti… https://t.co/OGpljWLZco,nan,https://t.co/hU7AqvFcWLVEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON)  (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) a leading global provider of connecti… https://t.co/OGpljWLZco,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['leading global provider', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'VEON Ltd', 'hU7AqvFcWL', 'NASDAQ', 'OGpljWLZco', 'leading global provider', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'VEON Ltd', 'hU7AqvFcWL', 'NASDAQ', 'OGpljWLZco']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1267,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,So is Euronext technically ready for four-digit #rapeseed prices?Asking for a friend,nan,So is Euronext technically ready for four-digit #rapeseed prices?Asking for a friend,neutral,0.17,0.76,0.07,neutral,0.17,0.76,0.07,True,English,"['four-digit #rapeseed prices', 'Euronext', 'friend', 'four-digit #rapeseed prices', 'Euronext', 'friend']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1268,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@LRaisone Euronext 😉,nan,@LRaisone Euronext 😉,neutral,0.4,0.54,0.06,neutral,0.4,0.54,0.06,True,English,"['LRaisone Euronext', 'LRaisone Euronext']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1269,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,STAR Conference 2022  The Dedicated Meetings Forum For Companies Listed On Euronext STAR Milan  Returns In Person T… https://t.co/fnjDIgkFYx,nan,STAR Conference 2022  The Dedicated Meetings Forum For Companies Listed On Euronext STAR Milan  Returns In Person T… https://t.co/fnjDIgkFYx,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Dedicated Meetings Forum', 'Euronext STAR Milan', 'STAR Conference', 'Companies', 'Person', 'fnjDIgkFYx', 'Dedicated Meetings Forum', 'Euronext STAR Milan', 'STAR Conference', 'Companies', 'Person', 'fnjDIgkFYx']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1270,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,UPERGY#ALUPG #EURONEXT #TRADING #PROREALTIME https://t.co/snN0t1yG6k,nan,UPERGY#ALUPG #EURONEXT #TRADING #PROREALTIME https://t.co/snN0t1yG6k,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['UPERGY', 'EURONEXT', 'TRADING', 'PROREALTIME', 'UPERGY', 'EURONEXT', 'TRADING', 'PROREALTIME']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1271,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Sanofi moves forward with #Euroapi listing on Euronext Paris - https://t.co/jH3EgmxMXe,nan,#Sanofi moves forward with #Euroapi listing on Euronext Paris - https://t.co/jH3EgmxMXe,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Euronext Paris', 'jH3EgmxMXe', 'Euronext Paris', 'jH3EgmxMXe']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1272,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext lists SEBA Bank’s digital asset-based Exchange Traded Products  Asset Servicing Times… https://t.co/csz1rG6F5V,nan,Euronext lists SEBA Bank’s digital asset-based Exchange Traded Products  Asset Servicing Times… https://t.co/csz1rG6F5V,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['digital asset-based Exchange Traded Products', 'Asset Servicing Times', 'SEBA Bank', 'Euronext', 'csz1rG6F5V', 'digital asset-based Exchange Traded Products', 'Asset Servicing Times', 'SEBA Bank', 'Euronext', 'csz1rG6F5V']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1273,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Why The Stock Markets Are Really Shrinking https://t.co/tuCpS0Vm1O #bloomberg #cnbc #euronext #financialtimes #nyse… https://t.co/T5kRtnbkQB,nan,Why The Stock Markets Are Really Shrinking https://t.co/tuCpS0Vm1O #bloomberg #cnbc #euronext #financialtimes #nyse… https://t.co/T5kRtnbkQB,negative,0.03,0.47,0.5,negative,0.03,0.47,0.5,True,English,"['The Stock Markets', 'tuCpS0Vm1O', 'bloomberg', 'cnbc', 'euronext', 'financialtimes', 'T5kRtnbkQB', 'The Stock Markets', 'tuCpS0Vm1O', 'bloomberg', 'cnbc', 'euronext', 'financialtimes', 'T5kRtnbkQB']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
1274,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,We are excited to have Dirk Donker  Head of Euronext retail Services at @euronext  speaking at the Panel Discussion… https://t.co/95kr1U9A0b,nan,We are excited to have Dirk Donker  Head of Euronext retail Services at @euronext  speaking at the Panel Discussion… https://t.co/95kr1U9A0b,neutral,0.19,0.79,0.01,neutral,0.19,0.79,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext retail Services', 'Dirk Donker', 'Panel Discussion', 'Head', 'Euronext retail Services', 'Dirk Donker', 'Panel Discussion', 'Head']",2022-03-22,2022-03-22,Unknown
