UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
21525,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,A great visit to @TPGallery today to see the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023 – Exhibition and the… https://t.co/YwatSL5JUA,nan,A great visit to @TPGallery today to see the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023 – Exhibition and the… https://t.co/YwatSL5JUA,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'great visit', 'Exhibition', 'YwatSL5JUA', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'great visit', 'Exhibition', 'YwatSL5JUA']",2023-03-29,2023-04-04,Unknown
21654,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Join us tonight at 6.30pm for a curator tour of the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition  as part… https://t.co/3UbOkNObr6,nan,Join us tonight at 6.30pm for a curator tour of the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition  as part… https://t.co/3UbOkNObr6,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition', 'curator tour', '6.30pm', 'part', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition', 'curator tour', '6.30pm', 'part']",2023-03-30,2023-04-04,Unknown
21772,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream and VERMEG are pleased to jointly host the upcoming European Collateral Roadshows ‘Get ready to leverag… https://t.co/uc3Jd9RgjG,nan,Clearstream and VERMEG are pleased to jointly host the upcoming European Collateral Roadshows ‘Get ready to leverag… https://t.co/uc3Jd9RgjG,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['upcoming European Collateral Roadshows', 'Clearstream', 'VERMEG', 'uc3Jd9RgjG', 'upcoming European Collateral Roadshows', 'Clearstream', 'VERMEG', 'uc3Jd9RgjG']",2023-03-31,2023-04-04,Unknown
21773,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,The QFI status will enable @Clearstream to offer omnibus account services for Korea Treasury Bonds and Monetary Sta… https://t.co/FJOMGeKp6U,nan,The QFI status will enable @Clearstream to offer omnibus account services for Korea Treasury Bonds and Monetary Sta… https://t.co/FJOMGeKp6U,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['The QFI status', 'omnibus account services', 'Korea Treasury Bonds', 'Monetary Sta', 'FJOMGeKp6U', 'The QFI status', 'omnibus account services', 'Korea Treasury Bonds', 'Monetary Sta', 'FJOMGeKp6U']",2023-03-31,2023-04-04,Unknown
21774,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@clemfon @julienchler the two big European custodians are Euroclear (Belgium) and Luxembourg (clearstream).   nothi… https://t.co/PEJZoNynx9,nan,@clemfon @julienchler the two big European custodians are Euroclear (Belgium) and Luxembourg (clearstream).   nothi… https://t.co/PEJZoNynx9,neutral,0.08,0.88,0.04,neutral,0.08,0.88,0.04,True,English,"['two big European custodians', 'clemfon', 'julienchler', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'PEJZoNynx9', 'two big European custodians', 'clemfon', 'julienchler', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'PEJZoNynx9']",2023-03-30,2023-04-04,Unknown
21775,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream receives QFI status in Korea. Clearstream has become the first ICSD to be granted the QFI status from t… https://t.co/SDWF9RCzwf,nan,Clearstream receives QFI status in Korea. Clearstream has become the first ICSD to be granted the QFI status from t… https://t.co/SDWF9RCzwf,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['QFI status', 'first ICSD', 'Clearstream', 'Korea', 'SDWF9RCzwf', 'QFI status', 'first ICSD', 'Clearstream', 'Korea', 'SDWF9RCzwf']",2023-03-30,2023-04-04,Unknown
21919,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,ClearStream,nan,ClearStream,neutral,0.46,0.54,0.01,neutral,0.46,0.54,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream', 'ClearStream']",2023-04-01,2023-04-04,Unknown
22008,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The latest issue of BIOTECH Insight newsletter of Deutsche Börse in collaboration with @BiocomDe is out  covering h… https://t.co/xFSmrHiEMk,nan,The latest issue of BIOTECH Insight newsletter of Deutsche Börse in collaboration with @BiocomDe is out  covering h… https://t.co/xFSmrHiEMk,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['BIOTECH Insight newsletter', 'Deutsche Börse', 'latest issue', 'collaboration', 'xFSmrHiEMk', 'BIOTECH Insight newsletter', 'Deutsche Börse', 'latest issue', 'collaboration', 'xFSmrHiEMk']",2023-04-02,2023-04-04,Unknown
22014,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear working on DLT-based bond issuance  settlement solution - Ledger Insights - blockchain for enterprise… https://t.co/et6bdWIVLq,nan,Euroclear working on DLT-based bond issuance  settlement solution - Ledger Insights - blockchain for enterprise… https://t.co/et6bdWIVLq,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['DLT-based bond issuance', 'settlement solution', 'Ledger Insights', 'Euroclear', 'blockchain', 'enterprise', 'DLT-based bond issuance', 'settlement solution', 'Ledger Insights', 'Euroclear', 'blockchain', 'enterprise']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,Unknown
22015,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Today a legal staffer at Euroclear confirmed that it is working on a DLT-based bond issuance and settlement solutio… https://t.co/KYtld3ae1J,nan,Today a legal staffer at Euroclear confirmed that it is working on a DLT-based bond issuance and settlement solutio… https://t.co/KYtld3ae1J,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,True,English,"['DLT-based bond issuance', 'legal staffer', 'settlement solutio', 'Euroclear', 'KYtld3ae1J', 'DLT-based bond issuance', 'legal staffer', 'settlement solutio', 'Euroclear', 'KYtld3ae1J']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,Unknown
22016,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Silicon Valley Bank pledged $11 billion in community benefits. Now what? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/qKOdzsTbqT #regtech,nan,Silicon Valley Bank pledged $11 billion in community benefits. Now what? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/qKOdzsTbqT #regtech,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank', 'community benefits', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'community benefits']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,Unknown
22017,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,State of play: European fintech #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/RN6pYm3zNj #regtech,nan,State of play: European fintech #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/RN6pYm3zNj #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['European fintech #AAA Websites', 'State', 'play', 'European fintech #AAA Websites', 'State', 'play']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,Unknown
22018,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,6/Who governs Euroclear?https://t.co/jUnxj2ZmTq https://t.co/NHPGdkfSxH,nan,6/Who governs Euroclear?https://t.co/jUnxj2ZmTq https://t.co/NHPGdkfSxH,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'NHPGdkfSxH', 'Euroclear', 'NHPGdkfSxH']",2023-04-02,2023-04-04,Unknown
22019,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,5/Who owns Euroclear?https://t.co/qGD2M7HcTt https://t.co/9AHacVii5L,nan,5/Who owns Euroclear?https://t.co/qGD2M7HcTt https://t.co/9AHacVii5L,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Euroclear', '9AHacVii5L', 'Euroclear', '9AHacVii5L']",2023-04-02,2023-04-04,Unknown
22020,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,3/consortium of institutions led by Euroclear have successfully experimented central bank digital currency (CBDC)… https://t.co/0z9vYlJOwC,nan,3/consortium of institutions led by Euroclear have successfully experimented central bank digital currency (CBDC)… https://t.co/0z9vYlJOwC,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['central bank digital currency', 'consortium', 'institutions', 'Euroclear', 'CBDC', 'central bank digital currency', 'consortium', 'institutions', 'Euroclear', 'CBDC']",2023-04-02,2023-04-04,Unknown
22037,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/04/03/tradfi-banks-team-up-to-create-digital-bonds-trading-platform-on-blockchain/,TradFi Banks Team Up to Create Digital Bonds Trading Platform on Blockchain,The platform will use Proof of Climate awaReness as a validating protocol to encourage users to minimize their environmental footprint.,The project joins others applying similar technology to conventional markets. Last week  Brussels-based Euroclear said it may release a platform for trading securities on a distributed ledger later this year. The banks’ statement didn’t say when the platform  named sobond  would start operating  and it didn't respond to a request for comment.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Digital Bonds Trading Platform', 'TradFi Banks', 'Blockchain', 'similar technology', 'conventional markets', 'Brussels-based Euroclear', 'banks’ statement', 'project', 'others', 'platform', 'trading', 'securities', 'ledger', 'request', 'comment']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,coindesk.com
22038,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-2023-062000001.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023,LONDON  GB / ACCESSWIRE / April 03  2023 / Physitrack (STO:PTRK) This Notice of Annual General Meeting is an important document and requires your immediate...,"LONDON  GB / ACCESSWIRE / April 03  2023 / Physitrack (STO:PTRK) This Notice of Annual General Meeting is an important document and requires your immediate attention. If you are in any doubt as to what action to take  you should consult your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant and/or other appropriate independent professional advisers without delay.If you sell or otherwise transferred all of your shares in the Company  please send this notice  together with the accompanying documents  immediately to the purchaser or transferee or to the person who arranged the sale or transfer  so they can pass these documents to the person who now holds the shares.Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting (the ‘Meeting') of Physitrack Plc will be held at 11am (BST) on Wednesday 3 May 2023 at the offices of Baker & McKenzie  100 New Bridge Street  London EC4V 6JA  United Kingdom  for the following purposes:To consider and  if thought fit  pass the following resolutions of which resolutions 1 to 9 will be proposed as Ordinary Resolutions and resolutions 10 to 11 will be proposed as Special Resolutions.Ordinary ResolutionsTo receive and adopt the Company's Annual Report and Accounts for the period ended 31 December 2022  together with the reports of the Directors and Auditor. To re-elect Elaine Sullivan as a Director of the Company. To re-elect Per Henrik Molin as a Director of the Company. To re-elect Arup Paul as a Director of the Company. To re-elect Jasper Zwartendijk as a Director of the Company. To elect Anne-Sophie D'Andlau as a Director of the Company. To re-appoint Mazars LLP as Auditor to the Company to hold office until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting. To authorise the Directors to fix the remuneration of the Auditor until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting. That the Directors be generally and unconditionally authorised for the purposes of section 551 of the Companies Act 2006  in substitution for all existing authorities  to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot 1 626.077 Ordinary Shares of £0.001 each in the capital of the Company (""Ordinary Shares"")  and to grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into Ordinary Shares for any purpose  up to a maximum aggregate nominal amount of £1 626.08 (being 10% of the Company's issued share capital) such authority to apply until the end of next year's annual general meeting (or  if earlier  until the close of business on 31 May 2024) but  in each case  during this period the Company may make offers and enter into agreements which would  or might  require Ordinary Shares to be allotted or rights to subscribe for or convert securities into Ordinary Shares to be granted after the authority ends and the Board may allot Ordinary Shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert securities into Ordinary Shares under any such offer or agreement as if the authority had not ended.Story continuesSpecial Resolutions1. That  subject to the passing of Resolution 9  the Directors be empowered pursuant to section 570 Companies Act 2006 to allot equity securities (within the meaning of section 560(1) Companies Act 2006) of the Company for cash pursuant to the authority conferred by Resolution 9 as if section 561 Companies Act 2006 did not apply to the allotment  such power to expire at the end of next year's annual general meeting (or  if earlier  until the close of business on 31 May 2024) unless renewed  varied or revoked by the Company prior to such a date.2. That the Company be and is hereby generally and unconditionally authorised in accordance with section 701 of the Act to make market purchases (within the meaning of section 693 of the Act) of its Ordinary Shares  provided that:the maximum number of Ordinary Shares authorised to be purchased shall be 1 626.077 (representing 10% of the Company's issued Ordinary Share capital at the date of this notice of Annual General Meeting); the minimum price (exclusive of any expenses) which may be paid for an Ordinary Share is £0.001; the maximum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for each Ordinary Share must not be more than the higher of (i) an amount equal to five per cent above the market value of an Ordinary Share for the five business days immediately preceding the day on which that share is contracted to be purchased; and (ii) an amount equal to the higher of the price of the last independent trade and the highest current independent bid on the trading venue where the purchase is carried out  in each case exclusive of expenses; the authority hereby conferred shall expire at the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held after the date of the passing of this resolution or  if earlier  on the expiry of 15 months from the passing of this resolution  unless such authority is renewed to such time; and the Company may make a contract to purchase Ordinary Shares under the authority  which will or may be executed wholly or partly after the expiration of such authority and may make a purchase of Ordinary Shares pursuant to any such contract.Swedish shareholders on Euroclear Sweden sub register who do not hold shares in CREST can attend the meeting virtually and exercise their voting rights through advance voting online. Please see section 10 of the notes to the Notice of the Annual General Meeting.By order of the BoardApex Secretaries LLPCompany Secretary3 April 2023Registered Office:6th Floor125 London WallLondon EC2Y 5ASExplanatory Notes on the resolutionsAn explanation of each of the resolutions is set out below.Resolution 1 - To receive and adopt the Annual Report and AccountsThe Directors are required to present the financial statements  Directors' Report and Auditor's Report to the meeting. These are contained in the Company's Annual Report and Financial Statements for the period ended 31 December 2022 (the ""Annual Report""). A resolution to receive and adopt the financial statements  together with the Directors' Report and the Auditor's Report on those accounts is included as an ordinary resolution.Resolutions 2-6 - Re-election and election of DirectorsIn accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code  all of the Directors will retire and offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming AGM.The Company has 4 non-executive directors  all of whom are determined by the Board to be independent directors in accordance with the criteria set out in the UK Corporate Governance Code. The Board considers that their skills  experience  independence and knowledge of the Company enable them to discharge their respective duties and responsibilities effectively.Each of the Board members' biographical details can be found on pages 47 to 48 of the Company's Annual Report for the period to 31 December 2022.Resolutions 7 and 8 - Appointment and Remuneration of AuditorAt each meeting at which the Company's financial statements are presented to its members  the Company is required to appoint an auditor to serve until the next such meeting. As part of its review of the continuing appointment of the auditors  the Board considers the length of tenure of the audit firm  its fees and independence along with any matters raised during each audit. Mazars LLP are the appointed auditors of the Company. This year's audit was the third performed by Mazars LLP since their appointment following an audit tender process in 2020. The audit of the period ended 31 December 2022 was the second audit by Mazars since Physitrack PLC became a public company. The Board recommends the re-appointment of Mazars LLP and this will be proposed to the AGM as Resolution 7. Resolution 8 authorises the Directors to determine the remuneration of Mazars LLP as Auditor.Resolution 9 - Authority to allot Ordinary SharesThe Directors may only allot shares or grant rights to subscribe for  or convert any security into  shares if authorised to do so by shareholders. Resolution 9 will  if passed  authorise the Directors to allot the Company's Ordinary Shares or grant rights to subscribe for  or convert any security into  Ordinary Shares in the Company up to a maximum nominal amount of £1 626.08 representing 1 626.078 Ordinary Shares and is equivalent to approximately 10 per cent of the Company's existing issued Ordinary Share capital as at 31 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date prior to publication of the Notice).Resolution 10 - Authority to dis-apply pre-emption rightsResolution 10 is a special resolution which is being proposed to authorise the Directors to disapply the pre-emption rights of existing Shareholders in relation to issues of Ordinary Shares under Resolution 9 (being in respect of ordinary shares up to an aggregate nominal value of £1 626.08  representing up to approximately 10 per cent. of the Company's issued ordinary share capital as at the date of the Notice)  provided that in the case of any Ordinary Shares allotted the issue price is no lower than the nominal value per Ordinary Share.Resolution 11 - Share RepurchasesResolution 11 is also a special resolution. The Companies Act 2006 allows companies to hold shares acquired by way of market purchase as treasury shares  rather than having to cancel them. This would give the Company the ability to re-issue Ordinary Shares quickly and cost effectively thereby improving liquidity and providing the Company with additional flexibility in the management of its capital base.No Ordinary Shares will be sold from treasury at a price less than the net asset value per existing ordinary share at the time of their sale unless they are first offered pro rata to existing Shareholders.The Company may seek to address any significant discount to net asset value at which its Ordinary Shares may be trading by purchasing its own Ordinary Shares in the market on an ad hoc basis.The Directors currently have the authority to make market purchases of up to 10 per cent. of the Ordinary Shares in issue and are seeking to renew this authority to issue up to 10% of the Company's issued share capital  which equates to 1 626.078 at the date of this notice. The maximum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for an ordinary share must not be more than the higher of:(i) 105% of the average of the mid-market values of the Ordinary Shares for the five business days before the purchase is made; or(ii) the price stipulated by the regulatory technical standards adopted by the UK pursuant to the Market Abuse Regulation  being the form of the EU Market Abuse Regulation as incorporated into the law of England and Wales  as amended from time to time.Ordinary Shares will only be repurchased at prices below the prevailing net asset value per ordinary share  which should have the effect of increasing the net asset value per ordinary share for the remaining Shareholders. The minimum price which may be paid shall be their respective nominal values.It is intended that a renewal of the authority to make market purchases will be sought from Shareholders at each AGM of the Company. Purchases of Ordinary Shares will be made within guidelines established from time to time by the Board. Any purchase of Ordinary Shares would be made only out of the available uncommitted cash resources of the Group.Ordinary Shares repurchased by the Company may be held in treasury or cancelled.Investors should note that the repurchase of Ordinary Shares is entirely at the discretion of the Board and no expectation or reliance should be placed on such discretion being exercised on any one or more occasions or as to the proportion of Ordinary Shares that may be repurchased.Settlement of ordinary share transactions in the Company are settled by the CREST share settlement system.The results of the voting on all resolutions will be published on the Company's website as soon as practicable following the conclusion of the AGM.Notes to the Notice of Annual General Meeting1. Voting record dateOnly members registered in the Register of Members of the Company at 6pm (BST) on 28 April 2023 shall be entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting in respect of the number of voting rights registered in their name at that time. Changes to entries on the Register of Members after 6pm (BST) on 28 April 2023 shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting.If the Annual General Meeting is adjourned for no more than 48 hours after the original time  the same voting record date will also apply for the purpose of determining the entitlement of members to attend  speak and vote (subject to UK Government restrictions) at the adjourned meeting. If the Annual General Meeting is adjourned for more than 48 hours  then the voting record date will be 6pm BST on the day which is two days (excluding non-working days) before the day of the adjourned meeting or  if the Company gives notice of the adjourned meeting  at any time specified in that notice.In the case of joint holders of a voting right  the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote  whether in person or by proxy  shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders and  for this purpose  seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names stand in the Register of Members in respect of the joint holding.2. Rights to attend and voteSubject to UK Government restrictions  members are entitled to attend and vote at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting or at any adjournment(s) thereof. On a poll each member has one vote for every one share held.Swedish shareholders listed on the Euroclear sub-register can attend the Annual General Meeting virtually and can exercise their voting rights through advance voting online by 26 April 2023 at the latest. Please see sections 10-12 of the Notes below for further details. The meeting notice in its entirety is available on the Company's website: physitrackgroup.com3. Right to appoint proxiesPursuant to Section 324 of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""Act"")  a member entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting may appoint more than one proxy (subject to UK Government restrictions)  provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to different shares held by him. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.The appointment of a proxy will not preclude a shareholder from attending and voting in person at the Annual General Meeting (subject to UK Government restrictions) or at any adjournment thereof.4. Proxies' rights to vote at the Annual General MeetingOn a vote on a show of hands  each proxy has one vote.If a proxy is appointed by more than one member and all such members have instructed the proxy to vote in the same way  the proxy will only be entitled  on a show of hands  to vote ""for"" or ""against"" as applicable. If a proxy is appointed by more than one member  but such members have given different voting instructions  the proxy may  on a show of hands  vote both ""for"" and ""against"" in order to reflect the different voting instructions.On a poll  all or any of the voting rights of the member may be exercised by one or more duly appointed proxies. However  where a member appoints more than one proxy  Section 285(4) of the Act does not authorise the exercise by the proxies taken together of more extensive voting rights than could be exercised by the member in person.5. Appointment  receipt and termination of proxiesTo appoint a proxy  you may:(a) register your appointment on the Signal Shares portal at www.signalshares.com;(b) request a paper form of proxy from the Company's registrar using the details below; or(c) in the case of CREST members  appoint a proxy via CREST (see note 7 below).By registering on the Signal Shares portal at www.signalshares.com  you can manage your shareholding  including: (i) casting your vote; (ii) changing your dividend payment instruction; (iii) updating your address; and (iv) selecting your communication preference.To be effective  the proxy vote must be submitted at www.signalshares.com so as to have been received by the Company's registrars not less than 48 hours (excluding weekends and public holidays) before the time appointed for the meeting or any adjournment of it.Any power of attorney or other authority under which the proxy is submitted must be returned to the Company's Registrars  Link Group PXS1  10th Floor  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds LS1 4DL.If a paper form of proxy is requested from the Company's registrar  it should be completed and returned to Link Group PXS1  10th Floor  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds LS1 4DL to be received not less than 48 hours (excluding weekends and public holidays) before the time appointed for the meeting or any adjournment of it.If you need help with voting online  or require a paper form of proxy  please contact the Company's registrar  Link Group  by email at shareholderenquiries@linkgroup.co.uk or by telephone on 0371 664 0391 (if calling from the UK calls are charged at the standard geographical rate and will vary by provider) or on +44 (0) 371 664 0391 (if calling from outside of the UK calls are charged at the applicable international rate). Link Group are open between 9.00 a.m. and 5.30 p.m.  Monday to Friday (excluding public holidays in England and Wales).In accordance with the Company's Articles of Association  in determining the time for delivery of proxies  no account shall be taken of any part of a day that is not a working day.A member may terminate a proxy's authority at any time before the commencement of the Annual General Meeting. Termination must be provided in writing and submitted to Link Group.6. Changing Proxy InstructionsTo change your proxy instructions simply submit a new proxy appointment using the methods set out above. Note that the cut-off times for receipt of proxy appointments (see above) also apply in relation to amended instructions; any amended proxy appointment received after the relevant cut-off time will be disregarded. Where you have appointed a proxy using the hard-copy proxy form and would like to change the instructions using another hard-copy proxy form  please contact Link Group as per the communication methods shown above. If you submit more than one valid proxy appointment  the appointment received last before the latest time for the receipt of proxies will take precedence.7. Appointment of Proxies through CRESTCREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the Meeting and any adjournment(s) of it by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual (available from available from https://www.euroclear.com). CREST Personal Members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. In order for a proxy appointment made by means of CREST to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a CREST Proxy Instruction) must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & International Limited's (EUI) specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message must be transmitted so as to be received by the issuer's agent (ID: RA10) by the voting deadline of 48 hours (excluding non-working days) before the time of the Meeting. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the issuer's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST.CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers should note that EUI does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time.In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5) (a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001.8. Appointment of Proxies Through ProxymityIf you are an institutional investor you may be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform  a process which has been agreed by the Company and approved by the Registrar. For further information regarding Proxymity  please go to www.proxymity.io. Your proxy must be lodged by the voting deadline of 48 hours (excluding non-working days) before the time of the Meeting in order to be considered valid or  if the meeting is adjourned  by the time which is 48 hours before the time of the adjourned meeting. Before you can appoint a proxy via this process you will need to have agreed to Proxymity's associated terms and conditions. It is important that you read these carefully as you will be bound by them and they will govern the electronic appointment of your proxy.9. Corporate RepresentativesA corporation which is a member can appoint one or more corporate representatives who may exercise  on its behalf  all its powers as a member provided that no more than one corporate representative exercises powers over the same share.Members may not use any electronic address provided either in the notice of Annual General Meeting or any related documents to communicate with the Company for any purpose other than those expressly stated.If your shares are held within a nominee and you wish to attend the meeting  you will need to contact your nominee as soon as possible. Your nominee will need to present a corporate letter of representation to Link Group  our registrar  as soon as possible and at least 72 hours (excluding non-business days) before the meeting.10. Swedish shareholders listed on Euroclear Sweden sub-registerSwedish shareholders on the Euroclear Sweden sub-register who do not hold their shares in CREST can attend the meeting virtually and can exercise their voting rights through advance voting online by 26 April 2023 at the latest.Please pre-register your intention to join the meeting by contacting Euroclear Sweden by email at GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. You will be provided with a link for virtual attendance once you have pre-registered.You can vote online in advance by visiting the Euroclear Sweden web page at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy?sprak=1. You can also send a form by ordinary post or email to:Physitrack PLCAGMc/o Euroclear Sweden ABBox 191101 23 StockholmGeneralMeetingService@euroclear.comThe meeting notice in its entirety is available on the company's website: physitrackgroup.com. Shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee  in addition to giving notice of participation in the meeting  must register their shares in their own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date  24 April 2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called ""voting rights registration"") in order to cast a postal vote and the request for such registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been completed by the nominee no later than 26 April 2023  will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register by Euroclear Sweden.11. How to join the virtual meetingPlease pre-register your intention to join the Annual General Meeting virtually by contacting Euroclear Sweden by email at GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. You will be provided with a link for virtual attendance once you have pre-registered your interest.12. Questions at the MeetingShareholders  including Swedish shareholders listed on the Euroclear Sweden sub-register  are invited to pre-submit any questions they would otherwise have asked at the AGM via email to ir@physitrack.com. Such questions will be considered by the Board. If any relevant questions are received  the Company will respond to those questions directly and may also  if the Board so determines  and subject to any confidentiality or regulatory restrictions  publish on the Company's website a summary of responses to questions received.13. Total voting rights at date of Notice of Annual General MeetingAs at 31 March 2023 (being the last practicable date prior to the publication of this Notice of Annual General Meeting) the total number of Ordinary Shares in the Company in issue was 16 260 765. The total number of voting rights on that date was therefore 16 260 765.For further information  please contact:Adam Nilsson  Investor relations: ir@physitrack.com. +46 (0) 70 746 44 21About PhysitrackPhysitrack PLC  founded in 2012  is a global digital healthcare provider  focused on the B2B wellness and virtual-first care markets. With staff on four continents  customers in 17 time zones  and end users in 187 countries  Physitrack is a truly global company.The company has two business lines:1. Lifecare - SaaS platform tailored mainly to physiotherapy and musculoskeletal care  enabling practitioners to deliver clinical home exercises  education prescription  outcomes tracking  triaging and Telehealth.2. Wellness - SaaS platform for Employee Wellness and care powered by a combination of world-leading technology and wellness professionals based in the United Kingdom  Germany and the Nordics.Physitrack PLC is headquartered in London  United Kingdom  and listed on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market (PTRK).Visit us at https://www.physitrackgroup.com/Certified AdvisorFNCA Sweden AB is the appointed Certified Adviser of Physitrack. info@fnca.se  +46 8 528 00 399AttachmentsNotice of Annual General Meeting 2023SOURCE: PhysitrackView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/747238/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-2023",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.41,0.21,0.38,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'other appropriate independent professional advisers', 'highest current independent bid', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'maximum aggregate nominal amount', 'last independent trade', '100 New Bridge Street', ""Anne-Sophie D'Andlau"", 'Per Henrik Molin', 'five business days', 'section 570 Companies Act', 'section 560(1) Companies Act', 'section 561 Companies Act', 'Ordinary Share capital', 'Annual Report', 'next year', 'five per', 'maximum number', 'maximum price', 'important document', 'immediate attention', 'bank manager', 'United Kingdom', 'Elaine Sullivan', 'Arup Paul', 'Jasper Zwartendijk', 'Mazars LLP', 'existing authorities', 'market purchases', 'market value', 'trading venue', '1,626.077 Ordinary Shares', 'Ordinary Resolutions', 'following resolutions', 'Special Resolutions', 'minimum price', 'accompanying documents', 'Physitrack Plc', 'London EC4V', 'following purposes', 'Wednesday 3 May', 'equity securities', '31 May', 'GB', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'PTRK', 'Notice', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'delay', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'person', 'sale', '11am', 'offices', 'Baker', 'McKenzie', 'Accounts', 'period', 'reports', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'conclusion', 'remuneration', 'substitution', 'powers', 'rights', 'security', 'authority', 'close', 'case', 'offers', 'agreements', 'Board', 'Story', 'passing', 'meaning', 'cash', 'allotment', 'date', 'accordance', 'expenses', 'exclusive', 'expiry', '15 months', 'time', 'contract', 'expiration']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22039,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/invitation-annual-general-meeting-aak-124300848.html,Invitation to the Annual General Meeting of AAK AB (publ.),The shareholders of AAK AB (publ.) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  May 4  2023 at 14:00. at the premises of...,"MALMÖ  Sweden  April 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AAK AB (publ.) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  May 4  2023 at 14:00. at the premises of Quality Hotel View  Hyllie Stationstorg 29 in Malmö  Sweden. The registration for the Annual General Meeting starts at 13:30.A. RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Board of Directors has  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen) and the company's Articles of Association  decided that shareholders shall also be able to exercise their voting rights by postal voting before the Annual General Meeting. Consequently  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting.Participation in person or by proxyShareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy must:firstly  be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 25 April 2023  andsecondly  notify the company of their intention to attend the Annual General Meeting not later than Thursday 27 April 2023.The notification of attendance  which may be made in accordance with any of the alternatives specified below  shall state name  address  day-time telephone number  personal or corporate identity number  and the number of shares held. Shareholders who intend to bring assistance shall notify this within the same time limits as for the notification of their own attendance. Shareholders represented by an authorised representative should enclose a proxy in original to their notification. A proxy form is available for downloading on the company website www.aak.com and will be sent by post to shareholders notifying the company and informing the company of their address. Representative of a legal entity shall submit a copy of the registration certificate or corresponding papers of authorisation evidencing the persons authorised to act on behalf of the legal entity.Story continuesAddress: AAK AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden (please mark the envelope ""Annual General Meeting 2023"")Telephone: +46 8 402 90 45Website: www.aak.comParticipation by postal voteShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal vote must:firstly  be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 25 April 2023  andsecondly  notify the company by submitting a postal vote in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by AAK AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  not later than Thursday 27 April 2023.A special form must be used for the postal vote. The postal voting form is available on the company's website www.aak.com. Completed and signed postal voting forms may be sent by mail to AAK AB (publ.)  c/o Euroclear Sweden  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingServices@euroclear.com.Completed forms must be received by Euroclear no later than Thursday 27 April 2023. Shareholders may also  no later than 27 April 2023  cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy. Shareholders may not submit special instructions or conditions with the postal vote. In such case  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form and at https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy.If the shareholder submits the postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Proxy forms are available on the company's website www.aak.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form.A shareholder who wishes to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy must notify the company in accordance with the instructions under the heading Participation in person or by proxy above. This means that a notification of participation only by postal vote is not sufficient for shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to participate at the Annual General Meeting  shareholders with nominee-registered shares must request their bank or broker to have the shares temporarily owner-registered with Euroclear Sweden AB. Such re-registration must be executed with Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Tuesday 25 April 2023. The shareholders must therefore notify the nominee of their request to have the shares re-registered in due time before 25 April 2023. Voting rights registration requested by the shareholder at such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than Thursday 27 April 2023 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.B. AGENDAOpening of the Meeting Election of Chairman of the Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of agenda. Election of persons to verify the Minutes of the Meeting. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been properly convened. Report by the Managing Director. Presentation of the Annual Report  the Auditor's Report and the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Group Auditor's Report for the financial year 2022 and the statement from the company's auditor confirming compliance with the guidelines for the remuneration of senior executives that have applied since the preceding Annual General Meeting. Resolutions as to:a) adoption of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet and the Consolidated Income Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet  as per 31 December 2022b) appropriation of the company's profit according to the adopted Balance Sheet and resolution on record date; andc) discharge from liability of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director. Determination of the number of Directors of the Board. Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and auditor. Election of members of the Board of Directors and auditor. Proposal regarding the Nomination Committee. Resolution on approval of remuneration report. Proposal regarding guidelines for remuneration of senior executives. Resolution on the implementation of a performance and share based long-term incentive program (Incentive Program 2023/2026) to replace AAK's existing long-term cash bonus program  and transfer of the company's own shares. Resolution regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues. Resolution regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase and transfer of the company's own shares. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Election of Chairman of the Meeting (item 2)The Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2023  consisting of Chairman Märta Schörling Andreen (Melker Schörling AB)  Henrik Didner (Didner & Gerge Fonder)  William McKechnie (Alecta) and Elisabet Jamal Bergström (SEB Investment Management) has proposed that Georg Brunstam shall be elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting 2023.Proposal regarding the appropriation of the company's profit (item 9 b)The Board of Directors has proposed that a dividend of SEK 2.75 per share be declared for the financial year 2022. As record day for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes Monday 8 May 2023. If the Annual General Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday 11 May 2023.Proposal regarding the election of the Board of Directors  auditor and determination of fees (items 10-12)The Nomination Committee has proposed the following:The number of directors shall be seven without any deputy directors.The total fee payable to the Board of Directors shall be SEK 4 290 000 (including remuneration for committee work) to be distributed among the directors as follows: SEK 1 000 000 to the Chairman and SEK 440 000 to each of the other directors elected at a general meeting and not employed by the company. Remuneration for committee work shall be payable as follows: SEK 250 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 125 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee  SEK 100 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and SEK 50 000 to each of the other members of the Remuneration Committee. The auditor shall be remunerated in accordance with agreement.Re-election of the Board members Märta Schörling Andreen  Marianne Kirkegaard  Georg Brunstam and Patrik Andersson  as well as new election of Nils-Johan Andersson  Fabienne Saadane-Oaks and Ian Roberts. Gun Nilsson has declined re-election.Re-election of Georg Brunstam as Chairman of the Board.Re-election of the accounting firm KPMG AB  for a period of mandate of one year  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  consequently up to and including the Annual General Meeting 2024  whereby the accounting firm has informed that the authorised public accountant Jonas Nihlberg will be appointed as auditor in charge.Nils-Johan Andersson (born 1962) has since 1 October 2022 been the CEO of Melker Schörling AB. Prior to that  he was CFO at MSX International  CFO at Bravida  CFO and Head of business area Ventilation at Lindab and has in addition thereto held various finance positions within Boliden and Munksjö. Nils-Johan holds a Master of Science in Economics and Business Administration from Jönköping University. Nils-Johan is a member of the board of Mexab tjänste AB and a member of the investment committee of Greenbridge. Nils-Johan is assessed to be independent in relation to the company and its management but dependent in relation to a major shareholder of the company. Nils-Johan's (including related persons and entities) shareholding in the company amounts to 1 600 shares.Fabienne Saadane-Oaks (born 1958) has since 2015 been the CEO of ABF Ingredients  a division of Associated British Foods. Prior to that  she has held various management positions within Dupont  Danisco  Rhodia  SKW/Degussa Group and Sanofi Bio-Industries. Fabienne holds a Master in Mechanical Engineering from ENSTA and an MBA from ESSEC. Fabienne is a non-executive director of Fermentalg  Roal Oy and Fytexia Group and member of the Comité Sully. She is assessed to be independent both in relation to the company and its management as well as major shareholders of the company. Fabienne (including related persons and entities) does not own any shares or other financial instruments in the company.Ian Roberts (born 1970) has since 2011 been the Chief Technology Officer (CTO) of Bühler Group. He is also a member of an advisory board for Dole Packaged Goods  vice chairman of the board of Restor as well as co-founder and president of Mass Challenge Switzerland. His previous working experiences include  among others  various management positions within Nestlé. Ian holds a Ph.D. in Process Engineering  a Master of Science in Chemical Engineering and a Bachelor of Engineering in Biochemical Engineering from the University of Wales  Swansea  United Kingdom. He is assessed to be independent both in relation to the company and its management as well as major shareholders of the company. Ian (including related persons and entities) does not own any shares or other financial instruments in the company.Proposal regarding the Nomination Committee (item 13)Shareholders  jointly representing approximately 43 percent of the shares and votes in the company as per 28 February 2023  have notified the company of their proposal regarding Nomination Committee.Proposal regarding Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2024The Nomination Committee shall have four members.Re-election of Märta Schörling Andreen (Melker Schörling AB)  Henrik Didner (Didner & Gerge Fonder)  William McKechnie (Alecta) and Elisabet Jamal Bergström (SEB Investment Management) as members of the Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2024.Re-election of Märta Schörling Andreen as Chairman of the Nomination Committee.In case a shareholder  represented by a member of the Nomination Committee  is no longer one of the major shareholders of AAK AB  or if a member of the Nomination Committee is no longer employed by such shareholder or for any other reason leaves the Nomination Committee before the Annual General Meeting 2024  the Committee shall be entitled to appoint another representative among the major shareholders to replace such member.Tasks of the Nomination CommitteePrior to the Annual General Meeting 2024  the Nomination Committee shall prepare and submit proposals for the election of Chairman and other members of the Board of Directors  the election of Chairman of the Annual General Meeting  fees to the Board of Directors and auditor and matters related thereto  the election of members of the Nomination Committee or principles for appointment of a Nomination Committee and  in conjunction with the Audit Committee  election of auditor and in other respects pursue the tasks that  according to the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance  are the responsibility of a nomination committee.Approval of remuneration report (item 14)The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board's remuneration report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Proposal regarding guidelines for remuneration to senior executives (item 15)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives as follows.These guidelines include the CEO and the persons who during the period the guidelines apply are included in the group management. The guidelines are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the Annual General Meeting 2023. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting.The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityAAK's business strategy is described on AAK's website  www.aak.com.A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end  it is necessary that the company offers competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable the company to offer the executive management a competitive total remuneration.Warrants programs have been implemented in the company for senior executives and key employees within the AAK Group. The programs have been resolved by the general meeting and are therefore excluded from these guidelines. For more information regarding the programs  see AAK's Annual Report 2022  note 8. The Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting 2023 to resolve on the implementation of a new performance based long-term incentive program for senior executives and key employees within the AAK Group (Incentive Program 2023/2026). In total  Incentive Program 2023/2026 comprises approximately 70 senior executives and key employees within the Group. The program entails that the participants receive a conditional right to receive AAK shares  half of the shares to be allocated in the first half of 2025 and half of the shares to be allocated in the first half of 2026  provided that all conditions of the program are met. Allocation of shares in Incentive Program 2023/2026 is connected to a performance requirement established by the Board of Directors based on earnings per share. The program is clearly linked to the business strategy and thereby to the company's long-term value creation  including its sustainability. The general meeting resolves on implementation of the program and the program is therefore excluded from these guidelines.Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Additionally  the general meeting may – irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration.The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one or several years. The annual variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than 125 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Pension entitlements for senior executives shall apply from the age of 60 years at the earliest. For the CEO  pension benefits  including health insurance (Sw. sjukförsäkring)  shall be premium defined. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. For other senior executives  pension benefits  including health insurance  shall be premium defined unless the individual concerned is subject to defined benefit pension under mandatory collective agreement provisions. Variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits to the extent required by applicable mandatory collective agreement provisions. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Other benefits may include  for example  life insurance  medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring) and company cars. Such benefits may amount to not more than 10 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  duly adjustments may be made for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.Termination of employmentThe notice period may not exceed 12 months if notice of termination of employment is made by the company. Fixed cash salary during the period of notice and severance pay may together not exceed an amount equivalent to the fixed cash salary for two years. The period of notice may not exceed six months without any right to severance pay when termination is made by the executive.In addition  remuneration for any commitment to restrict competition can be paid. Such remuneration shall compensate for any loss of income and shall only be paid to the extent that the former executive has no right to severance pay. The remuneration shall be based on the fixed cash salary at the time of termination and shall be paid during the period the non-compete restriction applies  which shall not exceed 12 months after the termination of employment.Criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration  etc.The variable cash remuneration shall be linked to predetermined and measurable criteria which can be financial or non-financial. They can also be individualised  quantitative or qualitative objectives. The criteria shall be designed so as to contribute to the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promote the executive's long-term development.The criteria mainly applied are linked to the development of operating profit and earnings per share. The criteria shall also be linked to the fulfilment of predetermined sustainability criteria (ESG – Environmental  Social and Governance). The criteria thereby contribute to the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability.To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the measurement period has ended. The remuneration committee is responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable cash remuneration to the CEO and other executives. For financial objectives  the evaluation shall be based on the latest financial information made public by the company.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the remuneration committee's and the Board of Directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable. The increase of the gap between the remuneration to senior executives and remuneration to other employees will be disclosed in the remuneration report.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board of Directors has established a remuneration committee. The committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' decision to propose guidelines for executive remuneration. The Board of Directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The remuneration committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company. The members of the remuneration committee are independent in relation to the company and company management. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the Board of Directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.The Board of Directors shall annually draw up a remuneration report that shall be presented to the Annual General Meeting for approval.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As set out above  the remuneration committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Description of material changes of the guidelines and how the shareholders' opinions are consideredNo material amendments have been made to the guidelines. In relation to the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives adopted on the Annual General Meeting 2022  the guidelines have been adjusted so that the annual variable cash remuneration may amount to maximum 125 percent instead of 120 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.No remarks on the remuneration guidelines have emerged.Resolution on the implementation of a performance based long-term incentive program (Incentive Program 2023/2026) and transfer of the company's own shares (item 16)To replace AAK's existing long-term cash bonus program  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on (i) establishment of a performance and share based long-term incentive program for senior executives and certain key employees within the AAK group (""Incentive Program 2023/2026"") on essentially the terms and conditions set out under item A below  and (ii) transfer of the company's own shares to participants in the program in accordance with item B below.The purpose of Incentive Program 2023/2026 is to influence and reward long-term performance and to further tie senior executives and key employees within the group to AAK and its shareholders. Through a share-related incentive program  the participants' compensation is linked to the company's result and development  thereby creating long-term incentives for the participants in the program. The incentive program is also expected to contribute to the possibilities to recruit and retain competent  motivated and committed employees. Incentive Program 2023/2026 has been prepared based on AAK's existing long-term cash bonus program and is intended to replace this program with substantially unchanged costs for the company.A. Main conditions for Incentive Program 2023/2026Incentive Program 2023/2026 is proposed to comprise approximately 70 senior executives and key employees within the AAK-group  who will receive a conditional right to be awarded AAK shares (""Performance Shares"")  i.e. a right to receive shares at a future time provided that applicable performance requirements and conditions during the vesting period are met. The participants are divided into two groups: President and CEO and other members of the group management (Group 1) and persons directly reporting to the group management and other key employees (Group 2). After the Annual General Meeting  each participant receives a conditional right to receive Performance Shares provided that the participant remains employed and has not given or received notice of termination of employment as per 28 February the year when the Performance Shares are transferred. Exceptions to this requirement can be announced  e.g. in case of participant's retirement or death. The Performance Share rights shall be based on a maximum value for each participant category. The highest value for participants in Group 1 amounts to 40 percent of the participant's annual basic salary for the year 2023 and for participants in Group 2 to 25 percent of the participant's annual basic salary for the year 2023. The maximum values stated above are converted into a maximum number of Performance Shares with application of the volume weighted average price of AAK AB's share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the period 4 March up to and including 8 March 2024. The Board of Directors shall have the opportunity to make adjustments as a result of extraordinary events such as bonus issue  share split  rights issue and/or other similar events. The participants' right to receive Performance Shares does not constitute a security and cannot be pledged or transferred. Allocation of Performance Shares in Incentive Program 2023/2026 is linked to a performance requirement established by the Board of Directors based on earnings per share during the financial year 2023. The performance requirements established by the Board of Directors will specify a minimum level that must be achieved in order for Performance Shares to be awarded and a maximum level corresponding to the maximum allocation of Performance Shares. The Board of Directors will decide on the outcome of the established performance requirement after the end of the measurement period. If the performance outcome is below the maximum level  but exceeds the minimum level  a proportional allocation of Performance Shares will take place. Information on performance requirements and outcomes will be provided at the latest in connection with the allocation of Performance Shares according to item 8. The total allocation of Performance Shares may never exceed one (1) percent of the total number of shares in AAK. If this should occur  the allocation shall be reduced to ensure that the cap for allocation above is adhered to. If all the conditions set out in Incentive Program 2023/2026 are met  the transfer of Performance Shares shall take place with half of the Performance Shares in the first half of the year 2025 and with the remaining half of the Performance Shares in the first half of the year 2026  whereby the number of Performance Shares shall be rounded off to the nearest whole number. Transfer is free of charge subject to tax. The reason for allocation of Performance Shares at such time that the time period between implementation of the program and allocation is in part less than three years is that the Board of Directors considers it important to maintain the principles and time limits applicable in AAK's existing long-term cash bonus program  which Incentive Program 2023/2026 is intended to replace. Furthermore  the Board of Directors assesses that the conditions for allocation of Performance Shares are appropriate and reasonable in order to fulfil the purpose of the program and to ensure that AAK can offer a competitive remuneration model. The Board of Directors shall be responsible for the detailed design and management of the Incentive Program 2023/2026  within the framework of specified conditions and guidelines. The Board of Directors shall have the right to make adjustments due to local regulations or market conditions. The Board of Directors shall also have the right to make other adjustments  including inter alia a right to resolve on a reduced allocation of shares  if there are significant changes in the AAK Group or the outside world which  according to the Board of Director's assessment  would mean that the terms of Incentive Program 2023/2026 are no longer appropriate or reasonable. In the event that the Board of Directors considers that the allocation of shares in Incentive Program 2023/2026 cannot take place at reasonable costs  with reasonable administrative efforts or due to special market conditions  the Board of Directors shall have the right to instead offer participants a cash settlement.The program's scope and costsThe total costs associated with Incentive Program 2023/2026 assuming maximum target fulfilment and allocation of Performance Shares  is expected to amount to a maximum of MSEK 70  which is distributed over the duration of the program. The costs have been calculated as the sum of salary costs  including social security contributions and administrative costs for the program.Incentive Program 2023/2026 will not lead to any dilution of the number of issued shares in the company as the program is proposed to be secured with either own shares or with a hedging arrangement with a bank or other financial institution through already issued shares.The costs of the program are expected to have a marginal impact on the company's financial ratios.Preparation of the proposalThe incentive program has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors with advice from external experts. The proposal has been resolved upon by the Board of Directors. The CEO has not participated in the preparation of the proposal.Previous incentive programs in AAKFor a description of AAK's other share related incentive programs  please see the company's Annual Report 2022  note 8. Apart from the program presented therein  there are no other share related incentive programs in AAK.B. Transfer of the company's own shares to the participants of Incentive Program 2023/2026In order to secure the delivery of Performance Shares in accordance with the terms of Incentive Program 2023/2026  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company may transfer a maximum of 300 000 shares in the company on the following terms:The right to receive shares shall be granted to such persons within the AAK Group who are covered by the Incentive Program 2023/2026. In addition  subsidiaries within the AAK group shall be entitled to acquire shares without consideration in order to immediately transfer such shares without consideration to participants in Incentive Program 2023/2026 in accordance with the terms and conditions of Incentive Program 2023/2026. The right to receive shares shall be granted to the employee during the time that the employee is entitled to receive shares according to the terms of the Incentive Program 2023/2026  i.e. during 2025 and 2026. Employees covered by the Incentive Program 2023/2026 shall receive shares in the company free of charge. The number of shares in AAK that can be transferred within the framework of Incentive Program 2023/2026 shall be recalculated as a result of intervening bonus issue  share split  rights issue and/or other similar events.The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential right are that the transfer of the company's own shares is part of establishing the Incentive Program 2023/2026. The Board of Directors believes that the establishment of the program will be beneficial for the company and the shareholders since the participants are offered the opportunity to own shares in the company.In the event that the required majority cannot be achieved for the transfer of the company's own shares to participants in Incentive Program 2023/2026 as described above  the financial exposure of Incentive Program 2023/2026 and delivery of shares according to the terms of the program is intended to be secured by the company entering into a share swap agreement with a third party  whereby the third party shall acquire and transfer shares in the company to participants in Incentive Program 2023/2026 in its own name.The Board of Directors proposes that resolutions according to item A and item B above should be made by the Annual General Meeting as two separate resolutions. The proposal according to item B regarding the proposed transfer of the company's own shares is conditional on the Annual General Meeting having resolved in accordance with item A regarding the implementation of the proposed Incentive Program 2023/2026.Majority requirementsThe proposal of the Board of Directors pursuant to item 16 A above requires a resolution by the general meeting supported by shareholders representing more than half of the votes cast at the general meeting. The proposal of the Board of Directors on transfer of own shares to participants in Incentive Program 2023/2026 pursuant to item 16 B above requires a resolution by the general meeting supported by shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of both the number of votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid. The proposal to enter into a share swap agreement according to item 16 B above requires a majority of more than half of the votes cast at the general meeting in order for the resolution to be valid.Proposal regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues (item 17)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to  on one or several occasions during the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential right  resolve on new issues of shares. The authorisation shall also include the right to resolve on new issues of shares with terms concerning issues in kind  offset rights or other terms stated in Chapter 13  Section 5  first paragraph  6 in the Swedish Companies Act. By resolutions in accordance with the authorisation  the number of shares may be increased by a number corresponding to a maximum of ten (10) percent of the number of outstanding shares in the company at the time of when the Board of Directors first uses the authorisation.The purpose of any deviation from the shareholders' preferential right as set out above is to ensure financing of acquisitions of companies  part of companies or businesses or to strengthen the company's capital base and equity/assets ratio. Such issues of shares may not require amendment of the Articles of Association applicable from time to time. In case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential right  share issues by virtue of the authorisation shall be made on market conditions. In accordance with the conditions set out above  the Board of Directors shall be authorised to resolve on other terms as considered necessary by the Board of Directors to carry out the issues.The Board of Directors further proposes that the Managing Director  or anyone appointed by the Managing Director  shall have the right to make any adjustments that may be necessary in connection with the registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket).The resolution requires approval from shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid.Proposal regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase and transfer of the company's own shares (item 18)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to  on one or several occasions during the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on repurchase and transfer of the company's own shares. Repurchase of shares may be made at a maximum of so many shares that the company's holding does not exceed two (2) percent of the total number of shares in the company from time to time. Repurchase of shares may be made on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price per share within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. Transfer of shares may be made at a maximum of two (2) percent of the total number of shares in the company from time to time. Transfer may be made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential right on Nasdaq Stockholm as well as to third parties in connection with acquisition of a company or a business. Payment for transferred shares can be made in cash  through an issue in kind or set-off. Transfers of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price per share within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. Transfer in connection with acquisitions may be made at a market value assessed by the Board of Directors.The purpose of the proposal for a resolution on repurchase and transfer of the company's own shares is to give the Board of Directors the possibility to adjust the company's capital structure in order to contribute to shareholder value  enable financing of acquisitions through the use of own shares and to use repurchased shares for the company's share-related or share-based incentive programs  including giving the company the opportunity to transfer own shares to participants within the framework of such incentive programs. Note that the transfer of repurchased shares to participants in incentive programs requires an additional resolution by the general meeting in accordance with item 16 B above.The purpose of the proposal for a resolution on transfer of the company's own shares is to give the Board of Directors the possibility to adjust the company's capital structure in order to contribute to shareholder value  enable financing of acquisitions through the use of own shares and to ensure the company's obligations due to share-related or share-based incentive programs (other than the delivery of shares to participants in incentive programs)  including coverage of social security contributions.The resolution requires approval from shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid.AVAILABLE DOCUMENTS AND INFORMATION REGARDING NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANYThe accounts and the auditor's report (the annual report)  the Board's remuneration report and the complete proposals of the Board of Directors with respect to items 15-18 and all related documents and the statement from the company's auditor confirming compliance with the guidelines for the remuneration of senior executives will be available to the shareholders at the company at the address Skrivaregatan 9  SE-215 32 Malmö  Sweden  and at the company's website www.aak.com as from Thursday 13 April 2023. Copies of the documents will be sent on request to shareholders who state their postal address and will also be available on the company website www.aak.com and at the Annual General Meeting.The total number of shares and votes in the company amount at the time of issuance of this notice to 259 559 202. All shares are of the same class.C. INFORMATION AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall at the Annual General Meeting  if a shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without significant harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that (i) may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  (ii) circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial position or information concerning (iii) the company's relation with other companies within the group. Shareholders may submit questions in advance by mail to the company at the address AAK AB (publ.)  Group Legal Counsel  Skrivaregatan 9  SE-215 32 Malmö  Sweden  or by e-mail to investor@aak.com.D. PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information about the processing of your personal data  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Malmö in April 2023AAK AB (publ.)The Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Carl AhlgrenHead of IR & Corporate CommunicationsMobile: +46 706 81 07 34E-mail: carl.ahlgren@aak.comThis is a non-official translation of the Swedish original wording. In case of differences between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish text shall prevail.The information was submitted for publication at 14.00 p.m. CET on April 03  2023.About AAKEverything AAK does is about Making Better Happen™. We specialize in plant-based oils  the value-adding ingredients in products people love to consume. We make these products better tasting  healthier  and more sustainable. At the heart of AAK's offering is Customer Co-Development  combining our desire to understand what better means for each customer with the unique flexibility of our production assets and deep knowledge across products and industries. 4 000 employees support our close collaboration with customers through 25 regional sales offices  16 dedicated Customer Innovation Centers and support of more than 20 production facilities. Listed on Nasdaq Stockholm and with our headquarters in Malmö  Sweden  AAK has been Making Better Happen for more than 150 years.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/871/3745924/1962384.pdf Press release (PDF)CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/invitation-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-aak-ab-publ-301788303.htmlSOURCE AAK AB",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.28,0.53,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'AAK AB', 'Invitation', 'publ', 'Quality Hotel View', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'other authorization document', 'Annual General Meeting', 'corporate identity number', 'same time limits', 'P.O. Box', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'entire postal vote', 'day-time telephone number', 'postal voting form', 'Voting rights registration', 'Meeting Election', 'voting list', 'special form', 'Completed forms', 'AAK AB', 'Hyllie Stationstorg', 'A. RIGHT', 'Sw. aktiebolagslagen', 'share register', 'state name', 'legal entity', 'corresponding papers', 'dated power', 'Such re-registration', 'due time', 'B. AGENDA', 'registration certificate', 'Tuesday 25 April', 'proxy form', 'authorised representative', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'Thursday 27 April', 'legal person', 'company website', 'MALMÖ', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'May', 'premises', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Participation', 'intention', 'notification', 'attendance', 'accordance', 'alternatives', 'address', 'personal', 'assistance', 'original', 'copy', 'authorisation', 'persons', 'behalf', 'Story', 'Stockholm', 'envelope', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingServices', 'votes', 'verification', 'BankID', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'case', 'written', 'attorney', 'heading', 'order', 'broker', 'request', 'account', 'preparation', 'Opening', 'Chairman', 'approval', '101']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22040,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PRECISE-BIOMETRICS-AB-PU-30049589/news/Precise-Biometrics-Notice-and-postal-voting-form-43418373/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Precise Biometrics : Notice and postal voting form,(marketscreener.com)    Notice and postal voting form   in accordance with Chapter 7  Section 4a of the Swedish Companies Act and the Precise Biometrics AB 's articles of association.   Euroclear Sweden AB should receive a completed form  including a…,"Instructions for postal votingComplete the shareholder's information above (please print clearly)Select the shareholder's voting options belowPrint and sign the form (where it says ""Signature"" above)  and submit the postal voting form by post to the address Precise Biometrics AB  ""Annual general meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  or by e-mail to generalmeetingservice@euroclear.com (subject the e-mail with ""Precise Biometrics annual meeting""). Shareholders may also submit their postal votes electronically throughverification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy?sprak=1.SE-101 23 Stockholm  or by e-mail to generalmeetingservice@euroclear.com (subject the e-mail with ""Precise Biometrics annual meeting""). Shareholders may also submit their postal votes electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy?sprak=1. If the shareholder is a natural person  it is the shareholder itself who must sign this postal voting form. If the postal vote is cast by a proxy for a shareholder  it is the proxy who must sign this postal voting form. If the postal vote is cast by a deputy for a legal entity  it is the deputy who must sign this postal voting form.If the shareholder is a legal entity  authorisation documents (e.g. a registration certificate and power of attorney) must be attached with the form. If the shareholder votes in advance by proxy  the proxy form must be attached to the postal voting form.The complete postal voting form  together with any enclosed authorisation documents  must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than 4 May 2023.Important informationThe shareholder may not provide other instructions than marking one of the response alternatives in the postal voting form. If the shareholder has included special instructions or conditions  or changed or made amendments to the pre-printed text  the postal vote will be considered invalid.For complete proposals regarding the items on the agenda  kindly refer to the company's website.Only one form per shareholder will be considered. If more than one form is submitted  only the form with the latest date will be considered. It two or more forms have the same date  only the form latest received by the company will be considered. An incomplete or wrongfully completed form may be discarded without being considered.If a shareholder has submitted its postal vote and thereafter participates in the meeting venue in person or by proxy  the postal vote is still valid to the extent that the shareholder does not participate in a voting during the general meeting or otherwise withdraws the postal vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting during the general meeting  the votes cast at the meeting venue will replace the previously submitted postal vote with regard to the relevant decision(s).Please note that the postal vote does not constitute a notice of participation to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy. Instructions for shareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy are included in the notice convening the meeting.A postal vote can be withdrawn up to and including 4 May 2023  by making such request by e-mail to generalmeetingservice@euroclear.com. Anyone wishing to revoke a postal vote and instead exercise their voting right by attending the meeting physically or by proxy must notify the secretariat of the meeting before the meeting opens.For questions about the postal voting form  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB on telephone +46 (0)8 40292 86 (Monday-Friday 9.00 am - 4.00 pm CET/CEST).For information on how your personal data is processed  please refer to the integrity policy that is available on Euroclear Sweden AB's website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy- notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf",positive,0.66,0.34,0.0,negative,0.0,0.12,0.88,True,English,"['postal voting form', 'Precise Biometrics', 'Notice', 'Precise Biometrics annual meeting', 'Precise Biometrics AB', 'complete postal voting form', 'relevant decision(s', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual general meeting', 'complete proposals', 'voting options', 'voting right', 'postal vote', 'one form', 'meeting venue', 'legal entity', 'authorisation documents', 'registration certificate', 'response alternatives', 'latest date', 'same date', 'personal data', 'integrity policy', 'Privacy- notice-bolagsstammor', 'other instructions', 'special instructions', 'proxy form', 'Important information', 'natural person', 'votes', 'shareholder', 'Signature', 'address', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'mail', 'generalmeetingservice', 'verification', 'BankID', 'website', 'vpc', 'deputy', 'power', 'attorney', 'advance', '4 May', 'conditions', 'amendments', 'text', 'items', 'agenda', 'company', 'two', 'forms', 'incomplete', 'extent', 'regard', 'participation', 'request', 'Anyone', 'secretariat', 'questions', 'telephone', 'Friday', 'dam', 'ESw', 'engelska', '101', '9.00', '4.00']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22041,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PRECISE-BIOMETRICS-AB-PU-30049589/news/Precise-Biometrics-Notice-of-the-AGM-2023-43418310/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Precise Biometrics : Notice of the AGM 2023,(marketscreener.com) Resolution regarding the allocation of the Company's result in accordance with the adopted balance sheet   The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend be paid for the financial year 2022  and that the remaining funds for disposal …,"NOTICE OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN PRECISE BIOMETRICS AB The shareholders in Precise Biometrics AB  Corp. Reg. No. 556545-6596  (the ""Company"") are hereby notified of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 10 May 2023  at 2.00 p.m. at Elite Hotel  second floor  Scheelevägen 27 in Lund  Sweden. The Board has decided that before the Annual General Meeting  shareholders shall have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights by postal vote in accordance with the provisions of Chapter 7 Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act and the Company's articles of association. Shareholders can thus choose to exercise their voting rights at the meeting through postal voting  through physical participation or via proxy. Notification for physical participation Shareholders who wish to physically participate in the Annual General Meeting must: both be listed in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 2 May 2023  andnotify the Company of their intention to attend the Annual General Meeting  no later than on Thursday 4 May 2023  via Euroclear's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy?sprak=1  by post to the address Precise Biometrics AB  ""Annual general meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  When giving notice of participation  shareholders must state: their name  personal ID/corporate registration number (or equivalent)  address  telephone number  shareholding in the Company  the names of any advisers (maximum two) and  when applicable  the name of a proxy or legal representative. Notification for postal voting Shareholders who wish to participate at the Annual General Meeting must: both be listed in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 2 May 2023  andgive notice of their attendance by casting their postal vote  in accordance with instructions below  so that the postal vote is available to the Company  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  no later than on Thursday 4 May 2023. A shareholder who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions stated above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a shareholder who wishes to attend the meeting venue. Postal voting is done by shareholders by completing a special form and signing it  after which the form is sent to the Company by post to the address Precise Biometrics AB  ""Annual general meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  or by e-mail to generalmeetingservice@euroclear.com (subject the e-mail with ""Precise Biometrics annual meeting""). The form will be available on the Company's website  www.precisebiometrics.com  or will be provided on request. Shareholders may also submit their postal votes electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy?sprak=1.The completed form must be available to the Company  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  no later than on 4 May 2023. The postal vote may not be provided with special instructions or conditions. If this is the case  the entire vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form. The completed form will be considered as a notification of attendance of the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. If a shareholder votes via proxy  the power of attorney must be attached to the postal voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other authorisation document must also be attached. Anyone wishing to revoke a postal vote and instead exercise their voting right by attending the meeting physically or by proxy must notify the secretariat of the meeting before the meeting opens. Nominee-registered shares To be able to participate at the Annual General Meeting  shareholders who have registered their shares in the name of a nominee must request registration of the shares in their own names in the register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB. Registration of shareholders should be completed not later than 4 May 2023. The shareholder should notify the nominee well in advance of this date. Such registration may be temporary. Proxies Shareholders who intend to be represented by proxy must issue a dated power of attorney for the proxy. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the certificate of registration or its equivalent for the legal entity must also be presented. The period of validity of the power of attorney is permitted to be up to five years from the date of issue. To facilitate entry at the meeting  copies of proxies  registration certificates and other authorisation documents should be enclosed with the notice of participation. The Company provides proxy forms on request and these are also available at the Company website  www.precisebiometrics.com. Number of shares and votes At the time this notice  the Company has a total of 47 512 597 shares  of which 46 427 597 are ordinary shares and 1 085 000 are shares of series C. The total number of votes amounts to 46 536 097  of which 46 427 597 votes are related to the ordinary shares and 108 500 votes are related to the shares of series C. The Company owns all 1 085 000 shares of series C. Proposed agenda Opening of the meeting Election of the Chairman for the meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened The Managing Director's report Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as the group accounts and the auditor's report for the group for the financial year 2022Resolution regarding: the adoption of the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet for the financial year 2022; the allocation of the Company's result in accordance with the adopted balance sheet; and the discharge from liability of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director. Determination of the number of Board members Resolution regarding fees to the Board members and the auditor Election of members and chairman of the Board of Directors Election of auditor Resolution on approval of remuneration report Resolution regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of shares and/or convertible instruments Resolution to approve the Board of Directors' resolution on new issue of ordinary shares with pre-emption rights for existing shareholders Resolution to amend the Articles of Association Resolution regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of shares Close of the meeting Proposals for resolution The Nomination Committee  which comprises of David Ingvarsson  appointed by RM International AB and own and related parties' holdings; Julian Aleksov  appointed by MV Capital AB; Oskar Börjesson  appointed by Skandia Fonder AB and Torgny Hellström  Chairman of the Board  have submitted proposals for items 2 and 10 - 13. The Nomination Committee has been appointed in accordance with the principles previously decided by the 2016 Annual General Meeting. The chairman of the Nomination Committee has been David Ingvarsson. Item 2 - Election of the Chairman for the meeting The Nomination Committee proposes the election of Torgny Hellström as Chairman of the Annual General Meeting. Item 9 b) - Resolution regarding the allocation of the Company's result in accordance with the adopted balance sheet The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend be paid for the financial year 2022  and that the remaining funds for disposal be carried forward. Item 10 - Determination of the number of Board members The Nomination Committee proposes that the number of Board members elected by theAnnual General Meeting is six with no deputy members. Item 11 - Resolution regarding fees to the Board members and the auditor The Nomination Committee proposes that fees to the Board members be paid as follows (fees from 2022 in parentheses) Chairman of the Board SEK 545 000 (SEK 545 000)Each of the other Board members: SEK 190 000 (SEK 190 000)Chairman of the audit committee: SEK 90 000 (SEK 90 000)Member of the audit committee: SEK 45 000 (SEK 45 000)Chairman and members of the remuneration committee: SEK 25 000 (SEK 25 000) The Nomination Committee also proposes that fees to the auditor are paid against approved invoices. Item 12 - Election of members and chairman of the Board of Directors The Nomination Committee proposes Torgny Hellström  Mats Lindoff  Åsa Schwarz and Peter Gullander be re-elected as Board members and that Maria Rydén and Jimmy Hsu be elected as new Board members until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. Synnöve Trygg and Torbjörn Clementz have declined re-election. It is proposed that Torgny Hellström be re-elected as Chairman of the Board. Maria Rydén  born 1966  Bachelor of Business Administration from Växjö University Maria has worked as an accountant and strategy consultant and CFO in several companies  most recently at Beijer Ref. Today  Maria is currently interim manager and chairman of the board of APQ El AB. Jimmy Hsu  born 1972  Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering  Sun Yat-sen University  Taiwan Jimmy was born in 1972 and is Vice President at Egis Technology. Before he joined Egis in 2014  he held several managerial positions in other companies and worked with development. All proposed board members are presented in more detail on the Company's website  www.precisebiometrics.com. Item 13 - Election of auditor The Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  the re-election of the registered accounting firm Ernst & Young Aktiebolag  until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. Ernst & Young Aktiebolag  has informed that authorised public accountant Martin Henriksson will serve as the Auditor in Charge. Item 14 - Resolution on approval of remuneration report The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' remuneration report in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 of the Swedish Companies Act.",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Precise Biometrics', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'personal ID/corporate registration number', 'Precise Biometrics annual meeting', 'Precise Biometrics AB', 'Corp. Reg. No.', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'other authorisation document', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'postal voting form', 'postal voting Shareholders', 'meeting venue', 'voting rights', 'postal vote', 'telephone number', 'Elite Hotel', 'second floor', 'Scheelevägen', 'Chapter 7 Section', 'legal representative', 'special form', 'completed form', 'entire vote', 'legal entity', 'five years', 'series C', 'Such registration', 'registration certificates', 'total number', 'Wednesday 10 May', 'Tuesday 2 May', 'Thursday 4 May', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'physical participation', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'ordinary shares', 'dated power', 'The Company', 'proxy forms', 'Proxies Shareholders', 'Company website', 'votes', '47,512,597 shares', 'NOTICE', 'Lund', 'Board', 'opportunity', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'articles', 'association', 'Notification', 'intention', 'vpc', 'euroclearproxy', 'address', 'Box', 'name', 'equivalent', 'shareholding', 'advisers', 'attendance', 'Stockholm', 'mail', 'generalmeetingservice', 'request', 'verification', 'BankID', 'conditions', 'case', 'attorney', 'Anyone', 'secretariat', 'advance', 'copy', 'period', 'validity', 'issue', 'entry', 'copies', 'time', '2.00']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22042,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-infant-092000521.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting of Infant Bacterial Therapeutics,Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556873-8586  with its registered office in Stockholm  gives notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held...,Infant Bacterial Therapeutics ABInfant Bacterial Therapeutics AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556873-8586  with its registered office in Stockholm  gives notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on May 8  2023 at 15.00 CEST at Westmanska Palatset  conference room Bryggarkungen  Holländargatan 17  Stockholm.Right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and notice of participationA shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting must (i) be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on April 27  2023  and (ii) no later than May 2  2023 give notice by post to Bryggargatan 10  111 21 Stockholm  Sweden  or via e-mail to ibt@ibtherapeutics.com. When providing such notice  the shareholder shall state name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying assistant(s) (maximum two assistants) as well as information about any proxy.If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written  dated proxy for the representative must be issued. A proxy form is available on the company’s website  www.ibtherapeutics.com. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. To facilitate the registration at the General Meeting  the proxy and the certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be sent to the company as set out above so that it is received no later than May 7  2023.Nominee-registered sharesTo be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on April 27  2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than May 2  2023 are taken into account when preparing the share register.Story continuesProposed agenda1. Opening of the Meeting2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting3. Preparation and approval of the voting list4. Election of one or two persons who shall approve the minutes of the Meeting5. Approval of the agenda6. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation by the CEO8. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor’s report as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditor’s report on the consolidated financial statements  and the auditor’s statement regarding the company’s compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to the executive management in effect since the previous Annual General Meeting9. Resolutions regarding:a) adoption of the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheetb) allocation of the company’s result pursuant to the adopted balance sheetc) discharge from liability for the Board members and the CEO10. Resolution regarding the number of Board members and Auditors11. Determinations of fees to the Board of Directors and Auditor12. Election of Board membersThe Nominating Committee’s proposal:a) Re-election of Margareta Hagmanb) Re-election of Eva Idénc) Re-election of Anthon Jahreskogd) Re-election of Kristina Sjöblom Nygrene) Re-election of Peter Rothschild13. Election of the Chairman of the Board of Directors.The Nominating Committee’s proposal:a) Re-election of Peter Rothschild14. Election of Auditor15. Resolution regarding the Nominating Committee16. Presentation of the Board’s remuneration report for approval17. The Board’s proposal for resolution regarding amendment of the Articles of Association18. The Board’s proposal for resolution regarding authorization for new issuance of shares19. The Board’s proposal for a resolution regarding implementation of an incentive program20. Closing of the MeetingThe Nominating Committee’s proposalsItems 2 and 10–14 – Proposals regarding the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting  the number of Board members and the number of Auditors  fees to the Board of Directors and the Auditor  and election of Board members  Chairman of the Board of Directors and AuditorThe Nominating Committee  consisting of Per-Erik Andersson (the chairman of the Nominating Committee) (appointed by the largest shareholder Annwall & Rothschild Investments AB)  Sebastian Jahreskog (who by direct and indirect ownership is the second largest shareholder of the company)  Jannis Kitsakis (appointed by the third largest shareholder the Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund) and Peter Rothschild (chairman of the Board of Directors) has submitted the following proposals:Erik Sjöman is proposed to be elected chairman of the Annual General Meeting (item 2).The number of Board members elected by the General Meeting is proposed to be five without any alternate board members (item 10).The number of auditors is proposed to be an authorised audit firm without any alternate auditors (item 10).Fees to the Board of Directors is proposed to be paid for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting as follows: SEK 312 000 (previously SEK 300 000) to the Chairman of the Board of Directors and an unchanged extra remuneration of SEK 400 000 annually for the duties as working Chairman of the Board and SEK 156 000 (previously SEK 150 000) to each of the other Board members. For the Remuneration Committee  an unchanged fee of SEK 40 000 is proposed to the Chairman and SEK 20 000 to each of the other members of the Committee. In addition  the Board members may be entitled to reasonable remuneration for travel expenses for their participation in Board activities (item 11).The fees to the auditor is proposed to be paid in accordance with approved invoices (item 11).It is proposed that Margareta Hagman  Eva Idén  Anthon Jahreskog  Kristina Sjöblom Nygren and Peter Rothschild are re-elected as Board members for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting (item 12).It is proposed that Peter Rothschild is re-elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors (item 13).It is proposed that Deloitte AB is re-elected as auditor for the company for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  which is in accordance with the Board of Directors’ recommendation (item 14).Information about the members proposed for re-election can be found at the company´s website  www.ibtherapeutics.com.Item 15 – Resolution regarding the Nominating CommitteeThe Nominating Committee proposes that no fees shall be paid to the Nominating Committee  but the Company shall bear reasonable costs which are deemed necessary by the Nominating Committee in order for the Nominating Committee to fulfill its mandate.Further  the Nominating Committee proposes that the following principles shall apply to the convening of the Nominating Committee for the Annual General Meeting 2024:The Chairman of the Board shall convene the three  in terms of voting rights  largest shareholders in the company  each of which shall appoint a representative to be a member of the Nominating Committee together with the Chairman of the Board. Composing the Nominating Committee  the ownership structure as per June 30  2023 will determine who are the largest shareholders in terms of voting rights. The Nominating Committee shall be chaired by the member representing the largest shareholder as determined by voting rights on this date. If any of the three largest shareholders waives their right to appoint a member of the Nominating Committee  this right shall be vested in the shareholder that  after these shareholders  has the largest shareholding. The names of the three owner’s representatives shall be published as soon as they have been appointed  but no later than six months before the Annual General Meeting 2024. The Nominating Committee’s term of office extends until the new Nominating Committee is appointed.In the event that the shareholder the Nominating Committee member represents no longer constitutes one of the three largest shareholders in terms of voting rights  the Nominating Committee  if it finds it appropriate  may dismiss that member and give a representative of the shareholder that is next in terms or voting power the opportunity to be elected. In the event that a nominated member of the Nominating Committee for other reason resigns from the Nominating Committee  the shareholder who appointed the member in question shall be entitled to appoint a new representative in the Nominating Committee. If such shareholder declines to appoint a new representative  the Nominating Committee shall  if it considers it appropriate with regard to the remaining term of office  request that the shareholder that is next in terms of voting power determine  if it wishes to appoint a representative to the Nominating Committee.No remuneration shall be paid to the members of the Nominating Committee. Any expenses for the Nominating Committee’s work shall be assumed by the company.The Nominating Committee shall prepare proposals in the following questions to besubmitted to the Annual General Meeting 2024 for decision:a) proposal for election of the Chairman of the Annual General Meetingb) proposal for election of Board membersc) proposal for election of the Chairman of the Boardd) proposal for determination of Board feese) proposal for election of Auditorf) proposal for determination of Auditor feesg) proposal for a resolution regarding the Nominating Committee prior to the 2025 Annual General Meeting.The Board of Director’s proposalsItem 9b – Resolution regarding allocation of the company’s resultThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend be paid and that the result for the period be carried forward.Item 17 – The Board’s proposal for a resolution regarding amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend the Articles of Association so that:(i) the Swedish word ”firma” (En. name) in § 1 shall  due to changes in legislation  be replaced with the Swedish word ”företagsnamn” (En. name); and(ii) a new provision (§ 13) with heading ”Collection of powers of attorney and postal voting” shall be included  which shall read:”The board of directors may collect powers of attorney in accordance with the procedures described in Chapter 7  Section 4  second paragraph  of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551).The board of directors may resolve  prior to a shareholders’ meeting  that the shareholders shall be entitled to exercise their voting rights by post prior to the shareholders’ meeting.”Item 18 – The Board’s proposal for a resolution regarding authorization for new issuance of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting approves that the Board of Directors have a mandate to  on one or more occasion until the next Annual General Meeting  issue new shares. The Board of Directors will be able to decide on a new issuance of shares with deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emption rights. This authorisation is to include the right to issue shares with cash payment  payment by contribution in kind or payment by way of set-off  and otherwise subject to conditions as set out in Chapter 13  Section 5  first paragraph 6 of the Swedish Companies Act.The decision by the Board of Directors in relation to a new share issue that deviates from shareholders’ pre-emption rights (directed issue) shall not exceed a twenty percent increase in share capital in relation to the share capital when the mandate for new issue is first utilised by the Board of Directors.The share issue under this authorization shall be on market terms. The Board shall have the right to determine the conditions of the issue under this authorization as well as mandate to determine who has the right to subscribe for shares. The purpose of the authorization is to provide the Board with flexibility in efforts to ensure that the company  in an appropriate manner  has additional capital to finance the company’s ongoing clinical activities  and to enable a broadening of the owner base of the company.The CEO  or the person who is appointed by the Board of Directors  shall be authorised to make such adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Item 19 – The Board’s proposal for a resolution regarding implementation of an incentive programThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to adopt an incentive program for the company’s employees and key persons engaged as consultants via i) a directed issue of warrants to the company or its wholly owned subsidiary IBT Baby AB  Reg. No 559110-7353 (the “Subsidiary”)  and ii) approval of transfer of warrants to participants in the incentive program. Each warrant entitles to subscription of one (1) new Class B share in the company.The Board of Directors believes that it is important and in the interest of all shareholders that the employees and other key persons  who are deemed to be important for the company’s further development  have a long-term interest in a good value increase of the company’s shares. A personal long-term ownership commitment can be expected to contribute to an increased interest in the company’s operations and earnings and raise the participants’ motivation and connection with the company and its shareholders.Based on the existing number of shares in the company  the dilution resulting from the proposed incentive program  assuming that all warrants are exercised for subscription of new Class B shares  will be approximately 1.45 percent of the shares and approximately 1.12 percent of the votes. The percentage dilution in respect of the shares has been calculated according to the following formula: 1-(existing number of shares/new number of shares)  and in respect of the votes according to the following formula: 1-(existing number of votes/new number of votes). This calculation does not consider already outstanding warrants in the incentive programs that were implemented in 2020 and 2022  respectively. The dilution is expected to have a limited effect on the company’s key performance indicators.This proposal has been prepared by the remuneration committee and thereafter by the Board of Directors in consultation with external advisors.Directed issue of warrants to the company or the SubsidiaryThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a directed issue of a maximum of 165 000 warrants on the following terms:The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  belong to the company or the Subsidiary. Over-subscription cannot occur.The reason for the deviation from shareholders’ preferential rights is that the issue is a part of the implementation of the incentive program  with which the company’s employees and other key persons are given the opportunity to take part in a positive development in the company. The existence of such a program is expected to increase the company’s ability to attract and retain qualified employees.Subscription of the warrants shall be made through subscription on a subscription list no later than May 17  2023. The Board of Directors shall be entitled to extend the subscription period.The warrants are issued free of charge.Each warrant will entitle the holder to subscribe for one (1) new Class B share in the company at a subscription price corresponding to 200 percent of the volume-weighted average price of the company’s share according to Nasdaq Stockholm’s official price list during the period ten (10) trading days before May 8  2023. Any share premium shall be transferred to the unrestricted premium reserve.Subscription of Class B shares by exercise of warrants shall be made in accordance with the terms of the warrants from June 1  2026 up to and including September 30  2026.If all warrants are exercised for subscription of Class B shares  the company’s registered share capital will increase by SEK 44 970.254221 (given current quota value and provided that no recalculation is carried out pursuant to the warrant terms).Class B shares issued as a result of subscription shall entitle to dividends on the dividend record date occurring after the share capital is registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) and Class B shares have been recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB.The warrants will otherwise be subject to customary terms regarding inter alia recalculation  which are included in the board’s complete proposal.Approval of transfer of warrants from the Subsidiary to participants in the incentive programThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve that the company or the Subsidiary transfers a maximum of 165 000 warrants to the company’s CEO  senior executives and other employees and key persons engaged as consultants  or to companies wholly owned by such persons  according to the following principles.Category A – CEO: the CEO may be allotted a maximum of 50 000 warrants.Category B – other senior executives: participants in this category may be allotted a maximum of 100 000 warrants collectively and each participant in the category may be allotted a maximum of 25 000 warrants individually.Category C – other employees and key persons engaged as consultants: participants in this category may be allotted a maximum of 50 000 warrants collectively and each participant may be allotted a maximum of 10 000 warrants individually.In addition to the above-mentioned maximum number of warrants for each category  the allotment may not exceed the total number of warrants specified above (165 000).The warrants shall be transferred on market terms at a price established on the basis of an estimated market value of the warrants at the time of the transfer by applying the Black & Scholes method of valuation (option premium). Calculation of the option premium shall be performed by an independent valuation expert.In order to enable the participants acquisition of the warrants  the board may decide on an extra bonus payment which net after deduction for taxes and social security contributions is equivalent to 100% of the option premium.In addition  a so-called pre-emption agreement shall be entered into  pursuant to which the warrant holder shall be obliged to offer the company or the Subsidiary to acquire the warrants  or a portion of them  under certain conditions.Transfer of warrants to participants in the incentive program requires that such transfer may be lawfully made and that it  according to the Board of Directors’ assessment  may be made to reasonable administrative costs.The employees who are entitled to acquire warrants must notify their intention to acquire warrants during the period from May 20  2023 up to and including June 7  2023. However  the Board of Directors shall have the right to extend the time for such notification and to resolve on a new notification period for employees whose acquisitions occur after the initial acquisition period has ended.Costs for the incentive programThe incentive program has been prepared in consultation with external legal and financial advisers and the costs for this guidance is estimated to amount to a maximum of SEK 80 000. The company’s costs for bonus payments to cover the option premium are currently expected to amount to approximately SEK 2 400 000. Bonus payments may however only amount to a maximum of SEK 4 000 000.According to a preliminary valuation  the market value of the warrants corresponds to approximately SEK 4.76 per warrant (assuming a price of the company’s shares of approximately SEK 47.0 per share  a risk-free interest rate of approximately 2.56 percent and an assumed volatility of 39 percent)  calculated by applying the Black-Scholes method of valuation. Upon transfer of warrants to participants  the market value will be determined based on updated assumptions and then known parameters.In addition to the costs stated above  the Board of Directors deems that the incentive program will cause certain administrative costs in connection with registration  transfer and share subscription by exercise of warrants.Other outstanding share-related incentive programs in the companyWarrant program 2020/2024On June 16  2020  the Annual General Meeting decided on an incentive program by a directed issue of warrants to the Subsidiary. The number of issued warrants is 375 000. In total 244 073 warrants have been transferred to employees. The transfers have been carried out on market terms at a price determined at the time of the transfers by applying the Black & Scholes method of valuation.The holder of warrants may  during the period from July 1  2024 up to and including September 30  2024  for each warrant subscribe for one (1) new Class B share in the company at a subscription price per share amounting to SEK 400.Warrant program 2022/2025On May 4  2022  the Annual General Meeting decided on an incentive program by a directed issue of warrants to the Subsidiary. The number of issued warrants is 304 500. In total 272 000 warrants have been transferred to employees. The transfers have been carried out on market terms at a price determined at the time of the transfers by applying the Black & Scholes method of valuation.The holder of warrants may  during the period from June 1  2025 up to and including September 30  2025  for each warrant subscribe for one (1) new Class B share in the company at a subscription price per share amounting to SEK 129.56.There are no other share-based incentive programs in the company.Majority requirementsThe resolutions above are conditional on each other and are therefore to be adopted jointly. A valid resolution requires approval of shareholders representing at least nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.OtherThe CEO  or any other person appointed by the Board of Directors  shall have the right to take those smaller measures that may be required in order to register and implement the resolution.Further informationSpecial majority requirementsA resolution in accordance with the proposal in item 17 and item 18 above shall only be valid where supported by not less than two-thirds of both votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders’ right to obtain informationShareholders are reminded of their right to  at the Annual General Meeting  obtain information from the Board of Directors and CEO in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act. Shareholders who wish to submit questions in advance may do so by sending post to Bryggargatan 10  111 21 Stockholm  Sweden or via e-mail to ibt@ibtherapeutics.com.Number of shares and votesThere are 11 226 184 shares outstanding in IBT  corresponding to 14 625 808 votes  of which 377 736 are Class A shares which entitles to 10 votes per share and 10 848 448 are Class B shares which entitles to 1 vote per share. As of the date of this notice  the company holds no shares.Available documentation and proxy formsThe annual report  the Board of Directors’ remuneration report and all other documentation for resolutions are available at the company’s office at Bryggargatan 10  111 21 Stockholm  Sweden  and on the company´s website www.ibtherapeutics.com  no later than three weeks before the Annual General Meeting. Moreover  the Nominating Committee’s motivated statement is available at the company’s above address  as well as on www.ibtherapeutics.com  from the date of this notice. Copies of the documents will be sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the company of their postal address.Personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see the integrity policy available on Euroclear’s website  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.This notice is a translation of a Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the both language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Stockholm in April 2023The Board of Directors of Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB (publ)Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Infant Bacterial Therapeutics', 'Notice', 'Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund', 'Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB', 'Kristina Sjöblom Nygren', 'previous Annual General Meeting', 'Erik Sjöman', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Eva Idén', 'Rothschild Investments AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'maximum two assistants', 'The Nominating Committee', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'consolidated income statement', 'second largest shareholder', 'third largest shareholder', 'voting right registration', 'corporate registration number', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'annual report', 'Peter Rothschild', 'Westmanska Palatset', 'conference room', 'Holländargatan', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'right registrations', 'executive management', 'Margareta Hagman', 'Anthon Jahreskog', 'new issuance', 'incentive program', 'Per-Erik Andersson', 'Sebastian Jahreskog', 'indirect ownership', 'Jannis Kitsakis', 'The Board', 'Such registration', 'Board members', 'telephone number', 'state name', 'following proposals', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'proxy form', 'remuneration report', 'equivalent certificate', 'publ', 'Reg.', 'office', 'Stockholm', 'notice', 'May', 'Bryggarkungen', 'participation', 'circumstances', 'April', 'post', 'Bryggargatan', 'mail', 'ibt', 'personal', 'address', 'information', 'written', 'representative', 'company', 'website', 'authority', 'addition', 'notification', 'accordance', 'procedures', 'time', 'advance', 'account', 'Story', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'CEO', 'auditor', 'compliance', 'guidelines', 'effect', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'Directors', 'amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'authorization', 'implementation', 'Closing', 'Items', 'Annwall', '15.00', '9.']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22043,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SCANFIL-OYJ-9711350/news/Scanfil-Oyj-User-guide-for-remote-meeting-43411529/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Scanfil Oyj : User guide for remote meeting,(marketscreener.com)   User Guide   Scanfil Plc Annual General Meeting 2023   Thursday  April 27th  2023  at 12:00 EET   Things to consider   Change the language settings on your computer or smartphone into English to get the best possible user …,"User GuideScanfil Plc Annual General Meeting 2023Thursday  April 27th  2023  at 12:00 EETThings to considerChange the language settings on your computer or smartphone into English to get the best possible user experience. For example  if the language settings on your device is in Finnish  some of the program's terminology will be in that language.Requirements for internet connectionsAn active internet connection is required during the time of the meeting. Connection is required in order to watch the audio and video broadcast  submit questions and comments  asking for permission to speak and vote when the poll opens. It is a shareholder's responsibility to ensure a working internet connection for the whole time of the meeting.In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  a smartphone or a tablet with speakers or headphones for sound reproduction and a microphone for asking questions or making comments. It is recommended to use the latest versions of Chrome  Edge  Firefox or Safari.Audio and Video BroadcastOnce logged in  you can follow the broadcast of the meeting. The meeting will be broadcasted in audio and video format.Meeting will be held on Lumi Holdings Ltd's platform. Euroclear Finland Ltd provides the AV-signal.Log inLog into https://web.lumiagm.com/120-032-869Enter your individual User ID and password which are found in emails sent after the registration for the meeting has ended.Access to the meeting will be available starting from 11:30.Please note that the General Meeting starts at 12:00.Representing more than one shareholderIf you are a representative of more than one shareholder  and their voting instructions differs from each other  please  send the needed documents and the information of differing voting behaviors to yhtiokokous@euroclear.euwell before the notification period ends.Requesting permission to speakIf you would like to ask a question verbally  click on the 'Request To Speak' button at the bottom of the broadcast window and follow the instructions to join the audio questions queue. The button will appear at the top of the window in full-screen mode.Confirm your request by pressing ""Send request""-button.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.65,0.34,0.01,True,English,"['Scanfil Oyj', 'User guide', 'remote meeting', 'Scanfil Plc Annual General Meeting', 'best possible user experience', 'Lumi Holdings Ltd', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'individual User ID', 'differing voting behaviors', 'active internet connection', 'working internet connection', 'audio questions queue', 'User Guide', 'internet connections', 'sound reproduction', 'latest versions', 'video format', 'voting instructions', 'notification period', 'full-screen mode', 'video broadcast', 'language settings', 'one shareholder', 'Send request', 'broadcast window', 'Thursday', 'April', '12:00 EET', 'Things', 'computer', 'smartphone', 'English', 'example', 'device', 'Finnish', 'program', 'Requirements', 'time', 'order', 'comments', 'permission', 'poll', 'responsibility', 'addition', 'participation', 'tablet', 'speakers', 'headphones', 'microphone', 'Chrome', 'Edge', 'Firefox', 'Safari', 'platform', 'AV-signal', 'Log', 'lumiagm', 'password', 'emails', 'registration', 'Access', 'representative', 'documents', 'information', 'euwell', 'button', 'bottom', 'top']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22044,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PRECISE-BIOMETRICS-AB-PU-30049589/news/Precise-Biometrics-Boards-proposal-on-authorisation-to-resolve-on-share-issues-43418371/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Precise Biometrics : Boards proposal on authorisation to resolve on share issues,(marketscreener.com)   The Board of Directors' proposal authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of shares   The Board of Directors of Precise Biometrics AB  Corp. Reg. No. 556545-6596  hereby proposes that the Annual General Meeting …,"The Board of Directors' proposal authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of sharesThe Board of Directors of Precise Biometrics AB  Corp. Reg. No. 556545-6596  (the ""Company"") hereby proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors for the period up to the next Annual General Meeting to resolve  whether on one or several occasions  to issue not more than 2 819 520 ordinary shares. The Board of Directors shall be authorised to adopt decisions on an issue of ordinary shares with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights and/or an issue in kind or an issue by way of set-off or otherwise on such terms and conditions as referred to in Chapter 2  Section 5  second paragraph  points 1-3 and 5  of the Swedish Companies Act.An issue in accordance with this authorization shall be on market conditions  subject to issue discounts in line with market practice. The Board of Directors shall be authorised to decide on the terms and conditions regarding issues under this authorisation and what persons shall be entitled to subscribe for the shares. The reason to propose that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to resolve on an issue with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights and that the board shall be authorised to decide on an issue in kind or an issue by way of set-off or otherwise on such terms and conditions as referred to above is that the Company shall be able to issue shares to those who have entered into guarantee commitments with the Company in connection with the rights issue resolved by the Board of Directors on 4 April 2023  subject to the approval from the general meeting  and who wish to receive compensation for such guarantee commitments through new shares in the CompanyIt is proposed that the managing director is authorised to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB.______________________A resolution in accordance with the proposal is valid only if supported by shareholders holding at least two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.______________________Lund in April 2023Precise Biometrics ABThe Board of Directors",neutral,0.08,0.89,0.03,positive,0.75,0.25,0.0,True,English,"['Precise Biometrics', 'share issues', 'Boards', 'authorisation', 'Swedish Companies Registration Office', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Precise Biometrics AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', ""shareholders' pre-emption rights"", ""Directors' proposal authorisation"", 'Corp. Reg.', 'several occasions', 'second paragraph', 'market practice', 'guarantee commitments', 'managing director', 'minor adjustments', 'rights issue', '2,819,520 ordinary shares', 'new shares', 'market conditions', 'The Board', 'Company', 'period', 'one', 'decisions', 'deviation', 'kind', 'way', 'set-off', 'terms', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'points', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'discounts', 'line', 'issues', 'persons', 'reason', 'connection', '4 April', 'approval', 'compensation', 'resolution', 'two-thirds', 'votes', 'Lund']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22045,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FBD-HOLDINGS-PLC-1412373/news/FBD-Form-of-Proxy-43417372/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,FBD : Form of Proxy,(marketscreener.com)   12URCC D01   All Holders   Explanatory Notes:    Attendance Card   Please bring this card with you to the Meeting and present it at Shareholder registration/accreditation.   The Chairman of FBD Holdings plc ...https://…,"Attendance CardPlease bring this card with you to the Meeting and present it at Shareholder registration/accreditation.The Chairman of FBD Holdings plc (""the Company"") invites you to submit your proxy for the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held at The Irish Farm Centre  Bluebell  Dublin 12 on Thursday  11 May 2023 at 11:00 a.m.Shareholder Reference NumberPlease detach this portion before posting this form.and agree to certain terms and conditions.You will be asked to enter the Control Number  Shareholder Reference Number (SRN) and PIN sh wn pp siteForm of Proxy - Annual General Meeting ('AGM') of FBD Holdings plc to be held on 11 May 2023View the Annual Report online: www.fbdgroup.comTo be effective  all proxy appoint ents ust be lodged with the Company's registrars at:Computershare Investor Services (Ireland) Limited  3100 Lake Drive  Citywest Business Campus  Dublin 24  D24 AK82  Ireland by 9 May 2023 at 11:00 a.m.1. Every holder has the right to appoint some other person(s) of their choice  who need 4. The 'Vote Withheld' option overleaf is provided to enable you to abstain on any particularnot be a shareholder as his proxy to exercise all r any f his ights  to attend  speak resolution. However  it should be noted that a 'Vote Withheld' is not a vote in law andand vote on their behalf at the meeting. If you wish to app int a pe s n ther than the will not be counted in the calculation of the proportion of the votes 'For' and 'Against'Chairman  please insert the name of your chosen pr xy h lder in the space p ovided a resolution.(see reverse). A Shareholder may appoint more than ne pr xy to attend and vote at 5. Pursuant to Section 1105 of the Companies Act  2014  entitlement to attend and vote atthe meeting provided each proxy is appointed to exercise rights attached to different the meeting and the number of votes which may be cast thereat will be determined byshares held by that Shareholder. If the proxy is bei g app ted in relati n to less than reference to the Register of Members of the Company at 6:00 p.m. on the day which isyour full voting entitlement  please e ter in the box ext to the proxy holder's name four days before the date of the meeting or if the AGM is adjourned  at 6:00 p.m. on the(see reverse) the number of shares in relation to which they are authorised to act as day which is four days before the date appointed for the adjourned meeting. Changesyour proxy. If left blank your proxy will be deemed to be authorised in respect of your to entries on the Register of Members after that time shall be disregarded in determiningfull voting entitlement (or if this proxy has been issued in respect of a designated the rights of any person to attend and vote at the meeting.account for a shareholder  the full voti g e titleme t for that designated account). Where 6. Following the migration of the Company's ordinary shares from the CREST system toa poll is taken at the AGM  a Sha eholder  present in person or proxy  holding more the securities settlement system operated by Euroclear Bank SA/NV(""Euroclear Bank"")than one share is not equi ed to cast all their votes in the same way. (the ""EB System"") on 15 March 2021  the process for appointing a proxy and/or voting2. To appoint more than one p oxy  an additional proxy form(s) may be obtained by at the meeting will depend on the manner in which you hold your ordinary shares. Thiscontacting the Regist a 's helpline on +353 1 447 5101 or you may photocopy the Form of Proxy is for completion by shareholders whose names appear on the registerreverse nly f this f m. Please indicate in the box next to the proxy holder's name of members of the Company (i.e. those who hold their ordinary shares in certiﬁcated(see reverse) the number f shares in relation to which they are authorised to act as (i.e. paper) form) and who wish to appoint a proxy for the AGM. Persons who hold theiryour proxy. Please also indicate by ticking the box provided if the proxy instruction is one interests in ordinary shares as Belgian law rights through the EB System or as CRESTof multiple instructi ns being given. All forms must be signed and should be returned Depository Interests through the CREST system should consult with their stockbrokertogether in the same envel pe. of Proxy together with any power of attorney or other intermediary at the earliest opportunity for further information on the processes3. To be effective  the completed and timelines for submitting proxy votes for the AGM through the respective systems.or other authority under which it is executed  or a notarially certiﬁed copy thereof  7. The above is how your address appears on the Register of Members. If this informationmust be deposited with the Registrar of the Company before the deadline set is incorrect please ring the registrar's helpline on +353 1 447 5101 to request aoutFormabove. A Shareholder wishing to appoint a proxy by electronic means may change of address form or go to www.investorcentre.com/ie to use the online Investordo so on the Registrar's website www.eproxyappointment.com. Details of the Centre service.requirements are set out above. A Shareholder who wishes to appoint more than 8. Any alterations made to this form should be initialled.one proxy by electronic means must contact the Registrars by sending an email to 9. The appointment of a proxy will not preclude a member from attending the meeting andclientservices@computershare.ie",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.19,0.53,True,English,"['FBD', 'Form', 'Proxy', 'The Irish Farm Centre', 'pr xy h lder', 'additional proxy form(s', 'ne pr xy', 'FBD Holdings plc', 'Citywest Business Campus', 'full voti g', 'multiple instructi ns', 'Computershare Investor Services', 'one p oxy', 'securities settlement system', 'Euroclear Bank SA', 'full voting entitlement', 'same envel pe', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Belgian law rights', 'Shareholder Reference Number', 'Annual Report', 'same way', 'online Investor', 'one share', 'one interests', 'EB System', 'Control Number', '3100 Lake Drive', 'D24 AK82', 'Companies Act', 'Sha eholder', 'number f', 'Depository Interests', 'other intermediary', 'earliest opportunity', 'respective systems', 'other authority', 'electronic means', 'CREST system', 'paper) form', 'Shareholder registration/accreditation', 'ordinary shares', 'Attendance Card', 'proxy appoint', 'proxy instruction', 'other person', 'address form', 'proxy holder', 'proxy votes', 'Chairman', 'Company', 'Bluebell', 'Dublin', 'Thursday', 'May', '11:00 a', 'portion', 'terms', 'conditions', 'SRN', 'PIN', 'site', 'AGM', 'registrars', 'Ireland', 'Limited', 'choice', 'option', 'particular', 'resolution', 'behalf', 'calculation', 'name', 'space', 'Section', 'Register', 'Members', 'box', 'date', 'relation', 'Changes', 'entries', 'time', 'account', 'migration', 'poll', '15 March', 'process', 'manner', 'helpline', 'completion', 'shareholders', 'Persons', 'forms', 'stockbroker', 'power', 'attorney', 'information', 'copy', 'deadline', 'investorcentre', '6:00']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22046,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROVIO-ENTERTAINMENT-OYJ-37980118/news/Rovio-Entertainment-Corp-Decisions-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-and-the-organizing-meeting-of-the-43415757/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Rovio Entertainment Corp.: Decisions of the Annual General Meeting and the organizing meeting of the Board of Directors of Rovio Entertainment Corporation,(marketscreener.com)  Rovio Entertainment Corporation           Stock Exchange Release          April 3  2023 at 4:15 p.m. EEST Decisions of the Annual General Meeting of Rovio Entertainment Corporation The Annual General Meeting of Rovio Entertainment...htt…,Rovio Entertainment Corporation Stock Exchange Release April 3  2023 at 4:15 p.m. EESTDecisions of the Annual General Meeting of Rovio Entertainment CorporationThe Annual General Meeting of Rovio Entertainment Corporation was held on April 3  2023  beginning at 1.00 p.m. at Hanaholmen  at the address Hanasaarenranta 5  Espoo  Finland. The Annual General Meeting adopted all the proposals to the General Meeting by the Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Nomination Board  approved the financial statements for the financial year 2022  approved the remuneration report for the company’s governing bodies and discharged the company's management from liability.Use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and payment of dividendThe Annual General Meeting decided  in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  to distribute a dividend of EUR 0.13 per share. The remaining part of the distributable funds will be retained in the shareholders' equity. The dividend will be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the dividend payment April 5  2023 are recorded in the company's shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The dividend will be paid on April 14  2023.Election and remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting decided that the Board of Directors shall comprise six (6) members. Niklas Hed  Camilla Hed-Wilson  Kim Ignatius  Björn Jeffery  and Langer Lee as well as Henna Mäkinen as a new member were elected members of the Board of Directors for the term of office ending at the closure of the Annual General Meeting in 2024.Kim Ignatius was elected Chair of the Board of Directors.Björn Jeffery was elected Vice Chair of the Board of Directors.The remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors was kept unchanged and monthly remuneration will be paid as follows: to the Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 9 500  to the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 7 500  to the other members of the Board of Directors EUR 5 000 each  and as additional monthly compensation to the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 2 500. If the Chair of the Audit Committee is the Chair or Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  no additional compensation will be paid. The company will compensate reasonable travel expenses of the Board members and committee members arising from Board or committee work.Election and remuneration of the auditorErnst & Young Oy  authorized public accountants  was re-elected auditor of the company. Ernst & Young Oy has notified that Terhi Mäkinen  APA  will act as the auditor with principal responsibility. The auditor's term of office will end at the closure of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. The auditor will be paid remuneration according to the auditor's reasonable invoice approved by the company.Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's own sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's own shares. The number of own shares to be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge may not exceed 8 296 382 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10 percent of all the current shares of the company. The company together with its subsidiaries cannot at any moment own or hold as pledge more than 10 percent of all the shares of the company.Only the unrestricted equity of the company can be used to repurchase own shares on the basis of the authorization. Own shares can be repurchased at a price formed in trading on a regulated market on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The Board of Directors is entitled to decide how shares are repurchased and/or accepted as pledge. Own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase).The authorization is in force until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than until June 30  2024.Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act. The number of new shares to be issued on the basis of the authorization may not exceed an aggregate maximum of 8 296 382 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10 percent of all the current shares of the company. In addition to the authorization to issue new shares  the Board of Directors may decide on the conveyance of an aggregate maximum of 8 296 382 own shares held by the company.The Board of Directors is entitled to decide on all terms of the issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares and it is entitled to deviate from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights (directed issue).The authorization is in force until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than until June 30  2024.Decisions taken by the organizing meeting of the Board of DirectorsIn its organizing meeting  which was held immediately after the General Meeting  the Board of Directors elected from amongst its members Kim Ignatius (Chair)  Camilla Hed-Wilson and Henna Mäkinen as members of the Audit Committee  and Camilla Hed-Wilson (Chair)  Kim Ignatius and Björn Jeffery as members of the Remuneration Committee.In Espoo  April 3  2023ROVIO ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATIONTHE BOARD OF DIRECTORSAdditional information:Minna Raitanen  General CounselRovioIR@rovio.com+358 40 730 3442 (Investor Relations phone)Distribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdPrincipal mediahttps://investors.rovio.com/enAbout Rovio:Rovio Entertainment Corporation is a global mobile-first games company that creates  develops and publishes mobile games  which have been downloaded over 5 billion times. Rovio is best known for the global Angry Birds brand  which started as a popular mobile game in 2009  and has since evolved from games to various entertainment  animations and consumer products in brand licensing. Rovio has produced The Angry Birds Movie (2016)  and its sequel  The Angry Birds Movie 2 was released in 2019. The company offers multiple mobile games and has eight game studios – one in Espoo (Finland)  one in Stockholm (Sweden)  one in Copenhagen (Denmark)  one in Barcelona (Spain)  two in Montreal and one in Toronto (Canada). The studios also include a subsidiary in Izmir (Turkey) called Ruby Games  which was acquired in 2021. Most of the employees are based in Finland where Rovio is headquartered. The company’s shares are listed on the main list of NASDAQ Helsinki stock exchange with the trading code ROVIO.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Rovio Entertainment Corp.', 'Rovio Entertainment Corporation', 'Annual General Meeting', 'organizing meeting', 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Rovio Entertainment Corporation Stock Exchange Release', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', ""shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights"", 'Björn Jeffery', 'Henna Mäkinen', 'Terhi Mäkinen', 'reasonable travel expenses', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'additional monthly compensation', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'additional compensation', 'The Board', 'reasonable invoice', 'special rights', ""shareholders' equity"", ""shareholders' register"", 'EEST Decisions', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'governing bodies', 'balance sheet', 'remaining part', 'distributable funds', 'Niklas Hed', 'Camilla Hed-Wilson', 'Kim Ignatius', 'Langer Lee', 'new member', 'Audit Committee', 'committee work', 'Young Oy', 'public accountants', 'principal responsibility', 'unrestricted equity', 'Companies Act', 'aggregate maximum', 'directed issue', 'monthly remuneration', 'six (6) members', 'other members', 'committee members', 'record date', 'regulated market', 'Vice Chair', 'remuneration report', 'current shares', 'Own shares', 'new shares', 'Board members', '8,296,382 shares', 'April', 'Hanaholmen', 'address', 'Hanasaarenranta', 'Espoo', 'proposals', 'Directors', 'company', 'management', 'liability', 'Use', 'profit', 'payment', 'accordance', 'Election', 'term', 'office', 'auditor', 'Ernst', 'APA', 'repurchase', 'acceptance', 'pledge', 'number', '10 percent', 'subsidiaries', 'moment', 'basis', 'authorization', 'price', 'proportion', 'force', 'closing', 'June', 'issuance', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'conveyance', '4:15', '1.00']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22047,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/03/2639710/0/en/Rovio-Entertainment-Corp-Decisions-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-and-the-organizing-meeting-of-the-Board-of-Directors-of-Rovio-Entertainment-Corporation.html,Rovio Entertainment Corp.: Decisions of the Annual General Meeting and the organizing meeting of the Board of Directors of Rovio Entertainment Corporation,Rovio Entertainment Corporation           Stock Exchange Release          April 3  2023 at 4:15 p.m. EEST    Decisions of the Annual General Meeting of......,English FinnishRovio Entertainment Corporation Stock Exchange Release April 3  2023 at 4:15 p.m. EESTDecisions of the Annual General Meeting of Rovio Entertainment CorporationThe Annual General Meeting of Rovio Entertainment Corporation was held on April 3  2023  beginning at 1.00 p.m. at Hanaholmen  at the address Hanasaarenranta 5  Espoo  Finland. The Annual General Meeting adopted all the proposals to the General Meeting by the Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Nomination Board  approved the financial statements for the financial year 2022  approved the remuneration report for the company’s governing bodies and discharged the company's management from liability.Use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and payment of dividendThe Annual General Meeting decided  in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  to distribute a dividend of EUR 0.13 per share. The remaining part of the distributable funds will be retained in the shareholders' equity. The dividend will be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the dividend payment April 5  2023 are recorded in the company's shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The dividend will be paid on April 14  2023.Election and remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting decided that the Board of Directors shall comprise six (6) members. Niklas Hed  Camilla Hed-Wilson  Kim Ignatius  Björn Jeffery  and Langer Lee as well as Henna Mäkinen as a new member were elected members of the Board of Directors for the term of office ending at the closure of the Annual General Meeting in 2024.Kim Ignatius was elected Chair of the Board of Directors.Björn Jeffery was elected Vice Chair of the Board of Directors.The remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors was kept unchanged and monthly remuneration will be paid as follows: to the Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 9 500  to the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 7 500  to the other members of the Board of Directors EUR 5 000 each  and as additional monthly compensation to the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 2 500. If the Chair of the Audit Committee is the Chair or Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  no additional compensation will be paid. The company will compensate reasonable travel expenses of the Board members and committee members arising from Board or committee work.Election and remuneration of the auditorErnst & Young Oy  authorized public accountants  was re-elected auditor of the company. Ernst & Young Oy has notified that Terhi Mäkinen  APA  will act as the auditor with principal responsibility. The auditor's term of office will end at the closure of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. The auditor will be paid remuneration according to the auditor's reasonable invoice approved by the company.Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's own sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's own shares. The number of own shares to be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge may not exceed 8 296 382 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10 percent of all the current shares of the company. The company together with its subsidiaries cannot at any moment own or hold as pledge more than 10 percent of all the shares of the company.Only the unrestricted equity of the company can be used to repurchase own shares on the basis of the authorization. Own shares can be repurchased at a price formed in trading on a regulated market on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The Board of Directors is entitled to decide how shares are repurchased and/or accepted as pledge. Own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase).The authorization is in force until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than until June 30  2024.Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act. The number of new shares to be issued on the basis of the authorization may not exceed an aggregate maximum of 8 296 382 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10 percent of all the current shares of the company. In addition to the authorization to issue new shares  the Board of Directors may decide on the conveyance of an aggregate maximum of 8 296 382 own shares held by the company.The Board of Directors is entitled to decide on all terms of the issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares and it is entitled to deviate from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights (directed issue).The authorization is in force until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than until June 30  2024.Decisions taken by the organizing meeting of the Board of DirectorsIn its organizing meeting  which was held immediately after the General Meeting  the Board of Directors elected from amongst its members Kim Ignatius (Chair)  Camilla Hed-Wilson and Henna Mäkinen as members of the Audit Committee  and Camilla Hed-Wilson (Chair)  Kim Ignatius and Björn Jeffery as members of the Remuneration Committee.In Espoo  April 3  2023ROVIO ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATIONTHE BOARD OF DIRECTORSAdditional information:Minna Raitanen  General CounselRovioIR@rovio.com+358 40 730 3442 (Investor Relations phone)Distribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdPrincipal mediahttps://investors.rovio.com/enAbout Rovio:Rovio Entertainment Corporation is a global mobile-first games company that creates  develops and publishes mobile games  which have been downloaded over 5 billion times. Rovio is best known for the global Angry Birds brand  which started as a popular mobile game in 2009  and has since evolved from games to various entertainment  animations and consumer products in brand licensing. Rovio has produced The Angry Birds Movie (2016)  and its sequel  The Angry Birds Movie 2 was released in 2019. The company offers multiple mobile games and has eight game studios – one in Espoo (Finland)  one in Stockholm (Sweden)  one in Copenhagen (Denmark)  one in Barcelona (Spain)  two in Montreal and one in Toronto (Canada). The studios also include a subsidiary in Izmir (Turkey) called Ruby Games  which was acquired in 2021. Most of the employees are based in Finland where Rovio is headquartered. The company’s shares are listed on the main list of NASDAQ Helsinki stock exchange with the trading code ROVIO.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.56,0.44,0.0,True,English,"['Rovio Entertainment Corp.', 'Rovio Entertainment Corporation', 'Annual General Meeting', 'organizing meeting', 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Rovio Entertainment Corporation Stock Exchange Release', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'next Annual General Meeting', ""shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights"", 'Björn Jeffery', 'Henna Mäkinen', 'Terhi Mäkinen', 'reasonable travel expenses', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'additional monthly compensation', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'additional compensation', 'The Board', 'reasonable invoice', 'special rights', ""shareholders' equity"", ""shareholders' register"", 'English Finnish', 'EEST Decisions', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'governing bodies', 'balance sheet', 'remaining part', 'distributable funds', 'Niklas Hed', 'Camilla Hed-Wilson', 'Kim Ignatius', 'Langer Lee', 'new member', 'Audit Committee', 'committee work', 'Young Oy', 'public accountants', 'principal responsibility', 'unrestricted equity', 'Companies Act', 'aggregate maximum', 'directed issue', 'monthly remuneration', 'six (6) members', 'other members', 'committee members', 'record date', 'regulated market', 'Vice Chair', 'remuneration report', 'current shares', 'Own shares', 'new shares', 'Board members', '8,296,382 shares', 'April', 'Hanaholmen', 'address', 'Hanasaarenranta', 'Espoo', 'proposals', 'Directors', 'company', 'management', 'liability', 'Use', 'profit', 'payment', 'accordance', 'Election', 'term', 'office', 'auditor', 'Ernst', 'APA', 'repurchase', 'acceptance', 'pledge', 'number', '10 percent', 'subsidiaries', 'moment', 'basis', 'authorization', 'price', 'proportion', 'force', 'closing', 'June', 'issuance', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'conveyance', '4:15', '1.00']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,globenewswire.com
22048,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/invitation-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-aak-ab-publ-301788303.html,Invitation to the Annual General Meeting of AAK AB (publ.),MALMÖ  Sweden  April 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AAK AB (publ.) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  May 4  2023 at 14:00. at the premises of Quality Hotel View  Hyllie Stationstorg 29 in Malmö  Swede…,"MALMÖ  Sweden  April 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AAK AB (publ.) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  May 4  2023 at 14:00. at the premises of Quality Hotel View  Hyllie Stationstorg 29 in Malmö  Sweden. The registration for the Annual General Meeting starts at 13:30.A. RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Board of Directors has  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen) and the company's Articles of Association  decided that shareholders shall also be able to exercise their voting rights by postal voting before the Annual General Meeting. Consequently  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting.Participation in person or by proxyShareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy must:firstly  be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 25 April 2023   and  and secondly  notify the company of their intention to attend the Annual General Meeting not later than Thursday 27 April 2023 .The notification of attendance  which may be made in accordance with any of the alternatives specified below  shall state name  address  day-time telephone number  personal or corporate identity number  and the number of shares held. Shareholders who intend to bring assistance shall notify this within the same time limits as for the notification of their own attendance. Shareholders represented by an authorised representative should enclose a proxy in original to their notification. A proxy form is available for downloading on the company website www.aak.com and will be sent by post to shareholders notifying the company and informing the company of their address. Representative of a legal entity shall submit a copy of the registration certificate or corresponding papers of authorisation evidencing the persons authorised to act on behalf of the legal entity.Address: AAK AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden (please mark the envelope ""Annual General Meeting 2023"")Telephone: +46 8 402 90 45Website: www.aak.comParticipation by postal voteShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal vote must:firstly  be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 25 April 2023   and  and secondly  notify the company by submitting a postal vote in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by AAK AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  not later than Thursday 27 April 2023 .A special form must be used for the postal vote. The postal voting form is available on the company's website www.aak.com. Completed and signed postal voting forms may be sent by mail to AAK AB (publ.)  c/o Euroclear Sweden  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to [email protected].Completed forms must be received by Euroclear no later than Thursday 27 April 2023. Shareholders may also  no later than 27 April 2023  cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy. Shareholders may not submit special instructions or conditions with the postal vote. In such case  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form and at https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy.If the shareholder submits the postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Proxy forms are available on the company's website www.aak.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form.A shareholder who wishes to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy must notify the company in accordance with the instructions under the heading Participation in person or by proxy above. This means that a notification of participation only by postal vote is not sufficient for shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to participate at the Annual General Meeting  shareholders with nominee-registered shares must request their bank or broker to have the shares temporarily owner-registered with Euroclear Sweden AB. Such re-registration must be executed with Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Tuesday 25 April 2023. The shareholders must therefore notify the nominee of their request to have the shares re-registered in due time before 25 April 2023. Voting rights registration requested by the shareholder at such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than Thursday 27 April 2023 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.B. AGENDAOpening of the Meeting Election of Chairman of the Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of agenda. Election of persons to verify the Minutes of the Meeting. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been properly convened. Report by the Managing Director. Presentation of the Annual Report  the Auditor's Report and the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Group Auditor's Report for the financial year 2022 and the statement from the company's auditor confirming compliance with the guidelines for the remuneration of senior executives that have applied since the preceding Annual General Meeting. Resolutions as to:a) adoption of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet and the Consolidated Income Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet  as per 31 December 2022b) appropriation of the company's profit according to the adopted Balance Sheet and resolution on record date; andc) discharge from liability of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director. Determination of the number of Directors of the Board. Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and auditor. Election of members of the Board of Directors and auditor. Proposal regarding the Nomination Committee. Resolution on approval of remuneration report. Proposal regarding guidelines for remuneration of senior executives. Resolution on the implementation of a performance and share based long-term incentive program (Incentive Program 2023/2026) to replace AAK's existing long-term cash bonus program  and transfer of the company's own shares. Resolution regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues. Resolution regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase and transfer of the company's own shares. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Election of Chairman of the Meeting (item 2)The Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2023  consisting of Chairman Märta Schörling Andreen (Melker Schörling AB)  Henrik Didner (Didner & Gerge Fonder)  William McKechnie (Alecta) and Elisabet Jamal Bergström (SEB Investment Management) has proposed that Georg Brunstam shall be elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting 2023.Proposal regarding the appropriation of the company's profit (item 9 b)The Board of Directors has proposed that a dividend of SEK 2.75 per share be declared for the financial year 2022. As record day for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes Monday 8 May 2023. If the Annual General Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday 11 May 2023.Proposal regarding the election of the Board of Directors  auditor and determination of fees (items 10-12)The Nomination Committee has proposed the following:The number of directors shall be seven without any deputy directors.The total fee payable to the Board of Directors shall be SEK 4 290 000 (including remuneration for committee work) to be distributed among the directors as follows: SEK 1 000 000 to the Chairman and SEK 440 000 to each of the other directors elected at a general meeting and not employed by the company. Remuneration for committee work shall be payable as follows: SEK 250 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 125 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee  SEK 100 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and SEK 50 000 to each of the other members of the Remuneration Committee. The auditor shall be remunerated in accordance with agreement.(including remuneration for committee work) to be distributed among the directors as follows: to the Chairman and to each of the other directors elected at a general meeting and not employed by the company. Remuneration for committee work shall be payable as follows: to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and to each of the other members of the Audit Committee  to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and to each of the other members of the Remuneration Committee. The auditor shall be remunerated in accordance with agreement. Re-election of the Board members Märta Schörling Andreen  Marianne Kirkegaard   Georg Brunstam and Patrik Andersson   as well as new election of Nils-Johan Andersson   Fabienne Saadane-Oaks and Ian Roberts . Gun Nilsson has declined re-election.  Georg Brunstam and   as well as new election of   and . Gun Nilsson has declined re-election. Re-election of Georg Brunstam as Chairman of the Board.Re-election of the accounting firm KPMG AB  for a period of mandate of one year  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  consequently up to and including the Annual General Meeting 2024  whereby the accounting firm has informed that the authorised public accountant Jonas Nihlberg will be appointed as auditor in charge.Nils-Johan Andersson (born 1962) has since 1 October 2022 been the CEO of Melker Schörling AB. Prior to that  he was CFO at MSX International  CFO at Bravida  CFO and Head of business area Ventilation at Lindab and has in addition thereto held various finance positions within Boliden and Munksjö. Nils-Johan holds a Master of Science in Economics and Business Administration from Jönköping University. Nils-Johan is a member of the board of Mexab tjänste AB and a member of the investment committee of Greenbridge. Nils-Johan is assessed to be independent in relation to the company and its management but dependent in relation to a major shareholder of the company. Nils-Johan's (including related persons and entities) shareholding in the company amounts to 1 600 shares.Fabienne Saadane-Oaks (born 1958) has since 2015 been the CEO of ABF Ingredients  a division of Associated British Foods. Prior to that  she has held various management positions within Dupont  Danisco  Rhodia  SKW/Degussa Group and Sanofi Bio-Industries. Fabienne holds a Master in Mechanical Engineering from ENSTA and an MBA from ESSEC. Fabienne is a non-executive director of Fermentalg  Roal Oy and Fytexia Group and member of the Comité Sully. She is assessed to be independent both in relation to the company and its management as well as major shareholders of the company. Fabienne (including related persons and entities) does not own any shares or other financial instruments in the company.Ian Roberts (born 1970) has since 2011 been the Chief Technology Officer (CTO) of Bühler Group. He is also a member of an advisory board for Dole Packaged Goods  vice chairman of the board of Restor as well as co-founder and president of Mass Challenge Switzerland. His previous working experiences include  among others  various management positions within Nestlé. Ian holds a Ph.D. in Process Engineering  a Master of Science in Chemical Engineering and a Bachelor of Engineering in Biochemical Engineering from the University of Wales  Swansea  United Kingdom. He is assessed to be independent both in relation to the company and its management as well as major shareholders of the company. Ian (including related persons and entities) does not own any shares or other financial instruments in the company.Proposal regarding the Nomination Committee (item 13)Shareholders  jointly representing approximately 43 percent of the shares and votes in the company as per 28 February 2023  have notified the company of their proposal regarding Nomination Committee.Proposal regarding Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2024The Nomination Committee shall have four members.Re-election of Märta Schörling Andreen (Melker Schörling AB)  Henrik Didner (Didner & Gerge Fonder )  William McKechnie (Alecta) and Elisabet Jamal Bergström (SEB Investment Management) as members of the Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2024.(Didner & )  (Alecta) and Elisabet Jamal Bergström (SEB Investment Management) as members of the Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2024. Re-election of Märta Schörling Andreen as Chairman of the Nomination Committee.In case a shareholder  represented by a member of the Nomination Committee  is no longer one of the major shareholders of AAK AB  or if a member of the Nomination Committee is no longer employed by such shareholder or for any other reason leaves the Nomination Committee before the Annual General Meeting 2024  the Committee shall be entitled to appoint another representative among the major shareholders to replace such member.Tasks of the Nomination CommitteePrior to the Annual General Meeting 2024  the Nomination Committee shall prepare and submit proposals for the election of Chairman and other members of the Board of Directors  the election of Chairman of the Annual General Meeting  fees to the Board of Directors and auditor and matters related thereto  the election of members of the Nomination Committee or principles for appointment of a Nomination Committee and  in conjunction with the Audit Committee  election of auditor and in other respects pursue the tasks that  according to the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance  are the responsibility of a nomination committee.Approval of remuneration report (item 14)The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board's remuneration report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Proposal regarding guidelines for remuneration to senior executives (item 15)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives as follows.These guidelines include the CEO and the persons who during the period the guidelines apply are included in the group management. The guidelines are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the Annual General Meeting 2023. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting.The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityAAK's business strategy is described on AAK's website  www.aak.com.A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end  it is necessary that the company offers competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable the company to offer the executive management a competitive total remuneration.Warrants programs have been implemented in the company for senior executives and key employees within the AAK Group. The programs have been resolved by the general meeting and are therefore excluded from these guidelines. For more information regarding the programs  see AAK's Annual Report 2022  note 8. The Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting 2023 to resolve on the implementation of a new performance based long-term incentive program for senior executives and key employees within the AAK Group (Incentive Program 2023/2026). In total  Incentive Program 2023/2026 comprises approximately 70 senior executives and key employees within the Group. The program entails that the participants receive a conditional right to receive AAK shares  half of the shares to be allocated in the first half of 2025 and half of the shares to be allocated in the first half of 2026  provided that all conditions of the program are met. Allocation of shares in Incentive Program 2023/2026 is connected to a performance requirement established by the Board of Directors based on earnings per share. The program is clearly linked to the business strategy and thereby to the company's long-term value creation  including its sustainability. The general meeting resolves on implementation of the program and the program is therefore excluded from these guidelines.Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Additionally  the general meeting may – irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration.The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one or several years. The annual variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than 125 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Pension entitlements for senior executives shall apply from the age of 60 years at the earliest. For the CEO  pension benefits  including health insurance (Sw. sjukförsäkring)  shall be premium defined. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. For other senior executives  pension benefits  including health insurance  shall be premium defined unless the individual concerned is subject to defined benefit pension under mandatory collective agreement provisions. Variable cash remuneration shall qualify for pension benefits to the extent required by applicable mandatory collective agreement provisions. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.Other benefits may include  for example  life insurance  medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring) and company cars. Such benefits may amount to not more than 10 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  duly adjustments may be made for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.Termination of employmentThe notice period may not exceed 12 months if notice of termination of employment is made by the company. Fixed cash salary during the period of notice and severance pay may together not exceed an amount equivalent to the fixed cash salary for two years. The period of notice may not exceed six months without any right to severance pay when termination is made by the executive.In addition  remuneration for any commitment to restrict competition can be paid. Such remuneration shall compensate for any loss of income and shall only be paid to the extent that the former executive has no right to severance pay. The remuneration shall be based on the fixed cash salary at the time of termination and shall be paid during the period the non-compete restriction applies  which shall not exceed 12 months after the termination of employment.Criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration  etc.The variable cash remuneration shall be linked to predetermined and measurable criteria which can be financial or non-financial. They can also be individualised  quantitative or qualitative objectives. The criteria shall be designed so as to contribute to the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promote the executive's long-term development.The criteria mainly applied are linked to the development of operating profit and earnings per share. The criteria shall also be linked to the fulfilment of predetermined sustainability criteria (ESG – Environmental  Social and Governance). The criteria thereby contribute to the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability.To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the measurement period has ended. The remuneration committee is responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable cash remuneration to the CEO and other executives. For financial objectives  the evaluation shall be based on the latest financial information made public by the company.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the remuneration committee's and the Board of Directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable. The increase of the gap between the remuneration to senior executives and remuneration to other employees will be disclosed in the remuneration report.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board of Directors has established a remuneration committee. The committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' decision to propose guidelines for executive remuneration. The Board of Directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The remuneration committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company. The members of the remuneration committee are independent in relation to the company and company management. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the Board of Directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.The Board of Directors shall annually draw up a remuneration report that shall be presented to the Annual General Meeting for approval.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As set out above  the remuneration committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Description of material changes of the guidelines and how the shareholders' opinions are consideredNo material amendments have been made to the guidelines. In relation to the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives adopted on the Annual General Meeting 2022  the guidelines have been adjusted so that the annual variable cash remuneration may amount to maximum 125 percent instead of 120 percent of the fixed annual cash salary.No remarks on the remuneration guidelines have emerged.Resolution on the implementation of a performance based long-term incentive program (Incentive Program 2023/2026) and transfer of the company's own shares (item 16)To replace AAK's existing long-term cash bonus program  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on (i) establishment of a performance and share based long-term incentive program for senior executives and certain key employees within the AAK group (""Incentive Program 2023/2026"") on essentially the terms and conditions set out under item A below  and (ii) transfer of the company's own shares to participants in the program in accordance with item B below.The purpose of Incentive Program 2023/2026 is to influence and reward long-term performance and to further tie senior executives and key employees within the group to AAK and its shareholders. Through a share-related incentive program  the participants' compensation is linked to the company's result and development  thereby creating long-term incentives for the participants in the program. The incentive program is also expected to contribute to the possibilities to recruit and retain competent  motivated and committed employees. Incentive Program 2023/2026 has been prepared based on AAK's existing long-term cash bonus program and is intended to replace this program with substantially unchanged costs for the company.A. Main conditions for Incentive Program 2023/2026Incentive Program 2023/2026 is proposed to comprise approximately 70 senior executives and key employees within the AAK-group  who will receive a conditional right to be awarded AAK shares (""Performance Shares"")  i.e. a right to receive shares at a future time provided that applicable performance requirements and conditions during the vesting period are met. The participants are divided into two groups: President and CEO and other members of the group management (Group 1) and persons directly reporting to the group management and other key employees (Group 2). After the Annual General Meeting  each participant receives a conditional right to receive Performance Shares provided that the participant remains employed and has not given or received notice of termination of employment as per 28 February the year when the Performance Shares are transferred. Exceptions to this requirement can be announced  e.g. in case of participant's retirement or death. The Performance Share rights shall be based on a maximum value for each participant category. The highest value for participants in Group 1 amounts to 40 percent of the participant's annual basic salary for the year 2023 and for participants in Group 2 to 25 percent of the participant's annual basic salary for the year 2023. The maximum values stated above are converted into a maximum number of Performance Shares with application of the volume weighted average price of AAK AB's share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the period 4 March up to and including 8 March 2024 . The Board of Directors shall have the opportunity to make adjustments as a result of extraordinary events such as bonus issue  share split  rights issue and/or other similar events. The participants' right to receive Performance Shares does not constitute a security and cannot be pledged or transferred. Allocation of Performance Shares in Incentive Program 2023/2026 is linked to a performance requirement established by the Board of Directors based on earnings per share during the financial year 2023. The performance requirements established by the Board of Directors will specify a minimum level that must be achieved in order for Performance Shares to be awarded and a maximum level corresponding to the maximum allocation of Performance Shares. The Board of Directors will decide on the outcome of the established performance requirement after the end of the measurement period. If the performance outcome is below the maximum level  but exceeds the minimum level  a proportional allocation of Performance Shares will take place. Information on performance requirements and outcomes will be provided at the latest in connection with the allocation of Performance Shares according to item 8. The total allocation of Performance Shares may never exceed one (1) percent of the total number of shares in AAK. If this should occur  the allocation shall be reduced to ensure that the cap for allocation above is adhered to. If all the conditions set out in Incentive Program 2023/2026 are met  the transfer of Performance Shares shall take place with half of the Performance Shares in the first half of the year 2025 and with the remaining half of the Performance Shares in the first half of the year 2026  whereby the number of Performance Shares shall be rounded off to the nearest whole number. Transfer is free of charge subject to tax. The reason for allocation of Performance Shares at such time that the time period between implementation of the program and allocation is in part less than three years is that the Board of Directors considers it important to maintain the principles and time limits applicable in AAK's existing long-term cash bonus program  which Incentive Program 2023/2026 is intended to replace. Furthermore  the Board of Directors assesses that the conditions for allocation of Performance Shares are appropriate and reasonable in order to fulfil the purpose of the program and to ensure that AAK can offer a competitive remuneration model. The Board of Directors shall be responsible for the detailed design and management of the Incentive Program 2023/2026  within the framework of specified conditions and guidelines. The Board of Directors shall have the right to make adjustments due to local regulations or market conditions. The Board of Directors shall also have the right to make other adjustments  including inter alia a right to resolve on a reduced allocation of shares  if there are significant changes in the AAK Group or the outside world which  according to the Board of Director's assessment  would mean that the terms of Incentive Program 2023/2026 are no longer appropriate or reasonable. In the event that the Board of Directors considers that the allocation of shares in Incentive Program 2023/2026 cannot take place at reasonable costs  with reasonable administrative efforts or due to special market conditions  the Board of Directors shall have the right to instead offer participants a cash settlement.The program's scope and costsThe total costs associated with Incentive Program 2023/2026 assuming maximum target fulfilment and allocation of Performance Shares  is expected to amount to a maximum of MSEK 70  which is distributed over the duration of the program. The costs have been calculated as the sum of salary costs  including social security contributions and administrative costs for the program.Incentive Program 2023/2026 will not lead to any dilution of the number of issued shares in the company as the program is proposed to be secured with either own shares or with a hedging arrangement with a bank or other financial institution through already issued shares.The costs of the program are expected to have a marginal impact on the company's financial ratios.Preparation of the proposalThe incentive program has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors with advice from external experts. The proposal has been resolved upon by the Board of Directors. The CEO has not participated in the preparation of the proposal.Previous incentive programs in AAKFor a description of AAK's other share related incentive programs  please see the company's Annual Report 2022  note 8. Apart from the program presented therein  there are no other share related incentive programs in AAK.B. Transfer of the company's own shares to the participants of Incentive Program 2023/2026In order to secure the delivery of Performance Shares in accordance with the terms of Incentive Program 2023/2026  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company may transfer a maximum of 300 000 shares in the company on the following terms:The right to receive shares shall be granted to such persons within the AAK Group who are covered by the Incentive Program 2023/2026. In addition  subsidiaries within the AAK group shall be entitled to acquire shares without consideration in order to immediately transfer such shares without consideration to participants in Incentive Program 2023/2026 in accordance with the terms and conditions of Incentive Program 2023/2026. The right to receive shares shall be granted to the employee during the time that the employee is entitled to receive shares according to the terms of the Incentive Program 2023/2026  i.e. during 2025 and 2026. Employees covered by the Incentive Program 2023/2026 shall receive shares in the company free of charge. The number of shares in AAK that can be transferred within the framework of Incentive Program 2023/2026 shall be recalculated as a result of intervening bonus issue  share split  rights issue and/or other similar events.The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential right are that the transfer of the company's own shares is part of establishing the Incentive Program 2023/2026. The Board of Directors believes that the establishment of the program will be beneficial for the company and the shareholders since the participants are offered the opportunity to own shares in the company.In the event that the required majority cannot be achieved for the transfer of the company's own shares to participants in Incentive Program 2023/2026 as described above  the financial exposure of Incentive Program 2023/2026 and delivery of shares according to the terms of the program is intended to be secured by the company entering into a share swap agreement with a third party  whereby the third party shall acquire and transfer shares in the company to participants in Incentive Program 2023/2026 in its own name.The Board of Directors proposes that resolutions according to item A and item B above should be made by the Annual General Meeting as two separate resolutions. The proposal according to item B regarding the proposed transfer of the company's own shares is conditional on the Annual General Meeting having resolved in accordance with item A regarding the implementation of the proposed Incentive Program 2023/2026.Majority requirementsThe proposal of the Board of Directors pursuant to item 16 A above requires a resolution by the general meeting supported by shareholders representing more than half of the votes cast at the general meeting. The proposal of the Board of Directors on transfer of own shares to participants in Incentive Program 2023/2026 pursuant to item 16 B above requires a resolution by the general meeting supported by shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of both the number of votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid. The proposal to enter into a share swap agreement according to item 16 B above requires a majority of more than half of the votes cast at the general meeting in order for the resolution to be valid.Proposal regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues (item 17)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to  on one or several occasions during the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential right  resolve on new issues of shares. The authorisation shall also include the right to resolve on new issues of shares with terms concerning issues in kind  offset rights or other terms stated in Chapter 13  Section 5  first paragraph  6 in the Swedish Companies Act. By resolutions in accordance with the authorisation  the number of shares may be increased by a number corresponding to a maximum of ten (10) percent of the number of outstanding shares in the company at the time of when the Board of Directors first uses the authorisation.The purpose of any deviation from the shareholders' preferential right as set out above is to ensure financing of acquisitions of companies  part of companies or businesses or to strengthen the company's capital base and equity/assets ratio. Such issues of shares may not require amendment of the Articles of Association applicable from time to time. In case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential right  share issues by virtue of the authorisation shall be made on market conditions. In accordance with the conditions set out above  the Board of Directors shall be authorised to resolve on other terms as considered necessary by the Board of Directors to carry out the issues.The Board of Directors further proposes that the Managing Director  or anyone appointed by the Managing Director  shall have the right to make any adjustments that may be necessary in connection with the registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket).The resolution requires approval from shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid.Proposal regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase and transfer of the company's own shares (item 18)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to  on one or several occasions during the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on repurchase and transfer of the company's own shares. Repurchase of shares may be made at a maximum of so many shares that the company's holding does not exceed two (2) percent of the total number of shares in the company from time to time. Repurchase of shares may be made on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price per share within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. Transfer of shares may be made at a maximum of two (2) percent of the total number of shares in the company from time to time. Transfer may be made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential right on Nasdaq Stockholm as well as to third parties in connection with acquisition of a company or a business. Payment for transferred shares can be made in cash  through an issue in kind or set-off. Transfers of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price per share within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. Transfer in connection with acquisitions may be made at a market value assessed by the Board of Directors.The purpose of the proposal for a resolution on repurchase and transfer of the company's own shares is to give the Board of Directors the possibility to adjust the company's capital structure in order to contribute to shareholder value  enable financing of acquisitions through the use of own shares and to use repurchased shares for the company's share-related or share-based incentive programs  including giving the company the opportunity to transfer own shares to participants within the framework of such incentive programs. Note that the transfer of repurchased shares to participants in incentive programs requires an additional resolution by the general meeting in accordance with item 16 B above.The purpose of the proposal for a resolution on transfer of the company's own shares is to give the Board of Directors the possibility to adjust the company's capital structure in order to contribute to shareholder value  enable financing of acquisitions through the use of own shares and to ensure the company's obligations due to share-related or share-based incentive programs (other than the delivery of shares to participants in incentive programs)  including coverage of social security contributions.The resolution requires approval from shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid.AVAILABLE DOCUMENTS AND INFORMATION REGARDING NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANYThe accounts and the auditor's report (the annual report)  the Board's remuneration report and the complete proposals of the Board of Directors with respect to items 15-18 and all related documents and the statement from the company's auditor confirming compliance with the guidelines for the remuneration of senior executives will be available to the shareholders at the company at the address Skrivaregatan 9  SE-215 32 Malmö  Sweden  and at the company's website www.aak.com as from Thursday 13 April 2023. Copies of the documents will be sent on request to shareholders who state their postal address and will also be available on the company website www.aak.com and at the Annual General Meeting.The total number of shares and votes in the company amount at the time of issuance of this notice to 259 559 202. All shares are of the same class.C. INFORMATION AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall at the Annual General Meeting  if a shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without significant harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that (i) may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  (ii) circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial position or information concerning (iii) the company's relation with other companies within the group. Shareholders may submit questions in advance by mail to the company at the address AAK AB (publ.)  Group Legal Counsel  Skrivaregatan 9  SE-215 32 Malmö  Sweden  or by e-mail to [email protected].D. PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information about the processing of your personal data  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Malmö in April 2023AAK AB (publ.)The Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Carl AhlgrenHead of IR & Corporate CommunicationsMobile: +46 706 81 07 34E-mail: [email protected]This is a non-official translation of the Swedish original wording. In case of differences between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish text shall prevail.The information was submitted for publication at 14.00 p.m. CET on April 03  2023.About AAKEverything AAK does is about Making Better Happen™. We specialize in plant-based oils  the value-adding ingredients in products people love to consume. We make these products better tasting  healthier  and more sustainable. At the heart of AAK's offering is Customer Co-Development  combining our desire to understand what better means for each customer with the unique flexibility of our production assets and deep knowledge across products and industries. 4 000 employees support our close collaboration with customers through 25 regional sales offices  16 dedicated Customer Innovation Centers and support of more than 20 production facilities. Listed on Nasdaq Stockholm and with our headquarters in Malmö  Sweden  AAK has been Making Better Happen for more than 150 years.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/871/3745924/1962384.pdf Press release (PDF)SOURCE AAK AB",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.12,0.88,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'AAK AB', 'Invitation', 'publ', 'Quality Hotel View', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'other authorization document', 'Annual General Meeting', 'corporate identity number', 'same time limits', 'P.O. Box', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'entire postal vote', 'day-time telephone number', 'postal voting form', 'Voting rights registration', 'voting list', 'special form', 'Completed forms', 'AAK AB', 'Meeting Election', 'Hyllie Stationstorg', 'A. RIGHT', 'Sw. aktiebolagslagen', 'share register', 'state name', 'legal entity', 'corresponding papers', 'dated power', 'Such re-registration', 'due time', 'registration certificate', 'Tuesday 25 April', 'proxy form', 'authorised representative', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'B. AGENDA', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'Thursday 27 April', 'legal person', 'company website', 'MALMÖ', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'May', 'premises', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Participation', 'intention', 'notification', 'attendance', 'accordance', 'alternatives', 'address', 'personal', 'assistance', 'original', 'copy', 'authorisation', 'persons', 'behalf', '23 Stockholm', 'envelope', 'mail', 'votes', 'verification', 'BankID', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'case', 'written', 'attorney', 'heading', 'order', 'broker', 'request', 'account', 'preparation', 'Opening', 'Chairman', 'approval', '101']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,prnewswire.com
22049,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INFANT-BACTERIAL-THERAPEU-43344232/news/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Infant-Bacterial-Therapeutics-43412566/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Notice of Annual General Meeting of Infant Bacterial Therapeutics,(marketscreener.com) Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB   Reg. No. 556873-8586  with its registered office in Stockholm  gives notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on May 8  2023 at 15.00 CEST at Westmanska Palatset  conference room Bryggarkungen  Ho…,Notice of Annual General Meeting of Infant Bacterial Therapeutics 04/03/2023 | 05:21am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556873-8586  with its registered office in Stockholm  gives notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on May 8  2023 at 15.00 CEST at Westmanska Palatset  conference room Bryggarkungen  Holländargatan 17  Stockholm.Right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and notice of participationA shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting must (i) be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on April 27  2023  and (ii) no later than May 2  2023 give notice by post to Bryggargatan 10  111 21 Stockholm  Sweden  or via e-mail to ibt@ibtherapeutics.com. When providing such notice  the shareholder shall state name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying assistant(s) (maximum two assistants) as well as information about any proxy. If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written  dated proxy for the representative must be issued. A proxy form is available on the company’s website  www.ibtherapeutics.com. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. To facilitate the registration at the General Meeting  the proxy and the certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be sent to the company as set out above so that it is received no later than May 7  2023. Nominee-registered shares To be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on April 27  2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than May 2  2023 are taken into account when preparing the share register. Proposed agenda 1. Opening of the Meeting2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting3. Preparation and approval of the voting list4. Election of one or two persons who shall approve the minutes of the Meeting5. Approval of the agenda6. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation by the CEO8. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor’s report as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditor’s report on the consolidated financial statements  and the auditor’s statement regarding the company’s compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to the executive management in effect since the previous Annual General Meeting9. Resolutions regarding:a) adoption of the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheetb) allocation of the company’s result pursuant to the adopted balance sheetc) discharge from liability for the Board members and the CEO10. Resolution regarding the number of Board members and Auditors11. Determinations of fees to the Board of Directors and Auditor12. Election of Board membersThe Nominating Committee’s proposal:a) Re-election of Margareta Hagmanb) Re-election of Eva Idénc) Re-election of Anthon Jahreskogd) Re-election of Kristina Sjöblom Nygrene) Re-election of Peter Rothschild13. Election of the Chairman of the Board of Directors.The Nominating Committee’s proposal:a) Re-election of Peter Rothschild14. Election of Auditor15. Resolution regarding the Nominating Committee16. Presentation of the Board’s remuneration report for approval17. The Board’s proposal for resolution regarding amendment of the Articles of Association18. The Board’s proposal for resolution regarding authorization for new issuance of shares19. The Board’s proposal for a resolution regarding implementation of an incentive program20. Closing of the MeetingThe Nominating Committee’s proposals Items 2 and 10–14 – Proposals regarding the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting  the number of Board members and the number of Auditors  fees to the Board of Directors and the Auditor  and election of Board members  Chairman of the Board of Directors and Auditor The Nominating Committee  consisting of Per-Erik Andersson (the chairman of the Nominating Committee) (appointed by the largest shareholder Annwall & Rothschild Investments AB)  Sebastian Jahreskog (who by direct and indirect ownership is the second largest shareholder of the company)  Jannis Kitsakis (appointed by the third largest shareholder the Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund) and Peter Rothschild (chairman of the Board of Directors) has submitted the following proposals: Erik Sjöman is proposed to be elected chairman of the Annual General Meeting (item 2).The number of Board members elected by the General Meeting is proposed to be five without any alternate board members (item 10).The number of auditors is proposed to be an authorised audit firm without any alternate auditors (item 10).Fees to the Board of Directors is proposed to be paid for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting as follows: SEK 312 000 (previously SEK 300 000) to the Chairman of the Board of Directors and an unchanged extra remuneration of SEK 400 000 annually for the duties as working Chairman of the Board and SEK 156 000 (previously SEK 150 000) to each of the other Board members. For the Remuneration Committee  an unchanged fee of SEK 40 000 is proposed to the Chairman and SEK 20 000 to each of the other members of the Committee. In addition  the Board members may be entitled to reasonable remuneration for travel expenses for their participation in Board activities (item 11).The fees to the auditor is proposed to be paid in accordance with approved invoices (item 11).It is proposed that Margareta Hagman  Eva Idén  Anthon Jahreskog  Kristina Sjöblom Nygren and Peter Rothschild are re-elected as Board members for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting (item 12).It is proposed that Peter Rothschild is re-elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors (item 13).It is proposed that Deloitte AB is re-elected as auditor for the company for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  which is in accordance with the Board of Directors’ recommendation (item 14). Information about the members proposed for re-election can be found at the company´s website  www.ibtherapeutics.com. Item 15 – Resolution regarding the Nominating CommitteeThe Nominating Committee proposes that no fees shall be paid to the Nominating Committee  but the Company shall bear reasonable costs which are deemed necessary by the Nominating Committee in order for the Nominating Committee to fulfill its mandate. Further  the Nominating Committee proposes that the following principles shall apply to the convening of the Nominating Committee for the Annual General Meeting 2024: The Chairman of the Board shall convene the three  in terms of voting rights  largest shareholders in the company  each of which shall appoint a representative to be a member of the Nominating Committee together with the Chairman of the Board. Composing the Nominating Committee  the ownership structure as per June 30  2023 will determine who are the largest shareholders in terms of voting rights. The Nominating Committee shall be chaired by the member representing the largest shareholder as determined by voting rights on this date. If any of the three largest shareholders waives their right to appoint a member of the Nominating Committee  this right shall be vested in the shareholder that  after these shareholders  has the largest shareholding. The names of the three owner’s representatives shall be published as soon as they have been appointed  but no later than six months before the Annual General Meeting 2024. The Nominating Committee’s term of office extends until the new Nominating Committee is appointed. In the event that the shareholder the Nominating Committee member represents no longer constitutes one of the three largest shareholders in terms of voting rights  the Nominating Committee  if it finds it appropriate  may dismiss that member and give a representative of the shareholder that is next in terms or voting power the opportunity to be elected. In the event that a nominated member of the Nominating Committee for other reason resigns from the Nominating Committee  the shareholder who appointed the member in question shall be entitled to appoint a new representative in the Nominating Committee. If such shareholder declines to appoint a new representative  the Nominating Committee shall  if it considers it appropriate with regard to the remaining term of office  request that the shareholder that is next in terms of voting power determine  if it wishes to appoint a representative to the Nominating Committee. No remuneration shall be paid to the members of the Nominating Committee. Any expenses for the Nominating Committee’s work shall be assumed by the company. The Nominating Committee shall prepare proposals in the following questions to besubmitted to the Annual General Meeting 2024 for decision: a) proposal for election of the Chairman of the Annual General Meetingb) proposal for election of Board membersc) proposal for election of the Chairman of the Boardd) proposal for determination of Board feese) proposal for election of Auditorf) proposal for determination of Auditor feesg) proposal for a resolution regarding the Nominating Committee prior to the 2025 Annual General Meeting. The Board of Director’s proposals Item 9b – Resolution regarding allocation of the company’s resultThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend be paid and that the result for the period be carried forward. Item 17 – The Board’s proposal for a resolution regarding amendment of the Articles of Association The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend the Articles of Association so that: (i) the Swedish word ”firma” (En. name) in § 1 shall  due to changes in legislation  be replaced with the Swedish word ”företagsnamn” (En. name); and (ii) a new provision (§ 13) with heading ”Collection of powers of attorney and postal voting” shall be included  which shall read: ”The board of directors may collect powers of attorney in accordance with the procedures described in Chapter 7  Section 4  second paragraph  of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). The board of directors may resolve  prior to a shareholders’ meeting  that the shareholders shall be entitled to exercise their voting rights by post prior to the shareholders’ meeting.” Item 18 – The Board’s proposal for a resolution regarding authorization for new issuance of shares The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting approves that the Board of Directors have a mandate to  on one or more occasion until the next Annual General Meeting  issue new shares. The Board of Directors will be able to decide on a new issuance of shares with deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emption rights. This authorisation is to include the right to issue shares with cash payment  payment by contribution in kind or payment by way of set-off  and otherwise subject to conditions as set out in Chapter 13  Section 5  first paragraph 6 of the Swedish Companies Act. The decision by the Board of Directors in relation to a new share issue that deviates from shareholders’ pre-emption rights (directed issue) shall not exceed a twenty percent increase in share capital in relation to the share capital when the mandate for new issue is first utilised by the Board of Directors. The share issue under this authorization shall be on market terms. The Board shall have the right to determine the conditions of the issue under this authorization as well as mandate to determine who has the right to subscribe for shares. The purpose of the authorization is to provide the Board with flexibility in efforts to ensure that the company  in an appropriate manner  has additional capital to finance the company’s ongoing clinical activities  and to enable a broadening of the owner base of the company. The CEO  or the person who is appointed by the Board of Directors  shall be authorised to make such adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof. Item 19 – The Board’s proposal for a resolution regarding implementation of an incentive program The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to adopt an incentive program for the company’s employees and key persons engaged as consultants via i) a directed issue of warrants to the company or its wholly owned subsidiary IBT Baby AB  Reg. No 559110-7353 (the “Subsidiary”)  and ii) approval of transfer of warrants to participants in the incentive program. Each warrant entitles to subscription of one (1) new Class B share in the company. The Board of Directors believes that it is important and in the interest of all shareholders that the employees and other key persons  who are deemed to be important for the company’s further development  have a long-term interest in a good value increase of the company’s shares. A personal long-term ownership commitment can be expected to contribute to an increased interest in the company’s operations and earnings and raise the participants’ motivation and connection with the company and its shareholders. Based on the existing number of shares in the company  the dilution resulting from the proposed incentive program  assuming that all warrants are exercised for subscription of new Class B shares  will be approximately 1.45 percent of the shares and approximately 1.12 percent of the votes. The percentage dilution in respect of the shares has been calculated according to the following formula: 1-(existing number of shares/new number of shares)  and in respect of the votes according to the following formula: 1-(existing number of votes/new number of votes). This calculation does not consider already outstanding warrants in the incentive programs that were implemented in 2020 and 2022  respectively. The dilution is expected to have a limited effect on the company’s key performance indicators. This proposal has been prepared by the remuneration committee and thereafter by the Board of Directors in consultation with external advisors. Directed issue of warrants to the company or the Subsidiary The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a directed issue of a maximum of 165 000 warrants on the following terms: The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  belong to the company or the Subsidiary. Over-subscription cannot occur.The reason for the deviation from shareholders’ preferential rights is that the issue is a part of the implementation of the incentive program  with which the company’s employees and other key persons are given the opportunity to take part in a positive development in the company. The existence of such a program is expected to increase the company’s ability to attract and retain qualified employees.Subscription of the warrants shall be made through subscription on a subscription list no later than May 17  2023. The Board of Directors shall be entitled to extend the subscription period.The warrants are issued free of charge.Each warrant will entitle the holder to subscribe for one (1) new Class B share in the company at a subscription price corresponding to 200 percent of the volume-weighted average price of the company’s share according to Nasdaq Stockholm’s official price list during the period ten (10) trading days before May 8  2023. Any share premium shall be transferred to the unrestricted premium reserve.Subscription of Class B shares by exercise of warrants shall be made in accordance with the terms of the warrants from June 1  2026 up to and including September 30  2026.If all warrants are exercised for subscription of Class B shares  the company’s registered share capital will increase by SEK 44 970.254221 (given current quota value and provided that no recalculation is carried out pursuant to the warrant terms).Class B shares issued as a result of subscription shall entitle to dividends on the dividend record date occurring after the share capital is registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) and Class B shares have been recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB.The warrants will otherwise be subject to customary terms regarding inter alia recalculation  which are included in the board’s complete proposal.Approval of transfer of warrants from the Subsidiary to participants in the incentive program The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve that the company or the Subsidiary transfers a maximum of 165 000 warrants to the company’s CEO  senior executives and other employees and key persons engaged as consultants  or to companies wholly owned by such persons  according to the following principles. Category A – CEO: the CEO may be allotted a maximum of 50 000 warrants.Category B – other senior executives: participants in this category may be allotted a maximum of 100 000 warrants collectively and each participant in the category may be allotted a maximum of 25 000 warrants individually.Category C – other employees and key persons engaged as consultants: participants in this category may be allotted a maximum of 50 000 warrants collectively and each participant may be allotted a maximum of 10 000 warrants individually.In addition to the above-mentioned maximum number of warrants for each category  the allotment may not exceed the total number of warrants specified above (165 000). The warrants shall be transferred on market terms at a price established on the basis of an estimated market value of the warrants at the time of the transfer by applying the Black & Scholes method of valuation (option premium). Calculation of the option premium shall be performed by an independent valuation expert. In order to enable the participants acquisition of the warrants  the board may decide on an extra bonus payment which net after deduction for taxes and social security contributions is equivalent to 100% of the option premium. In addition  a so-called pre-emption agreement shall be entered into  pursuant to which the warrant holder shall be obliged to offer the company or the Subsidiary to acquire the warrants  or a portion of them  under certain conditions. Transfer of warrants to participants in the incentive program requires that such transfer may be lawfully made and that it  according to the Board of Directors’ assessment  may be made to reasonable administrative costs. The employees who are entitled to acquire warrants must notify their intention to acquire warrants during the period from May 20  2023 up to and including June 7  2023. However  the Board of Directors shall have the right to extend the time for such notification and to resolve on a new notification period for employees whose acquisitions occur after the initial acquisition period has ended. Costs for the incentive program The incentive program has been prepared in consultation with external legal and financial advisers and the costs for this guidance is estimated to amount to a maximum of SEK 80 000. The company’s costs for bonus payments to cover the option premium are currently expected to amount to approximately SEK 2 400 000. Bonus payments may however only amount to a maximum of SEK 4 000 000. According to a preliminary valuation  the market value of the warrants corresponds to approximately SEK 4.76 per warrant (assuming a price of the company’s shares of approximately SEK 47.0 per share  a risk-free interest rate of approximately 2.56 percent and an assumed volatility of 39 percent)  calculated by applying the Black-Scholes method of valuation. Upon transfer of warrants to participants  the market value will be determined based on updated assumptions and then known parameters. In addition to the costs stated above  the Board of Directors deems that the incentive program will cause certain administrative costs in connection with registration  transfer and share subscription by exercise of warrants. Other outstanding share-related incentive programs in the company Warrant program 2020/2024 On June 16  2020  the Annual General Meeting decided on an incentive program by a directed issue of warrants to the Subsidiary. The number of issued warrants is 375 000. In total 244 073 warrants have been transferred to employees. The transfers have been carried out on market terms at a price determined at the time of the transfers by applying the Black & Scholes method of valuation. The holder of warrants may  during the period from July 1  2024 up to and including September 30  2024  for each warrant subscribe for one (1) new Class B share in the company at a subscription price per share amounting to SEK 400. Warrant program 2022/2025 On May 4  2022  the Annual General Meeting decided on an incentive program by a directed issue of warrants to the Subsidiary. The number of issued warrants is 304 500. In total 272 000 warrants have been transferred to employees. The transfers have been carried out on market terms at a price determined at the time of the transfers by applying the Black & Scholes method of valuation. The holder of warrants may  during the period from June 1  2025 up to and including September 30  2025  for each warrant subscribe for one (1) new Class B share in the company at a subscription price per share amounting to SEK 129.56. There are no other share-based incentive programs in the company. Majority requirements The resolutions above are conditional on each other and are therefore to be adopted jointly. A valid resolution requires approval of shareholders representing at least nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting. Other The CEO  or any other person appointed by the Board of Directors  shall have the right to take those smaller measures that may be required in order to register and implement the resolution. Further information Special majority requirements A resolution in accordance with the proposal in item 17 and item 18 above shall only be valid where supported by not less than two-thirds of both votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders’ right to obtain information Shareholders are reminded of their right to  at the Annual General Meeting  obtain information from the Board of Directors and CEO in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act. Shareholders who wish to submit questions in advance may do so by sending post to Bryggargatan 10  111 21 Stockholm  Sweden or via e-mail to ibt@ibtherapeutics.com. Number of shares and votes There are 11 226 184 shares outstanding in IBT  corresponding to 14 625 808 votes  of which 377 736 are Class A shares which entitles to 10 votes per share and 10 848 448 are Class B shares which entitles to 1 vote per share. As of the date of this notice  the company holds no shares. Available documentation and proxy forms The annual report  the Board of Directors’ remuneration report and all other documentation for resolutions are available at the company’s office at Bryggargatan 10  111 21 Stockholm  Sweden  and on the company´s website www.ibtherapeutics.com  no later than three weeks before the Annual General Meeting. Moreover  the Nominating Committee’s motivated statement is available at the company’s above address  as well as on www.ibtherapeutics.com  from the date of this notice. Copies of the documents will be sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the company of their postal address. Personal data For information on how your personal data is processed  see the integrity policy available on Euroclear’s website  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. This notice is a translation of a Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the both language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail. Stockholm in April 2023 The Board of Directors of Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB (publ) Attachment IBT - AGM 2023 - NoticeAll news about INFANT BACTERIAL THERAPEUTICS AB (PUBL) 09:36a Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB - Notice of Annual General Meeting of Infant Bacterial.. AQ 04/03 Notice of Annual General Meeting of Infant Bacterial Therapeutics GL 03/23 Infant Bacterial Therapeutics opening of a final infant cohort will accelerate patient .. AQ 03/22 Infant Bacterial Therapeutics publishes Annual Report for 2022 GL 03/22 Infant Bacterial Therapeutics publishes Annual Report for 2022 AQ 03/22 Infant Bacterial Therapeutics' (IBT) opening of a final infant cohort will accelerate p.. GL 03/22 Infant Bacterial Therapeutics Announces Opening of Final Infant Cohort Will Accelerate .. CI 02/13 Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB Interim report January 1- December 31  2022 AQ 02/10 Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB (publ) Interim report January 1- December 31  2022 GL 02/10 Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended Decem.. CI,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Infant Bacterial Therapeutics', 'Notice', 'Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund', 'Kristina Sjöblom Nygren', 'Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB', 'previous Annual General Meeting', 'multiple email addresses', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Eva Idén', 'Rothschild Investments AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'The Nominating Committee', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'consolidated income statement', 'second largest shareholder', 'third largest shareholder', 'corporate registration number', 'voting right registration', 'voting list', 'annual report', 'Peter Rothschild', 'Westmanska Palatset', 'conference room', 'Holländargatan', 'share register', 'accompanying assistant', 'two assistants', 'legal entity', 'right registrations', 'two persons', 'executive management', 'Margareta Hagman', 'Anthon Jahreskog', 'new issuance', 'incentive program', 'Per-Erik Andersson', 'Sebastian Jahreskog', 'indirect ownership', 'Jannis Kitsakis', 'The Board', 'Such registration', 'telephone number', 'Board members', 'First name', 'state name', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'proxy form', 'remuneration report', 'equivalent certificate', 'Notice', '21am', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'publ', 'Reg.', 'office', 'Stockholm', 'May', '15.00 CEST', 'Bryggarkungen', 'participation', 'circumstances', 'April', 'post', 'Bryggargatan', 'ibt', 'personal', 'information', 'written', 'representative', 'website', 'authority', 'addition', 'notification', 'accordance', 'procedures', 'time', 'advance', 'account', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'CEO', 'auditor', 'compliance', 'guidelines', 'effect', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'Directors', 'proposal', 'amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'authorization', 'implementation', 'Closing', 'Items', 'Annwall', '9.']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22050,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/03/2639311/0/en/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Infant-Bacterial-Therapeutics.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting of Infant Bacterial Therapeutics,Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556873-8586  with its registered office in Stockholm  gives notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on May 8  2023 at 15.00 CEST at Westmanska Palatset  conference room Bryggarkungen  Holländargatan 17…,English SwedishInfant Bacterial Therapeutics AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556873-8586  with its registered office in Stockholm  gives notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on May 8  2023 at 15.00 CEST at Westmanska Palatset  conference room Bryggarkungen  Holländargatan 17  Stockholm.Right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and notice of participationA shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting must (i) be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on April 27  2023  and (ii) no later than May 2  2023 give notice by post to Bryggargatan 10  111 21 Stockholm  Sweden  or via e-mail to ibt@ibtherapeutics.com. When providing such notice  the shareholder shall state name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying assistant(s) (maximum two assistants) as well as information about any proxy.If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written  dated proxy for the representative must be issued. A proxy form is available on the company’s website  www.ibtherapeutics.com. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. To facilitate the registration at the General Meeting  the proxy and the certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be sent to the company as set out above so that it is received no later than May 7  2023.Nominee-registered sharesTo be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on April 27  2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than May 2  2023 are taken into account when preparing the share register.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the Meeting2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting3. Preparation and approval of the voting list4. Election of one or two persons who shall approve the minutes of the Meeting5. Approval of the agenda6. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation by the CEO8. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor’s report as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditor’s report on the consolidated financial statements  and the auditor’s statement regarding the company’s compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to the executive management in effect since the previous Annual General Meeting9. Resolutions regarding:a) adoption of the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheetb) allocation of the company’s result pursuant to the adopted balance sheetc) discharge from liability for the Board members and the CEO10. Resolution regarding the number of Board members and Auditors11. Determinations of fees to the Board of Directors and Auditor12. Election of Board membersThe Nominating Committee’s proposal:a) Re-election of Margareta Hagmanb) Re-election of Eva Idénc) Re-election of Anthon Jahreskogd) Re-election of Kristina Sjöblom Nygrene) Re-election of Peter Rothschild13. Election of the Chairman of the Board of Directors.The Nominating Committee’s proposal:a) Re-election of Peter Rothschild14. Election of Auditor15. Resolution regarding the Nominating Committee16. Presentation of the Board’s remuneration report for approval17. The Board’s proposal for resolution regarding amendment of the Articles of Association18. The Board’s proposal for resolution regarding authorization for new issuance of shares19. The Board’s proposal for a resolution regarding implementation of an incentive program20. Closing of the MeetingThe Nominating Committee’s proposalsItems 2 and 10–14 – Proposals regarding the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting  the number of Board members and the number of Auditors  fees to the Board of Directors and the Auditor  and election of Board members  Chairman of the Board of Directors and AuditorThe Nominating Committee  consisting of Per-Erik Andersson (the chairman of the Nominating Committee) (appointed by the largest shareholder Annwall & Rothschild Investments AB)  Sebastian Jahreskog (who by direct and indirect ownership is the second largest shareholder of the company)  Jannis Kitsakis (appointed by the third largest shareholder the Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund) and Peter Rothschild (chairman of the Board of Directors) has submitted the following proposals:Erik Sjöman is proposed to be elected chairman of the Annual General Meeting (item 2).The number of Board members elected by the General Meeting is proposed to be five without any alternate board members (item 10).The number of auditors is proposed to be an authorised audit firm without any alternate auditors (item 10).Fees to the Board of Directors is proposed to be paid for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting as follows: SEK 312 000 (previously SEK 300 000) to the Chairman of the Board of Directors and an unchanged extra remuneration of SEK 400 000 annually for the duties as working Chairman of the Board and SEK 156 000 (previously SEK 150 000) to each of the other Board members. For the Remuneration Committee  an unchanged fee of SEK 40 000 is proposed to the Chairman and SEK 20 000 to each of the other members of the Committee. In addition  the Board members may be entitled to reasonable remuneration for travel expenses for their participation in Board activities (item 11).The fees to the auditor is proposed to be paid in accordance with approved invoices (item 11).It is proposed that Margareta Hagman  Eva Idén  Anthon Jahreskog  Kristina Sjöblom Nygren and Peter Rothschild are re-elected as Board members for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting (item 12).It is proposed that Peter Rothschild is re-elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors (item 13).It is proposed that Deloitte AB is re-elected as auditor for the company for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  which is in accordance with the Board of Directors’ recommendation (item 14).Information about the members proposed for re-election can be found at the company´s website  www.ibtherapeutics.com.Item 15 – Resolution regarding the Nominating CommitteeThe Nominating Committee proposes that no fees shall be paid to the Nominating Committee  but the Company shall bear reasonable costs which are deemed necessary by the Nominating Committee in order for the Nominating Committee to fulfill its mandate.Further  the Nominating Committee proposes that the following principles shall apply to the convening of the Nominating Committee for the Annual General Meeting 2024:The Chairman of the Board shall convene the three  in terms of voting rights  largest shareholders in the company  each of which shall appoint a representative to be a member of the Nominating Committee together with the Chairman of the Board. Composing the Nominating Committee  the ownership structure as per June 30  2023 will determine who are the largest shareholders in terms of voting rights. The Nominating Committee shall be chaired by the member representing the largest shareholder as determined by voting rights on this date. If any of the three largest shareholders waives their right to appoint a member of the Nominating Committee  this right shall be vested in the shareholder that  after these shareholders  has the largest shareholding. The names of the three owner’s representatives shall be published as soon as they have been appointed  but no later than six months before the Annual General Meeting 2024. The Nominating Committee’s term of office extends until the new Nominating Committee is appointed.In the event that the shareholder the Nominating Committee member represents no longer constitutes one of the three largest shareholders in terms of voting rights  the Nominating Committee  if it finds it appropriate  may dismiss that member and give a representative of the shareholder that is next in terms or voting power the opportunity to be elected. In the event that a nominated member of the Nominating Committee for other reason resigns from the Nominating Committee  the shareholder who appointed the member in question shall be entitled to appoint a new representative in the Nominating Committee. If such shareholder declines to appoint a new representative  the Nominating Committee shall  if it considers it appropriate with regard to the remaining term of office  request that the shareholder that is next in terms of voting power determine  if it wishes to appoint a representative to the Nominating Committee.No remuneration shall be paid to the members of the Nominating Committee. Any expenses for the Nominating Committee’s work shall be assumed by the company.The Nominating Committee shall prepare proposals in the following questions to besubmitted to the Annual General Meeting 2024 for decision:a) proposal for election of the Chairman of the Annual General Meetingb) proposal for election of Board membersc) proposal for election of the Chairman of the Boardd) proposal for determination of Board feese) proposal for election of Auditorf) proposal for determination of Auditor feesg) proposal for a resolution regarding the Nominating Committee prior to the 2025 Annual General Meeting.The Board of Director’s proposalsItem 9b – Resolution regarding allocation of the company’s resultThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend be paid and that the result for the period be carried forward.Item 17 – The Board’s proposal for a resolution regarding amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend the Articles of Association so that:(i) the Swedish word ”firma” (En. name) in § 1 shall  due to changes in legislation  be replaced with the Swedish word ”företagsnamn” (En. name); and(ii) a new provision (§ 13) with heading ”Collection of powers of attorney and postal voting” shall be included  which shall read:”The board of directors may collect powers of attorney in accordance with the procedures described in Chapter 7  Section 4  second paragraph  of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551).The board of directors may resolve  prior to a shareholders’ meeting  that the shareholders shall be entitled to exercise their voting rights by post prior to the shareholders’ meeting.”Item 18 – The Board’s proposal for a resolution regarding authorization for new issuance of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting approves that the Board of Directors have a mandate to  on one or more occasion until the next Annual General Meeting  issue new shares. The Board of Directors will be able to decide on a new issuance of shares with deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emption rights. This authorisation is to include the right to issue shares with cash payment  payment by contribution in kind or payment by way of set-off  and otherwise subject to conditions as set out in Chapter 13  Section 5  first paragraph 6 of the Swedish Companies Act.The decision by the Board of Directors in relation to a new share issue that deviates from shareholders’ pre-emption rights (directed issue) shall not exceed a twenty percent increase in share capital in relation to the share capital when the mandate for new issue is first utilised by the Board of Directors.The share issue under this authorization shall be on market terms. The Board shall have the right to determine the conditions of the issue under this authorization as well as mandate to determine who has the right to subscribe for shares. The purpose of the authorization is to provide the Board with flexibility in efforts to ensure that the company  in an appropriate manner  has additional capital to finance the company’s ongoing clinical activities  and to enable a broadening of the owner base of the company.The CEO  or the person who is appointed by the Board of Directors  shall be authorised to make such adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Item 19 – The Board’s proposal for a resolution regarding implementation of an incentive programThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to adopt an incentive program for the company’s employees and key persons engaged as consultants via i) a directed issue of warrants to the company or its wholly owned subsidiary IBT Baby AB  Reg. No 559110-7353 (the “Subsidiary”)  and ii) approval of transfer of warrants to participants in the incentive program. Each warrant entitles to subscription of one (1) new Class B share in the company.The Board of Directors believes that it is important and in the interest of all shareholders that the employees and other key persons  who are deemed to be important for the company’s further development  have a long-term interest in a good value increase of the company’s shares. A personal long-term ownership commitment can be expected to contribute to an increased interest in the company’s operations and earnings and raise the participants’ motivation and connection with the company and its shareholders.Based on the existing number of shares in the company  the dilution resulting from the proposed incentive program  assuming that all warrants are exercised for subscription of new Class B shares  will be approximately 1.45 percent of the shares and approximately 1.12 percent of the votes. The percentage dilution in respect of the shares has been calculated according to the following formula: 1-(existing number of shares/new number of shares)  and in respect of the votes according to the following formula: 1-(existing number of votes/new number of votes). This calculation does not consider already outstanding warrants in the incentive programs that were implemented in 2020 and 2022  respectively. The dilution is expected to have a limited effect on the company’s key performance indicators.This proposal has been prepared by the remuneration committee and thereafter by the Board of Directors in consultation with external advisors.Directed issue of warrants to the company or the SubsidiaryThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a directed issue of a maximum of 165 000 warrants on the following terms:The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  belong to the company or the Subsidiary. Over-subscription cannot occur.The reason for the deviation from shareholders’ preferential rights is that the issue is a part of the implementation of the incentive program  with which the company’s employees and other key persons are given the opportunity to take part in a positive development in the company. The existence of such a program is expected to increase the company’s ability to attract and retain qualified employees.Subscription of the warrants shall be made through subscription on a subscription list no later than May 17  2023. The Board of Directors shall be entitled to extend the subscription period.The warrants are issued free of charge.Each warrant will entitle the holder to subscribe for one (1) new Class B share in the company at a subscription price corresponding to 200 percent of the volume-weighted average price of the company’s share according to Nasdaq Stockholm’s official price list during the period ten (10) trading days before May 8  2023. Any share premium shall be transferred to the unrestricted premium reserve.Subscription of Class B shares by exercise of warrants shall be made in accordance with the terms of the warrants from June 1  2026 up to and including September 30  2026.If all warrants are exercised for subscription of Class B shares  the company’s registered share capital will increase by SEK 44 970.254221 (given current quota value and provided that no recalculation is carried out pursuant to the warrant terms).Class B shares issued as a result of subscription shall entitle to dividends on the dividend record date occurring after the share capital is registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) and Class B shares have been recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB.The warrants will otherwise be subject to customary terms regarding inter alia recalculation  which are included in the board’s complete proposal.Approval of transfer of warrants from the Subsidiary to participants in the incentive programThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve that the company or the Subsidiary transfers a maximum of 165 000 warrants to the company’s CEO  senior executives and other employees and key persons engaged as consultants  or to companies wholly owned by such persons  according to the following principles.Category A – CEO: the CEO may be allotted a maximum of 50 000 warrants.Category B – other senior executives: participants in this category may be allotted a maximum of 100 000 warrants collectively and each participant in the category may be allotted a maximum of 25 000 warrants individually.Category C – other employees and key persons engaged as consultants: participants in this category may be allotted a maximum of 50 000 warrants collectively and each participant may be allotted a maximum of 10 000 warrants individually.In addition to the above-mentioned maximum number of warrants for each category  the allotment may not exceed the total number of warrants specified above (165 000).The warrants shall be transferred on market terms at a price established on the basis of an estimated market value of the warrants at the time of the transfer by applying the Black & Scholes method of valuation (option premium). Calculation of the option premium shall be performed by an independent valuation expert.In order to enable the participants acquisition of the warrants  the board may decide on an extra bonus payment which net after deduction for taxes and social security contributions is equivalent to 100% of the option premium.In addition  a so-called pre-emption agreement shall be entered into  pursuant to which the warrant holder shall be obliged to offer the company or the Subsidiary to acquire the warrants  or a portion of them  under certain conditions.Transfer of warrants to participants in the incentive program requires that such transfer may be lawfully made and that it  according to the Board of Directors’ assessment  may be made to reasonable administrative costs.The employees who are entitled to acquire warrants must notify their intention to acquire warrants during the period from May 20  2023 up to and including June 7  2023. However  the Board of Directors shall have the right to extend the time for such notification and to resolve on a new notification period for employees whose acquisitions occur after the initial acquisition period has ended.Costs for the incentive programThe incentive program has been prepared in consultation with external legal and financial advisers and the costs for this guidance is estimated to amount to a maximum of SEK 80 000. The company’s costs for bonus payments to cover the option premium are currently expected to amount to approximately SEK 2 400 000. Bonus payments may however only amount to a maximum of SEK 4 000 000.According to a preliminary valuation  the market value of the warrants corresponds to approximately SEK 4.76 per warrant (assuming a price of the company’s shares of approximately SEK 47.0 per share  a risk-free interest rate of approximately 2.56 percent and an assumed volatility of 39 percent)  calculated by applying the Black-Scholes method of valuation. Upon transfer of warrants to participants  the market value will be determined based on updated assumptions and then known parameters.In addition to the costs stated above  the Board of Directors deems that the incentive program will cause certain administrative costs in connection with registration  transfer and share subscription by exercise of warrants.Other outstanding share-related incentive programs in the companyWarrant program 2020/2024On June 16  2020  the Annual General Meeting decided on an incentive program by a directed issue of warrants to the Subsidiary. The number of issued warrants is 375 000. In total 244 073 warrants have been transferred to employees. The transfers have been carried out on market terms at a price determined at the time of the transfers by applying the Black & Scholes method of valuation.The holder of warrants may  during the period from July 1  2024 up to and including September 30  2024  for each warrant subscribe for one (1) new Class B share in the company at a subscription price per share amounting to SEK 400.Warrant program 2022/2025On May 4  2022  the Annual General Meeting decided on an incentive program by a directed issue of warrants to the Subsidiary. The number of issued warrants is 304 500. In total 272 000 warrants have been transferred to employees. The transfers have been carried out on market terms at a price determined at the time of the transfers by applying the Black & Scholes method of valuation.The holder of warrants may  during the period from June 1  2025 up to and including September 30  2025  for each warrant subscribe for one (1) new Class B share in the company at a subscription price per share amounting to SEK 129.56.There are no other share-based incentive programs in the company.Majority requirementsThe resolutions above are conditional on each other and are therefore to be adopted jointly. A valid resolution requires approval of shareholders representing at least nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.OtherThe CEO  or any other person appointed by the Board of Directors  shall have the right to take those smaller measures that may be required in order to register and implement the resolution.Further informationSpecial majority requirementsA resolution in accordance with the proposal in item 17 and item 18 above shall only be valid where supported by not less than two-thirds of both votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders’ right to obtain informationShareholders are reminded of their right to  at the Annual General Meeting  obtain information from the Board of Directors and CEO in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act. Shareholders who wish to submit questions in advance may do so by sending post to Bryggargatan 10  111 21 Stockholm  Sweden or via e-mail to ibt@ibtherapeutics.com.Number of shares and votesThere are 11 226 184 shares outstanding in IBT  corresponding to 14 625 808 votes  of which 377 736 are Class A shares which entitles to 10 votes per share and 10 848 448 are Class B shares which entitles to 1 vote per share. As of the date of this notice  the company holds no shares.Available documentation and proxy formsThe annual report  the Board of Directors’ remuneration report and all other documentation for resolutions are available at the company’s office at Bryggargatan 10  111 21 Stockholm  Sweden  and on the company´s website www.ibtherapeutics.com  no later than three weeks before the Annual General Meeting. Moreover  the Nominating Committee’s motivated statement is available at the company’s above address  as well as on www.ibtherapeutics.com  from the date of this notice. Copies of the documents will be sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the company of their postal address.Personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see the integrity policy available on Euroclear’s website  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.This notice is a translation of a Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the both language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Stockholm in April 2023The Board of Directors of Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB (publ)Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Infant Bacterial Therapeutics', 'Notice', 'Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund', 'Kristina Sjöblom Nygren', 'Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB', 'previous Annual General Meeting', 'Erik Sjöman', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Eva Idén', 'Rothschild Investments AB', 'maximum two assistants', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'The Nominating Committee', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'consolidated income statement', 'second largest shareholder', 'third largest shareholder', 'voting right registration', 'corporate registration number', 'English Swedish', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'annual report', 'Peter Rothschild', 'Westmanska Palatset', 'conference room', 'Holländargatan', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'right registrations', 'executive management', 'Margareta Hagman', 'Anthon Jahreskog', 'new issuance', 'incentive program', 'Per-Erik Andersson', 'Sebastian Jahreskog', 'indirect ownership', 'Jannis Kitsakis', 'The Board', 'Such registration', 'Board members', 'telephone number', 'state name', 'following proposals', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'proxy form', 'remuneration report', 'equivalent certificate', 'publ', 'Reg.', 'office', 'Stockholm', 'notice', 'May', 'Bryggarkungen', 'participation', 'circumstances', 'April', 'post', 'Bryggargatan', 'mail', 'ibt', 'personal', 'address', 'information', 'written', 'representative', 'company', 'website', 'authority', 'addition', 'notification', 'accordance', 'procedures', 'time', 'advance', 'account', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'CEO', 'auditor', 'compliance', 'guidelines', 'effect', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'Directors', 'amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'authorization', 'implementation', 'Closing', 'Items', 'Annwall', '15.00', '9.']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,globenewswire.com
22051,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-attend-annual-general-meeting-170000747.html,Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting in Hexatronic Group AB (publ),Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting in Hexatronic Group AB (publ) The shareholders in Hexatronic Group AB (publ)  reg. no. 556168-6360 (the “Company” or “Hexatronic”)  with its registered office in Gothenburg ,Hexatronic Group ABNotice to attend the Annual General Meeting in Hexatronic Group AB (publ)The shareholders in Hexatronic Group AB (publ)  reg. no. 556168-6360 (the “Company” or “Hexatronic”)  with its registered office in Gothenburg  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday 9 May 2023 at 15.00 PM  at Världskulturmuseet  Södra vägen 54  SE-412 54  in Gothenburg.Right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and notice of participationParticipation in the Annual General Meeting at the venueA shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must (i) be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on Friday 28 April 2023  and (ii) no later than Wednesday 3 May 2023 give notice by post to Hexatronic Group AB (publ)  AGM 2023  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm or via Euroclears website on https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/ or by telephone +46 (0) 8 402 91 33 on weekdays between 09.00-16.00. When providing such notice  the shareholder shall state name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying assistant(s) (maximum two assistants) as well as information about any proxy.If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written  dated proxy for the representative must be issued. A proxy form is available on the Company’s website  www.hexatronicgroup.com. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. To facilitate the registration at the Annual General Meeting  the proxy and the certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be sent to Euroclear as set out above so that it is received no later than Monday 8 May 2023.Participation by advance votingA shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by advance voting must (i) be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on Friday 28 April 2023  and (ii) give notice no later than Wednesday 3 May 2023  by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the advance vote is received by Euroclear no later than on that day.Story continuesA shareholder who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must give notice thereof in accordance with what is set out under Participation in the Annual General Meeting at the venue above. This means that a notification by advance vote is not sufficient for a person who wishes to participate at the venue.A special form shall be used when advance voting. The advance voting form is available on the Company’s website www.hexatronicgroup.com. A completed and signed form may be submitted by post to Hexatronic Group AB (publ)  AGM 2023  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm or via e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. Shareholders may also cast their advance vote electronically through verification with BankID via https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/. The completed form shall be received by Euroclear not later than Wednesday 3 May 2023. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.If a shareholder votes by proxy  a written and dated proxy shall be enclosed to the advance voting form. A proxy form is available on the Company’s website www.hexatronicgroup.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. If a shareholder has voted in advance and then attends the Annual General Meeting in person or through a proxy  the advance vote is still valid except to the extent the shareholder participates in a voting procedure at the Annual General Meeting or otherwise withdraws its casted advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting at the Annual General Meeting  the vote cast will replace the advance vote with regard to the relevant item on the agenda.Nominee-registered sharesTo be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on Friday 28 April 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than Wednesday 3 May 2023 are taken into account when preparing the share register.PROPOSED AGENDA1. Opening of the Annual General Meeting.2. Election of Chairman at the Annual General Meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes.6. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened.7. Submission of the annual report and the auditors’ report and the consolidated financial statements and the auditors’ report for the group. In connection thereto  a presentation by the Chief Executive Officer.8. Resolution regardingadoption of the income statement and the balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet  allocation of the company’s profits or losses in accordance with the adopted balance sheet  discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability.9. Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors  deputies  auditors and  deputy auditors.10. Election of members of the Board of Directors and deputies.The Nomination Committee’s proposal:a) Anders Persson (re-election)b) Erik Selin (re-election)c) Helena Holmgren (re-election)d) Jaakko Kivinen (re-election)e) Per Wassén (re-election)f) Charlotta Sund (re-election)11. Election of the chairman of the Board of Directors.The Nomination Committee’s proposal:a) Anders Persson (re-election)12. Election of the auditor.13. Determination of fees for members of the Board of Directors and auditor.14. Determination on principles for the appointment of the Nomination Committee.15. Submission and approval of the Board’s remuneration report.16. Resolution to adopt a long-term performance-based share programme for the Group’s senior executives and key employees in Sweden (LTIP 2023).17. Resolution to adopt a long-term incentive programme for the Group’s employees outside of Sweden (Warrant programme 2023).18. Resolution to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the acquire and transfer of own shares.19. Resolution to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on new issues of shares  warrants and/or convertibles.20. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.THE NOMINATION COMMITTEE’S PROPOSALS UNDER ITEMS 2  9  10  11  12  13 AND 14The Nomination Committee  whose members have been appointed in accordance with the principles adopted by the Annual General Meeting  has consisted of Mark Shay (appointed by Accendo Capital)  Jonas Nordlund  Staffan Ringvall (appointed by Handelsbanken fonder)  Angelica Hansson (appointed by AMF Pension & Fonder) and Anders Persson (chairman of the Board of Directors) co-opted. The Nomination Committee represents around 26 per cent of the votes in the Company. The Nomination Committee has submitted the following proposals.Item 2 – Election of Chairman at the Annual General MeetingThe Nomination Committee proposes that the chairman of the Board of Directors  Anders Persson  is appointed Chairman at the Annual General Meeting  or in his absent  the person appointed by the Nomination Committee.Item 9 – Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors  deputies  auditors and  deputy auditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Board shall consist of six (6) ordinary members without deputies.The Nomination Committee proposes that a registered accounting firm is to be appointed as auditor without deputy auditors.Item 10 – Election of Board membersThe Nomination Committee proposes that Anders Persson  Erik Selin  Helena Holmgren  Jaakko Kivinen  Per Wassén and Charlotta Sund are re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. All elections for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.More detailed information about the members of the Board of Directors proposed for re-election can be found on the Company’s website.Item 11 – Election of the chairman of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that Anders Persson be re-elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Item 12 – Election of auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that  for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  the registered accounting firm Öhrlings PricewaterCoopers AB be re-elected as auditor. In the event that Öhrlings PricewaterCoopers AB is re-elected  the Nomination Committee notes that Öhrlings PricewaterCoopers has informed that public accountant Johan Malmqvist will be appointed as auditor in charge.Item 13 – Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and the auditorAmount from previous year in () for comparisonThe Nomination Committee proposes that remuneration to the Board shall be paid with SEK 750 000 (600 000) to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 350 000 (275 000) to each of the other members of the Board.Further  the Nomination Committee proposes that remuneration shall be paid with SEK 125 000 (85 000) to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 75 000 (55 000) to the member of the Audit Committee.The Nomination Committee proposes that the fee to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved statement of costs.Item 14 – Determination on principles for the appointment of the Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee proposes that the current principles for the appointment of the members of the Nomination Committee shall be left unchanged.The principles are fully available in the Nomination Committee’s complete proposal and reasoned opinion on the website.THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ PROPOSALS UNDER ITEMS 8B  15  16  17  18 AND 19Item 8B – Resolution regarding allocation of the company’s profits or losses in accordance with the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of SEK 0.10 per share be paid. The record date for the dividend shall be Thursday 11 May 2023. If the AGM resolves in accordance with the Board’s proposal  payment is expected to be made on Tuesday 16 May 2023 through Euroclear AB.The Board of Directors’ proposal for a dividend corresponds to an amount of SEK 20 302 661 in total  based on 203 026 610 outstanding ordinary shares (which excludes 2 035 969 shares of series C held by the Company). Following the resolution on the dividend by the Annual General Meeting  the available amount is expected to be reduced by SEK 20 302 661 to approximately SEK 1 093 390 483  which is proposed to be transferred in a new account.Item 15 – Submission and approval of the Board’s remuneration reportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Remuneration Report for the financial year 2022 that has been prepared by the Board of Directors.Item 16 – Resolution to adopt a long-term performance-based share programme for the Group’s senior executives and key employees in Sweden (LTIP 2023)The Board of Directors’ of Hexatronic Group AB (publ) (the “Company”) proposal that the Annual General Meeting resolves on (A.) the adoption of a performance-based share savings programme (“LTIP 2023”) aimed at the Group’s (the “Hexatronic Group”) senior executives and key employees employed in Sweden  and (B.) directed issue of convertible shares of series C  authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchases of all issued redeemable and convertible shares of series C and approval of transfer of own ordinary shares to participantsA. Introduction of LTIP 2023The Board of Directors of the Company proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to adopt a long-term incentive programme in the form of a performance-based share savings program directed at the Group’s senior executives and other key employees employed in Sweden (“Participants”). LTIP 2023 is proposed to include a maximum of forty-five (45) Participants. Participants in LTIP 2023 must have contributed a private investment through the acquisition of shares in the Company (“Saving Shares”). Subsequently  after a three-year vesting period commencing on the date of entering into an agreement to participate in LTIP 2023 (the “Vesting Period”)  Participants will be given the opportunity to receive ordinary shares (“Performance Shares”) free of charge  subject to the main terms and conditions set forth below. Within the LTIP 2023  the Company will award Participants conditional share rights (“Share Rights”)  meaning the right  subject to certain conditions being met  to receive up to six (6) Performance Shares per Share Right free of charge.BackgroundThe Company’s Board of Directors is of the opinion that a performance-based share savings program contributes to higher motivation and commitment among employees and strengthens the bonds between the employees and the Company. Furthermore  it is the Board’s assessment that LTIP 2023 will contribute to the opportunities to recruit and retain knowledgeable and experienced employees who hold key positions in the Hexatronic Group and are expected to increase employee interest in the business and earnings development in the Company. LTIP 2023 has been designed on the basis that it is desirable that senior executives and other key employees within the Hexatronic Group are shareholders in the Company and LTIP 2023 rewards the continued loyalty of employees and thereby the long-term value growth in the Company. All in all  it is the Board’s assessment that LTIP 2023 will benefit both the employees and the Company’s shareholders through an increased share value.Private investmentIn order to participate in LTIP 2023  the Participant must have contributed with a private investment through the acquisition of Saving Shares. The shares shall have been acquired at market prices during the period between 15 May 2023 and 30 June 2023 for the purpose of being allocated to LTIP 2023  unless the Board of Directors allows exceptions in the individual case regarding shares acquired previously. The Board of Directors also has the right to thereafter  for individual additional Participants (new employees or promoted)  postpone the last day for the acquisition of Savings Shares (see more below under “Additional participants”).The maximum number of Saving Shares that a Participant can allocate to LTIP 2023 amounts to a rounded number of shares corresponding to a maximum of ten (10) per cent of the Participant’s annual gross basic salary calculated on the basis of the 2023 salary level and depending on the position in the Hexatronic Group. The minimum number of Saving Shares that a Participant must acquire to participate in LTIP 2023 shall correspond to a market value of at least five (5) per cent of the annual gross basic salary. For each Saving Share held within the LTIP 2023  the Company will grant Participants a Share Right  meaning the right  subject to certain conditions being met  to receive up to two  four or six Performance Shares per Share Right free of charge  depending on the position in the Hexatronic Group.Terms and conditionsIn addition to the requirement that the Participant’s employment and holding of Saving Shares shall continue throughout the Vesting Period  certain performance-based conditions linked to diluted earnings per share  Hexatronic Group growth and EBITA are imposed for the allotment of Performance Shares to the Participants.The Participants are divided into three categories and LTIP 2023 will involve the allocation of the maximum number of Performance Shares per Saving Share as follows:Category Maximum number of Performance Shares per Saving Share CEO and the management team (a total of approximately 10 persons) 6 Other senior executives (a total of approximately 25 persons) 4 Other key employees (a total of approximately 10 persons) 2Allotment free of charge of Performance Shares is  in addition to what is stated in the paragraph above  conditional on the achievement of the performance targets set by the Board of Directors. For maximum allotment of Performance Shares  it is required that the goals set by the Board of Directors are achieved or exceeded. The performance targets refer to (i) diluted earnings per share for the respective financial year 2023-2025 (the “Share Target”)  (ii) net sales growth for each financial year 2023-2025 (the “Growth Target”); and (iii) EBITA for the respective financial year 2023-2025 (the “EBITA Target”) (collectively  the “Performance Targets”)  whereby the respective Performance Targets shall be weighted by 1/3 each.If the minimum level is not reached  no Performance Shares related to the current Performance Target for the financial year will be vested and if the upper target level is reached  all Performance Shares arising from the current Performance Target for the financial year will be earned. In the event of an outcome between the minimum level and the upper target level  the earnings of the Performance Shares arising from the current Performance Target for the financial year will be made linearly. The final number of Performance Shares earned by each Participant shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number.The Share TargetThe Share Target relates to the development of the Company’s diluted earnings per share during the period from the date of the Annual General Meeting 2023 up to and including 31 December 2025. For each financial year  a minimum level and a maximum level of earnings per share have been set for the allotment of Performance Shares. In the event of an outcome between the minimum level and the upper target level  earnings of the Performance Shares arising from the current Performance Target for the financial year will be made linearly in the range of SEK 4.40–5.40 earnings per share (financial year 2023)  SEK 5.20–6.20 earnings per share (financial year 2024)  SEK 6.10–7.10 earnings per share (financial year 2025).The Growth TargetThe Growth Target for each financial year has been set by the Board of Directors as a percentage measure of increased sales per financial year during LTIP 2023 compared to the Company’s established net sales for the financial year 2022. For each financial year  a minimum level and an upper target level have been set corresponding to twenty (20) per cent and forty (40) per cent  respectively  for 2023  fifteen (15) per cent and twenty-five (25) per cent  respectively  for 2024 and fifteen (15) per cent and twenty-five (25) per cent  respectively  for 2025.The EBITA TargetThe EBITA Target for each financial year has been set by the Board of Directors as a percentage measure of increased EBITA per financial year during LTIP 2023 compared to the Company’s established EBITA for the financial year 2022. For each year  a weighted minimum level has been set for each financial year  which for the financial years 2023  2024 and 2025 corresponds to twelve (12.0) per cent and a weighted upper target level of eighteeen (18.0) per cent  respectively.Terms and conditions of the Share RightsIn addition to what is stated above  the following conditions shall apply to the Share Rights under LTIP 2023:(a) The Participant must acquire the Saving Shares prior to the beginning of the Vesting Period or  in the case of subsequent additional Participants  at the time determined by the Company’s Remuneration Committee.(b) The Share Rights are vested during the Vesting Period or  in the case of subsequent additional Participants  proportionately  rounded down  calculated linearly on a full-year basis depending on when the additional Participant joins LTIP 2023.(c) The Share Rights cannot be transferred or pledged.(d) Each Share Right entitles the Participant  under certain conditions  to receive up to six Performance Shares free of charge  depending on the position within the Hexatronic Group (see more on this above under “Terms and Conditions”)  after the end of the Vesting Period  provided that  subject to certain exceptions  the Participant has been employed in the Hexatronic Group during the Vesting Period and retains his or her original Saving Shares in the Company.Additional participantsIn the event that a Participant  following a resolution by the Company’s Remuneration Committee  is added after 30 June 2023  when calculating the maximum number of Saving Shares that the Participant may acquire  the Participant’s annual gross basic salary at the current time and a share price corresponding to the average of the average volume-weighted purchase price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm during a period of ten trading days after the announcement of the quarterly report for the Company that is published immediately before the decision to allow the additional Participant to participate  rounded to the nearest SEK 0.10.For Saving Shares held by additional Participants within the LTIP 2023  the Company will award Share Rights proportionately  rounded down  calculated linearly on a full-year basis depending on when the additional Participant joins LTIP 2023. Additional Participants will be allotted Performance Shares no earlier than three (3) years after the Participant entered into an agreement to join LTIP 2023.Allotment of Performance SharesIn order to be able to complete LTIP 2023 in a cost-effective and flexible manner  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves  in accordance with item B below  that the Company’s commitments for delivery of and costs attributable to Performance Shares are primarily secured through a directed issue of a maximum of 261 071 shares of series C to Danske Bank A/S  Danske Bank filial Sverige (the “Bank”)  of which a maximum of 62 417 shares of series C may be issued to cover any social security contributions  with subsequent repurchases and conversion into ordinary shares and decisions on the transfer of own ordinary shares to senior executives and other key employees within the Hexatronic Group.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that a maximum of 198 654 ordinary shares may be transferred to Participants in accordance with LTIP 2023 and that a maximum of 62 417 ordinary shares may be transferred on the market to secure social security contributions in connection with LTIP 2023 (“Hedging Shares”).Costs for LTIP 2023Costs for LTIP 2023 are calculated in accordance with IFRS2 and are reported over the income statement.The cost is reported linearly over the Vesting Period.Based on the assumptions that LTIP 2023 will be fully subscribed by forty-five (45) Participants  that all of these invest the maximum amount allowed in Saving Shares in LTIP 2023  that the share price amounts to SEK one hundred and thirty-eight (138) at the time of investment  and that all Saving Shares remain at LTIP 2023’s end  this means a total cost for LTIP 2023 of approximately SEK 32 million  provided that the Performance Targets are fully achieved.The above amount also includes social security contributions  which are currently payable at a nominal rate of 31.42 per cent. With an assumed share price at LTIP 2023’s end of SEK two hundred seven (207) and otherwise with conditions as above  the social security contributions are estimated to amount to approximately SEK thirteen (13) million  provided that the Performance Targets are fully achieved.If the Performance Targets are achieved so that half of the Performance Shares are allocated to the Participants  the corresponding total cost is estimated to amount to SEK 15.2 million. LTIP 2023 has no limit on maximum profit for Participants and therefore no maximum cost of social security contributions can be calculated.Effects on key performance indicators and dilutionLTIP 2023 is expected to comprise a maximum of 198 654 Performance Shares and 62 417 Hedging Shares for social security contributions  excluding the Saving Shares  corresponding to approximately 0.13 per cent of the Company’s total number of outstanding shares after full exercise of ongoing and now resolved incentive programme.Outstanding rights to shares under previous long-term incentive programmes and the proposed long-term incentive programme amount to approximately 2.51 per cent of the Company’s total number of outstanding shares upon full exercise.Ongoing incentive programmes including LTIP 2023 are expected to have only marginal impact on significant key performance indicators.Additional ongoing share-based incentive programmesFor a description of the Company’s ongoing long-term incentive programmes  please refer to the Annual Report for 2022 which is available on the Company’s website  https://group.hexatronic.com/ .Preparation of the proposalLTIP 2023 has been prepared by the Board of Directors in consultation with the remuneration committee and external advisers.The Board of Directors or a special committee set up by the Board of Directors shall be responsible for the detailed design and management of the terms and conditions for LTIP 2023  in accordance with the above-mentioned terms and conditions including provisions on recalculation in the event of an in-between bonus issue  share split  rights issue and/or other similar events. In connection therewith  the Board of Directors shall have the right to make adjustments to meet specific market conditions. The Board of Directors shall also have the right to make other adjustments if there are significant changes in the Hexatronic Group or its operating environment that would result in the adopted terms and conditions for LTIP 2023 no longer fulfilling its purposes.B. Directed issue of convertible shares of series C  authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of all issued redeemable and convertible shares of series C  and transfer of own ordinary shares to Participants in accordance with LTIP 2023In order to be able to carry out LTIP 2023 in a cost-effective and flexible manner  the Board of Directors proposes that the Company’s commitments for delivery of and costs attributable to Performance Shares be secured primarily through a directed issue of convertible shares of series C  with subsequent repurchases and conversion into ordinary shares and resolution on the transfer of own ordinary shares to Participants.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting instruct the Board of Directors to implement the decision above and to ensure that the Board of Directors transfers the Performance Shares in accordance with what is stated above. The Board further proposes that the Annual General Meeting instruct the Board  or whomever the Board appoints  to make such minor adjustments in the abovementioned proposed resolution that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 17 – Resolution to adopt a long-term incentive programme for the Group’s employees outside of Sweden (Warrant programme 2023)The Board of Directors’ of Hexatronic Group AB (publ) (the “Company”) proposal that the Annual General Meeting resolves on (A.) the adoption of a long-term incentive programme (Warrant Programme 2023) directed at the Group’s (the “Hexatronic Group”) employees outside of Sweden  and (B.) a directed issue of warrants (Series 2023/2026) to the wholly owned subsidiary Proximion AB (“Proximion”) and approval of the transfer of these warrants to participantsA. Introduction of Warrant Programme 2023The Board of Directors of the Company proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to adopt a long-term incentive programme directed at the Group’s senior executives and certain key employees employed outside of Sweden in accordance with the main terms and conditions set out below.BackgroundThe Company’s Board of Directors is of the opinion that the Warrant Programme 2023 will contribute to higher motivation and commitment among employees and strengthen the bonds between the employees and the Company.Furthermore  it is the Board’s assessment that the Warrant Programme 2023 will contribute to the opportunities to recruit and retain knowledgeable and experienced employees and is expected to increase employee interest in the business and earnings development in the Company. All in all  it is the Board’s assessment that the Warrant Programme 2023 will be beneficial for both the employees and for the Company’s shareholders through an increased share value.Warrant Programme 2023The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a directed share issue of a maximum of 441 000 warrants (hereinafter referred to as “Warrants”) and the subsequent transfer of a total of not more than 441 000 Warrants. The right to subscribe for Warrants shall only vest with Proximion  with the right and obligation for Proximion to manage the Warrants in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Programme 2023 and transfer the Warrants to participants free of charge. Each Warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one ordinary share. The Warrants shall be issued free of charge to Proximion.Participants in the Warrant Programme 2023 shall  upon receipt of the offer  but no later than 31 May 2023  notify Proximion of the number of Warrants that the participant wishes to receive. In the event that the participants’ employment ends during the term of the Warrants  the Warrants shall be returned without consideration or other remuneration.Subscription of ordinary shares shall be possible during the period from and including 15 May 2026 up to and including 15 June 2026. The subscription price for ordinary shares subscribed for pursuant to the Warrants shall be set at 135 per cent of the volume-weighted average share price of the Hexatronic share during the measurement period from and including 9 May 2023 up to and including 20 May 2023. The subscription price shall be paid in cash or by set-off. The Company shall have the right  but not the obligation  at the request of participants who are unable to pay subscription proceeds in cash  to acquire at market price such number of Warrants as enable the participant to exercise the remaining Warrants to subscribe for ordinary shares  whereby the subscription proceeds are paid by offsetting against the receivable on divested Warrants.The exercise price  as set out above  shall be rounded to the nearest SEK 0.10  whereby SEK 0.05 shall be rounded downwards. The exercise price and the number of shares that each Warrant entitles to subscription for shall be recalculated in the event of a split  consolidation  new share issue etc. in accordance with market practice.Allocation of WarrantsThe Warrant Programme 2023 shall comprise approximately 40 senior executives  and approximately 70 key employees  employed in England  Belgium  Norway  Denmark  Finland  USA  Canada  Germany  Estonia  Latvia  Lithuania  Italy  Australia  South Korea  Netherlands  New Zealand and Austria and in total relate to a maximum of 441 000 Warrants. The maximum number of Warrants per participant in the Warrant Programme 2023 is shown in the table below.Category Maximum number of Warrants per person Maximum number of Warrants per category Senior executives approximately 9 000 approximately 235 000 Remaining key employees approximately 3 000 approximately 206 000In the event of changes in positions and employments  remaining Warrants in one category may be used in another category. The Board of Directors may decide that such Warrants that are not allotted in accordance with the above shall later be allocated to any new employees within the Hexatronic Group.Effects on key performance indicators and costsThe Warrants are issued free of charge to the participants and may incur social security contributions and costs in accordance with the accounting rules in IFRS2. The Board estimates that these costs will be limited.Since the Company’s costs for the Warrant Programme 2023 will be relatively limited  the Board of Directors has decided not to propose to the Annual General Meeting to decide on measures to cover these.Ongoing incentive programmes including Warrant Programme 2023 are expected to have only marginal impact on significant key performance indicators.DilutionBased on the existing number of ordinary shares in the Company  the Warrant Programme 2023  upon full exercise of all 441 000 Warrants  entails a dilution corresponding to approximately 0.22 per cent of the capital and votes related to ordinary shares. If all outstanding incentive programmes in the Company are included in the calculation  the corresponding maximum dilution  at the time of the Annual General Meeting  amounts to approximately 2.6 per cent of the capital and the number of votes related to ordinary shares.Additional ongoing share-based incentive programmesFor a description of the Company’s ongoing long-term incentive programmes  please refer to the Annual Report for 2022 which is available on the Company’s website  https://group.hexatronic.com.Preparation of the proposalThe Warrant Programme 2023 has been prepared by the Board of Directors in consultation with company management and external advisors.The Board of Directors or a special committee set up by the Board of Directors shall be responsible for the detailed design and management of the terms and conditions for the Warrant Programme 2023  in accordance with the above-mentioned terms and conditions including provisions on recalculation in the event of an in-between bonus issue  share split  rights issue and/or other similar events. In connection therewith  the Board of Directors shall have the right to make adjustments to meet specific market conditions. The Board of Directors shall also have the right to make other adjustments if there are significant changes in the Hexatronic Group or its operating environment that would result in the decided terms of the Warrant Programme 2023 no longer fulfilling its purposes.B. Directed issue of warrants  Series 2023/2026  to the wholly owned subsidiary Proximion AB  and approval of their transfer to participants under the Warrant Programme 2023The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to issue not more than 441 000 Warrants  as a result of which the Company’s share capital may increase by a maximum of SEK 4 410. The following conditions shall apply.The right to subscribe for Warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  vest with Proximion AB  which shall then transfer the Warrants to the appropriate participants in the Warrant Programme 2023. Each Warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one share. The Warrants shall be issued free of charge to Proximion. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one new ordinary share in Hexatronic Group AB (publ) during the period from and including 15 May 2026 up to and including 15 June 2026 at a subscription price of 135 per cent of the volume-weighted average share price of the Hexatronic share during the measurement period from and including 9 May 2023 up to and including 20 May 2023. The Board of Directors has the right to extend the subscription period  but no more than six months. The exercise price and the number of shares that each Warrant entitles to subscription of shall be recalculated in the event of a split  reverse share split  new issue of shares  etc. in accordance with market practice. The amount that  in the case of share subscription  exceeds the quota value shall be transferred to the free premium fund. Subscription of Warrants must be made on the subscription list no later than 31 May 2023. However  the Board of Directors shall have the right to extend the subscription period. The Warrants are issued free of charge to Proximion. New shares pursuant to subscription entitle to dividends for the first time on the record date for dividends that occurs immediately after subscription has been effected. The warrants shall in all other respects be governed by the terms and conditions set forth in Appendix A.The Board of Directors also proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve that Proximion AB  in accordance with the incentive programme  may transfer Warrants to participants in the Warrant Programme 2023 and manage Warrants in accordance with the Warrant Programme 2023. Proximion AB shall have the right to retain such Warrants that are not allotted in accordance with the above for later allotment to additional employees within the Hexatronic Group as decided by the Company’s Board of Directors.It is further proposed that the Board of Directors  or whomever they appoint  should be authorised to undertake such minor adjustments in the decision that may be required for the registration with the Companies Registration Office.Oversubscription cannot take place.The rationale for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights is to implement incentive programmes for employees outside of Sweden in the Hexatronic Group.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting instruct the Board of Directors to implement the decisions above and to ensure that the Board of Directors in Proximion transfers the Warrants in accordance with what is stated above.The Board further proposes that the Annual General Meeting instruct the Board  or whomever the Board appoints  to make such minor adjustments in the abovementioned proposed resolutions that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 18 – Resolution to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the acquire and transfer of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors  for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  on one or several occasions  to resolve to acquire the Company’s own shares. The Board of Directors further proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors  for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  on one or several occasions  to resolve to transfer the own shares held by the Company at the time of the Board of Directors’ decision on transfer. The following conditions shall apply.Shares may be acquired to the extent that the Company’s holding of its own shares  on any occasion  does not exceed ten (10) per cent of the Company’s total outstanding shares.The shares may be acquired through an offer directed at all shareholders or through trading on Nasdaq Stockholm. When trading on Nasdaq Stockholm the price shall correspond to the price interval registered at any given time  by which is meant the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest sale price. Acquisition offers directed at all shareholders may only be made for consideration in cash and shall be made at a price corresponding to the registered price interval at any given time with a maximum deviation of 30 per cent upwards.The purpose of the proposed authorisation is to give the Board the opportunity to adapt the Company’s capital structure to its capital needs and thereby  among other things  be able to use the repurchased shares as a means of payment for the acquisition of companies.Transfer of own shares may be made through trading on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the price interval registered at any given time  which means the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest sale price. Transfer of shares acquired in accordance with the above may also take place outside Nasdaq Stockholm  with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights and with or without provisions on non-cash consideration or right of set-off. Transfer of own shares may  for example  be used as a means of payment in connection with company acquisitions on terms in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act’s rules on new issues. Such transfer may be made at a price in cash  or value  of property obtained  which  in the case of a business combination  corresponds to the stock exchange price at the time of the transfer.If the exercise of the authorisation regarding the acquisition and transfer of own shares is combined with the exercise of the authorisation regarding the new issue of shares  warrants and/or convertibles  item 19 on the agenda  for the purpose of financing all or part of the purchase price in the event of one and the same business acquisition or one and the same investment in connection with the conclusion of a new contract or the start-up of a new business area  the number of shares transferred and financial instruments issued during the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  together may not exceed one tenth of all outstanding shares in the Company at the time of the resolution authorizing a new issue.The possibility of deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights when transferring own shares is justified by the fact that transfer of shares over Nasdaq Stockholm or otherwise with deviation from preferential rights for shareholders can take place with greater speed  flexibility and is more cost-effective than transfer to all shareholders. If the Company’s own shares are transferred for consideration in a form other than cash in connection with agreements on the acquisition of assets  the Company cannot give shareholders the opportunity to exercise any preferential rights.The Board of Directors  or any person appointed by the Board of Directors  shall have the right to make any adjustments or amendments of the above resolution which may be required in connection with the registration of such resolution and to take any other measure deemed necessary for the execution of the resolution.Item 19 – Resolution to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on new issues of shares  warrants and/or convertiblesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors  for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  on one or several occasions and with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  to resolve on new share issues  warrants and/or convertibles corresponding to not more than ten (10) per cent of the registered share capital in the Company at the time of the issue resolution.The authorisation may be utilised for new issues  which may be made with provisions regarding contribution in cash  in kind or through set-off. A new issue may only be made at market price. In order to enable delivery of shares in connection with a cash issue as described above  this may  if the Board of Directors deems it appropriate  be made at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the shares  whereby the issue is directed to an issuing agency acting as a settlement bank for investors.Deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights shall only be possible in connection with company acquisitions. If the Board of Directors resolves on an issue with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the rationale shall be that the Company quickly needs access to capital in the event of a company acquisition or alternatively need to pay with the Company’s shares  warrants and/or convertibles.If the exercise of the authorisation regarding a new share issue is combined with the exercise of the authorisation regarding the acquisition and transfer of own shares  item 18 on the agenda  in order to finance all or part of the purchase price in one and the same company acquisition  the number of shares transferred and issued during the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  together may not exceed one tenth of all shares in the Company at the time of the resolution to authorise a new share issue.MISCELLANEOUSSpecial majority requirementFor valid resolutions in accordance with item 16 and 17 above  it is required that the proposals be supported by at least nine tenths (9/10) of the shares represented and votes cast at the Annual General Meeting.For valid resolutions in accordance with item 18 and 19 above  it is required that the proposals be supported by at least two thirds (2/3) of the shares represented and votes cast at the Annual General Meeting.Number of shares and votesAs per the date of this notice  the total number of outstanding shares and votes in the Company is 205 062 579 of which 203 026 610 are ordinary shares and 2 035 969 are shares of series C. The Company holds all shares of series C. The total number of votes in the Company amounts to 203 230 207  of which the Company holds 203 597 votes that are not represented at the Annual General Meeting.DocumentationThe annual report  the Board of Directors’ remuneration report and all other documentation for resolutions are available at the Company’s office at Hexatronic Group AB (publ)  Sofierogatan 3A  SE-412 51 Gothenburg  and at the Company´s website  www.hexatronicgroup.com  no later than three weeks before the Annual General Meeting. Moreover  the Nomination Committee’s motivated statement is available at the Company’s above address  as well as on the Company’s website  from the date of this notice. Copies of the documents will be sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the Company of their postal address.The Board of Directors’ proposal in accordance with item 18 and 19 above are fully formulated in the convening notice.Shareholders’ right to obtain informationShareholders are reminded of their right to  at the Annual General Meeting  obtain information from the Board of Directors and CEO in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act. Shareholders who wish to submit questions in advance may do so by sending post to Hexatronic Group AB (publ)  AGM 2023  Sofierogatan 3A  SE-412 51 Gothenburg or via e-mail to agm@hexatronic.com.Processing of personal dataFor information about how your personal data is processed  it is referred to the privacy notice available at Euroclear’s webpage: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf._____________________________Gothenburg in April 2023Hexatronic Group AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.17,0.39,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Hexatronic Group AB', 'Notice', 'Södra vägen', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Hexatronic Group AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate registration number', 'advance voting form', 'voting right registration', 'Världskulturmuseet', 'voting procedure', 'registered office', 'Tuesday 9 May', 'share register', 'Wednesday 3 May', 'accompanying assistant', 'two assistants', 'legal entity', 'Monday 8 May', 'relevant item', 'right registrations', 'special form', 'completed form', 'advance vote', 'Such registration', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'anmalan.vpc', 'telephone number', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'state name', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'Euroclears website', 'proxy form', 'equivalent certificate', 'dated proxy', 'Friday 28 April', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Gothenburg', '15.00 PM', 'participation', 'venue', 'person', 'circumstances', 'post', 'AGM', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'EuroclearProxy', 'weekdays', 'address', 'information', 'written', 'representative', 'authority', 'accordance', 'Story', 'notification', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'verification', 'BankID', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'extent', 'regard', 'addition', 'procedures', 'time', 'account', 'Opening', 'Elect', '101']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22052,Euroclear,Bing API,https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/notice-convene-annual-general-meeting-164000396.html,Notice to Convene Annual General Meeting,"Linkfire A/S CVR-no.: 35 83 54 31 The board of directors of Linkfire A/S (the ""Company"") hereby convenes the annual general meeting to be held on Wednesday 26 April 2023 at","COPENHAGEN  DK / ACCESSWIRE / April 4  2023 / Linkfire (STO:LINKFI)Linkfire A/SCVR-no.: 35 83 54 31The board of directors of Linkfire A/S (the ""Company"") hereby convenes the annual general meeting to be held on Wednesday 26 April 2023 at 10.00 CEST at the Company's offices  Rentemestervej 80  2400 Copenhagen NV  Denmark with the followingAgenda1. Appointment of chairman of the general meeting2. The board of directors' report on the activities of the Company during the past financial year3. Presentation of the audited annual report and the consolidated financial statements for the financial year 2022 for adoption4. Proposal by the board of directors concerning the appropriation of profits or covering of losses as recorded in the approved annual report5. Resolution to grant discharge of liability to members of the board of directors and the executive management6. Election of members of the board of directors  including the chairman of the board of directors7. Presentation of the remuneration report for the most recent financial year for advisory vote8. Approval of the board of directors' remuneration for the current financial year9. Election of auditor10. Determination of remuneration for the auditor11. Any proposals from the board of directors or the shareholdersProposal to authorize the board of directors to acquire treasury shares Proposal to authorize the board of directors to issue warrants Proposal to indemnify the board of directors and executive management12. Proposal on authorization to the chairman of the meetingRe item 1. Appointment of the chairman of the general meetingThe nomination committee proposes that attorney-at-law Andreas Nielsen is appointed as chairman of the meeting. Accordingly  the board of directors will at the general meeting appoint Andreas Nielsen as chairman of the meeting in accordance with section 6.8.1 of the Company's articles of association.Re item 2. The board of directors' report on the activities of the Company during the past financial yearRe item 3. Presentation of the audited annual report and the consolidated financial statements for adoptionThe board of directors proposes that the audited annual report is adopted.Story continuesThe audited annual report for 2022 is enclosed as Schedule A.Re item. 4. Proposal by the board of directors concerning the appropriation of profits or covering of losses as recorded in the approved annual reportThe board of directors proposes that the year's loss of DKK 70 564 (DKK 70 087 on consolidated level) is transferred to the Company's reserves and that no dividend is paid out for the financial year 2022.Re item 5. Resolution to grant discharge of liability to members of the board of directors and the executive managementRe item 6. Election of members of the board of directors  including the chairman of the board of directorsCurrently  the board of directors consists of the following members:Jesper Eigen Møller (chairman of the board of directors)Thomas Weilby KnudsenCharlotte KlingeOle LarsenPetra von RohrThe nomination committee proposes the re-election ofThomas Weiby Knudsen Charlotte Klinge Ole Larsen  andJesper Eigen Møller as chairman of the board of directorsAn overview of the management level post held by the current members of the board of directors in other commercial enterprises is included in the annual report.In addition  the nomination committee proposes the election of Peter Balint to replace Petra von Rohr  who has decided not to stand for re-election.An overview of management level posts held by Peter Balint in other commercial enterprises is enclosed to this notice as Schedule B.A statement issued by the nomination committee regarding the board of directors and the proposals of the nomination committee for the annual general meeting 2022 is available on https://investors.linkfire.com/investors.Re item 7. Presentation of the remuneration report for the most recent financial year for advisory voteThe board of directors proposes an advisory vote on the remuneration report 2022.The remuneration report for 2022 is enclosed to this notice as Schedule C.Re item 8. Approval of the board of directors' remuneration for the current financial yearThe nomination committee proposes that the general meeting approves an annual remuneration of DKK 250 000 (DKK 250 000 in the previous year) for the chairman of the board of directors and an annual remuneration of DKK 125 000 (DKK 125 000 in the previous year) for each of the other members of the board of directors until the next annual general meeting. Furthermore  the nomination committee proposes that the general meeting approves an annual remuneration of DKK 50 000 (DKK 50 000 in the previous year) for the chairmanship in the audit committee or the remuneration committee  respectively  and an annual remuneration of DKK 25 000 (DKK 25 000 in the previous year) for a regular membership of the audit committee or the remuneration committee  respectively.Re item 9. Election of auditorThe nomination committee proposes that Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab is re-appointed as the auditor of the Company.Re item 10. Determination of remuneration for the auditorThe nomination committee proposes that the remuneration to Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab will be paid in accordance with accounts approved by the Company.Re item 11a. Proposal to authorize the board of directors to acquire treasury sharesThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting in the period until the annual general meeting to be held in 2024 authorizes the board of directors to pass a resolution on the acquisition of treasury shares on the following terms:1. The Company may acquire up to nominally 114 989 treasury shares in the period until the annual general meeting to be held in 2024.2. Acquisitions of treasury shares should be made on the Exchange at a price per share which cannot deviate more than 10 % from the price quoted on the Exchange on the date of acquisition.All acquisitions of treasury shares shall be made in accordance with the applicable rules at the Exchange.It is proposed that the authorization to the board of directors to acquire treasury shares will replace the lapsed authorisation in section 4.2 in the articles of association as set out in the draft new articles of association  enclosed as Schedule D.Re item 11b. Proposal to authorize the board of directors to issue warrantsThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting in the period until the annual general meeting to be held in 2024 authorises the board of directors to issue up to 7 158 154 warrants in one or more rounds to the Company's key employees  consultants  members of the management and members of the executive management granting them a right to subscribe for shares of up to a total nominal amount of DKK 71 581.54 against payment in cash without pre-emption rights for the Company's shareholders  and to adopt the necessary resolutions to carry out the required increase of the Company's share capital.The reason for the board of directors' proposal to expand the authorization to issue warrants is that the board of directors considers it crucial to be able to attract  retain and incentivize relevant key employees in the Company.Historically  the authorization to issue warrants has been equal to 6.5% of the outstanding share capital in the Company. Following completion of Tranche 2 (reference is made to page 41 of the annual report for more information on Tranche 2)  the outstanding share capital in the Company will amount to up to 170 448 716 shares  depending on whether or not Tranche 2 is completed at the agreed price of SEK 0.60 per share.Following the dilution that occurred in relation to Tranche 1  and the dilution that will occur in relation to Tranche 2  the board of directors is of the opinion that a warrant pool equal to 6.5% of the Company's outstanding share capital is desirable in order to be able to attract  retain and incentivize new and existing key employees in the Company.The amount of warrants under the authorization has been determined as 6.5% of the Company's outstanding share capital  assuming that Tranche 2 is completed at the agreed price of SEK 0.60 per share less any warrants previously issued by the board of directors (approx. 3.9m). To the extent that Tranche 2 is completed at a higher price  the board of directors will abstain from issuing more 6.5% of the Company's outstanding share capital following Tranche 2.The principal terms and conditions which shall apply to the issued warrants are enclosed as schedule 1 to the articles of association (enclosed as Schedule D to this notice). The board of directors shall be authorized to determine the detailed terms and conditions of the issued warrants and the distribution thereof in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in that schedule.The board of directors may reissue any expired warrants that have not been duly exercised  provided that the reissuance observes the terms and limitations in time which are set out in this authorisation. A reissuance shall mean the board of directors' access to issue new warrants as substitution for warrants that have already been issued but which have terminated.For the issuance of warrants based on the above authorization the following shall apply:1. Partial payment of the subscription amount is not permitted.2. The new shares will be without pre-emption rights for existing shareholders  and the pre-emption rights relating to the new shares will not be restricted in respect of future capital increases.3. The transferability of the new shares will not be restricted  and the new shareholders will not be obligated to let their shares be redeemed.4. The new shares will be issued in the name of the holder and will be negotiable instruments.It is proposed that the authorization to issue warrants will replace authorisation in section 5.1 in the articles of association as set out in the draft new articles of association (schedule D).Re item 11c. Proposal to indemnify the board of directors and executive managementThe board of directors proposes  as a supplement to the Company's directors and officers liability insurance (D&O insurance)  that the Company shall indemnify members of the board of directors and executive management (together the ""Members of Management"" and individually  a ""Member of Management"") against third party claims in connection to such Members of Management's position or employment at the Company. The Company's current D&O insurance has a limit of liability of DKK 25 000 000 per claim and in aggregate per year. The indemnification shall be effective until the annual general meeting to be held in 2024 and shall include both current and future Members of Management. To the extent permitted by applicable Danish law  the indemnification shall apply to any liability towards third parties  which a Member of Management incurs in the performance of its duties as Member of Management of the Company.The Company's indemnification shall however not apply in the event of the respective Member of Management's gross negligence  willful misconduct  or fraudulent actions. Further  the indemnification shall in no event apply to the extent that the claim is covered by the Company's D&O insurance in part or in full. The indemnification shall thus for each Member of Management be limited to the part of a claim that exceeds the insurance coverage available to the respective Member of Management.The indemnification includes (i) the costs of investigating and defending claims by third parties  and (ii) the tax consequences for the individual Member of Management as a result of the indemnification. It is the opinion of the board of directors that it is necessary for the company to indemnify Members of the Management in excess of the coverage on the Company's D&O insurance in order to attract and retain talented and experienced individuals in the management of the Company. Therefore  the proposal is considered to be in the interest of both the Company and its shareholders.Re item 12. Proposal on authorization to the chairman of the meetingThe board of directors proposes to authorise the chairman of the general meeting - with right of substitution - to file the resolutions passed with the Danish Business Authority and to make such amendments to the resolutions passed by the general meeting which the Danish Business Authority might demand as a condition to register the resolutions passed by the general meeting.Additional informationAdoption requirementsThe proposal under agenda 11a and 11b requires that both 2/3 of the cast votes as well as 2/3 of the share capital represented at the general meeting are in favour of the proposal.The remaining proposals on the agenda can be adopted by simple majority.Share capital and voting rightsAt the time of this notice  the share capital in the Company is nominally DKK 1 149 890.51 divided into 114 989 051 shares  each of a nominal value of DKK 0.01 each. Each share of DKK 0.01 is entitled to one vote at the general meeting.Availability of informationThis notice with the agenda  the complete proposals  and schedules have been made public on the Company's website https://investors.linkfire.com.Questions to the agenda and other documents for the general meeting may be submitted in writing and must be received by the Company no later than Wednesday 19 April 2023 at 23.59 CEST. Written questions with clear identification of the shareholder must be sent to investors@linkfire.com or by regular mail to Linkfire A/S  Rentemestervej 80  2400 Copenhagen NV  Denmark.Furthermore  shareholders or proxies  physically present  may ask questions to the board of directors  the executive management and the Company's auditor on the general meeting.Admission to the general meeting and granting of proxyA shareholder or proxy wishing to attend the general meeting must submit a request for an admission card so that it has been received by the Company no later than Friday 21 April 2023 at 23.39 CEST. Admission cards can be requested by submitting the registration form by email (scanned copy) to investors@linkfire.com or by regular mail to Linkfire  Rentemestervej 80  2400 Copenhagen NV. Admissions cards will be handed out at the entrance to the general meeting upon presentation of valid photo identification. The registration form is enclosed to this notice as Schedule E and is also available on the website of the Company  https://investors.linkfire.com.Registration DateThe shareholders' right to attend and cast their votes at the general meeting is determined on basis of the number of shares held by the shareholders on the expiry of the date of registration on Wednesday  19 April 2023 at 23.59 CEST. Only shareholders holding shares on the registration date are entitled to attend and vote at the general meeting.The number of shares held by each shareholder in the Company on the date of registration is calculated at 23.59 pm on the date of registration. The calculation will be based on the registration of shares in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden  the register of shareholders and such duly documented notifications to the Company regarding the acquisition of shares that have not yet been recorded in the register of shareholders but have been received by the Company before 23.59 CEST on the date of registration.Information to shareholders who hold their shares through Euroclear Sweden ABThe following information is to shareholders who hold their shares through Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear Sweden"").In order to attend the annual general meeting and exercise your voting rights  you must register your voting rights in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden and complete the registration form (see Schedule E) in accordance with the instructions set out below.If you want to exercise your voting right by proxy  you must also register your voting rights in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden and complete the proxy-absentee vote form (see Schedule F) in accordance with the instructions set out below.Registration process for voting rights - Direct-registered holders:Shareholders who hold their shares on an account directly with Euroclear Sweden  a CSD-account (Sw: VP-konto) will automatically be included in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden and do not have to perform any registration regarding voting rights.Registration process for voting rights - Nominee-registered holders:To be registered and entitled to vote at the general meeting  shareholders who hold shares via a nominee must act in accordance with the instructions set out below:Nominee-registered shareholders must request the nominee to register their shares temporarily in their own name in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden. The request for registration of voting rights shall be submitted to the nominee in sufficient time to allow the registration to be effective and completed at Euroclear Sweden in due time before end of business on Wednesday 19 April 2023 at 23.59 CEST.Attendance with an adviserShareholders may attend the general meeting together with an adviser if they have taken out an admission card for themselves and the accompanying adviser no later than Friday 21 April 2023 at 23.59 CEST.Shareholders  who do not wish to or are unable to attend the general meeting may exercise their rights by completing the proxy/absentee vote form enclosed as Schedule F to this notice. The proxy/absentee vote form must be received by the Company no later than Friday 21 April 2023 at 23.59 CEST.On the proxy/absentee vote form. Shareholders may choose to:Vote by post (please note  that a vote by post cannot be withdrawn after it has been received by the Company)  Grant a proxy to a named third party  Grant a proxy to the chairman of the board of directors (votes will be casted in accordance with the board of directors' and the nomination committee's recommendations) or; Grant a proxy to the chairman of the board of directors to vote in accordance with the voting instructions given.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed by Euroclear Sweden  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfLanguageThe general meeting will be conducted in the English language without any simultaneous translation being offered.The following schedules are enclosed to this notice as available at https://investors.linkfire.com:Schedule A - Annual ReportSchedule B - Overview of management level posts held by Peter BalintSchedule C - Remuneration reportSchedule D - Draft new articles of association (in clean and redline)Schedule E - Registration formSchedule F - Proxy-absentee vote formCopenhagen  4 April 2023On behalf of the board of directorsJesper Eigen Møller  chairman of the board of directorsAbout Linkfire - Empowering Entertainment Discovery EverywhereLinkfire makes entertainment marketing easy. We optimize impact  drive streams  increase ticket sales and recommend audio content to billions of fans and listeners on a global scale. Our SaaS marketing platform transformed music marketing and we are now building a global recommendation network for audio entertainment discovery to connect even more fans and listeners to the content they love. Linkfire's customers and partners include most artists on Billboard's annual Hot 100  all major music labels  global audio and music streaming services  social media apps and media publishers.In 2022  Linkfire enabled 2.1 billion consumer connections and the company's revenue amounted to DKK 52.6M  an annual growth of 56 per cent. Co-founded in 2014 and headquartered in Copenhagen  Linkfire today employs a global team with offices in New York and Los Angeles. Linkfire's share (LINKFI) is listed on Nasdaq's First North Premier Growth Market in Stockholm. Learn more about us on about.linkfire.com and more about our offering on linkfire.com. To keep up with our latest news  follow @Linkfire on LinkedIn and @getlinkfire on Twitter and Instagram.AttachmentsNotice to convene annual general meetingSOURCE: LinkfireView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/747575/Notice-to-Convene-Annual-General-Meeting",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.39,0.38,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Jesper Eigen Møller', 'next annual general meeting', 'Thomas Weilby Knudsen', 'Thomas Weiby Knudsen', 'other commercial enterprises', 'management level post', 'law Andreas Nielsen', 'past financial year', 'recent financial year', 'current financial year', 'Petra von Rohr', 'consolidated level', 'financial statements', 'executive management', 'previous year', 'annual report', 'annual remuneration', 'current members', 'other members', 'following Agenda', 'advisory vote', 'treasury shares', 'Schedule A', 'Charlotte Klinge', 'Ole Larsen', 'Peter Balint', 'Schedule B', 'Schedule C', 'audit committee', 'regular membership', 'remuneration report', 'remuneration committee', 'nomination committee', 'Linkfire A/S', 'Wednesday 26 April', '2400 Copenhagen NV', 'following members', 'Re item', ""directors' remuneration"", 'DK', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'board', 'Company', '10.00 CEST', 'offices', 'Rentemestervej', 'Denmark', 'Appointment', 'chairman', 'activities', 'Presentation', 'adoption', 'Proposal', 'appropriation', 'profits', 'losses', 'Resolution', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Election', 'Approval', 'auditor', 'Determination', 'shareholders', 'warrants', 'authorization', 'attorney', 'accordance', 'section', 'articles', 'association', 'Story', 'reserves', 'overview', 'addition', 'notice', 'investors', '2022']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,ca.sports.yahoo.com
22053,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-2023-in-camurus-ab-publ-1680595200,Notice of annual general meeting 2023 in Camurus AB (publ),Right to participate and notification Participation in the meeting room A) A person who wishes to attend the meeting room in person or through a representative must be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB ...,"The Board of Directors has decided that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights at the AGM also by postal voting in accordance with the regulations in Camurus' Articles of Association.Right to participate and notificationParticipation in the meeting roomA) A person who wishes to attend the meeting room in person or through a representative mustbe recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on 2 May 2023  andno later than 4 May 2023  notify the company of its intention to participate in the AGM via the company's website www.camurus.com  in writing under the address Camurus AB (publ)  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone  +46 46 286 38 90. When registering  the shareholder must state name  social security- or company registration number  address  telephone number and the name of possible assistants (maximum two).If a shareholder is represented by a proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be issued to the proxy. Proxy form is available in Swedish and English upon request to the company and is also available on the company's website www.camurus.com. A power of attorney is valid one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however not more than five years. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal person  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached. In order to facilitate the registration process at the AGM  a proxy together with registration certificate and other authorization documents shall be received by the company at the above stated address before the AGM.Participation by postal votingB) A person who wishes to participate in the AGM by postal voting mustbe recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on 2 May 2023  andno later than 4 May 2023  give notice of participation by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.Anyone who wishes to attend the meeting room in person or through a representative  must give notice in accordance with the instructions stated under A) above. Hence  a notice through postal voting only is not sufficient for those who wishes to attend the meeting room.A special form must be used for postal voting. The form is available on the company's website www.camurus.com. The completed and signed form may be sent by mail to Camurus AB (publ)  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (mGeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com). The completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than 4 May 2023. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically by verifying with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/. To be considered  such electronic votes must be submitted no later than 4 May 2023.Shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form.If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Proxy form is available in Swedish and English upon request to the company and is also available on the company's website www.camurus.com. A power of attorney is valid one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however not more than five years. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the AGM  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the AGM  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of 2 May 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than 4 May 2023 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Proposal for agenda1. Opening of the meeting2. Election of chairman of the meeting3. Preparation and approval of the voting list4. Election of persons to approve the minutes5. Determination of compliance with the rules of convening the meeting6. Approval of the agenda7. The CEO's report8. Presentation ofa. the annual report and auditor's report as well as the group annual report and group auditor's report  andb. the statement by the auditor on the compliance of the applicable guidelines for remuneration to senior executives9. Resolutions regardinga. adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet b. appropriation of the company's earnings in accordance with the adopted balance sheet  andc. discharge from liability in relation to the company for the Board members and the CEO10. Establishment of the number of Board members and the number of auditors and deputy auditors  if any11. Establishment of fees to the Board members and the auditors12. Election of the Board members and auditors13. Resolution on approval of remuneration report14. Resolution on authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on issues of new shares and/or convertibles15. Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition and transfer of the company's own shares16. Resolution on (A) the implementation of ESOP2023/2026  and (B) directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants to fulfil the company's commitments under ESOP2023/2026 and to secure social security charges17. Resolution on guidelines for executive remuneration18. Closing of the meetingProposal for chairman of the meeting (item 2)In accordance with the principles for formation of the Nomination Committee adopted by the annual general meeting on 3 May 2016  the Nomination Committee for the annual general meeting 2023 has consisted of chairman Per Sandberg (Sandberg Development AB)  Arne Lööw (the Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund)  Henrik Didner (Didner & Gerge Fonder)  and Per Olof Wallström (chairman of the Board).The Nomination Committee has proposed that lawyer Jakob Wijkander  Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå  shall be elected as chairman of the annual general meeting.Proposal for appropriation of the company's earnings (item 9b)The Board has proposed that no dividend should be paid for the financial year 2022 and that the company's available funds of in total KSEK 901 283  including the year's profit of KSEK 48 471  should be carried forward.Proposal for the number of Board members and the number of auditors and deputy auditors (item 10)The Nomination Committee has proposed that the number of Board members shall be nine  that the number of auditors shall be one and that no deputy auditors shall be appointed.Proposal for fees to the Board members and the auditors (item 11)The Nomination Committee has proposed that fees to the Board  excluding fees for work in the committees  is to be paid with SEK 3 025 000 in total  of which  SEK 750 000 (650 000) is to be paid to the chairman of the Board and SEK 325 000 (300 000) is to be paid to each other member of the Board who is not employed by the company. For work in the Audit Committee  an unchanged fee of SEK 125 000 shall be paid to the chairman and a fee of SEK 50 000 shall be paid to each other member. For work in the Remuneration Committee  an unchanged fee of SEK 50 000 shall be paid to the chairman and SEK 25 000 shall be paid to each other member. The Nomination Committee has further proposed that fees to the auditor is to be paid as per approved invoice.Proposal for election of the Board members and auditors (item 12)The Nomination Committee has proposed re-election of the Board members Hege Hellstrøm  Jakob Lindberg  Stefan Persson  Behshad Sheldon  Fredrik Tiberg  Ole Vahlgren  Kerstin Valinder Strinnholm and Per Olof Wallström  and new election of Erika Söderberg Johnson. Per Olof Wallström is proposed for re-election as chairman of the Board.Erika Söderberg Johnson  born 1970  is senior strategic advisor within Kinnevik Group. Erika has a degree of Master of Science in Business and Economics from Stockholm School of Economics in 1993. She has a long and successful career within among others Enskilda Securities/SEB  Biotage AB and most recently Kinnevik. She has experience of several board assignments  among others in Sectra and SAAB. Erika does not hold any shares in Camurus. Erika is to be regarded as independent in relation to the company  the group management and the company's major shareholders.Information about Board members who are proposed for re-election can be found on the company's website www.camurus.com.The Nomination Committee has  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee  proposed re-election of the registered auditing firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB for a term of one year. PricewaterhouseCoopers AB has informed that Lisa Albertsson will be auditor in charge  if the company is elected.Proposal by the Board of Directors on authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on issues of new shares and/or convertibles (item 14)The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issues of new shares and/or convertibles in accordance with the following conditions:1. The authorization may be exercised on one or several occasions up to the annual general meeting 2024.2. Issues may be made of such number of new shares and/or convertibles  that corresponds to a maximum of 20 percent of the company's share capital.3. An issue may be made with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential right.4. An issue may be made against cash payment  by set-off or by contribution in kind.5. The issue price shall  in the case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential right  be determined in accordance with market practice. The Board of Directors shall be entitled to determine other terms of the issue.The purpose of the above authorization and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential right is to enable licensing or investments in the development of product candidates  approved medicines and/or supplementary technologies  to carry out or finance  fully or partly  acquisitions of companies  product candidates or development projects  to strengthen the company's capital base and/or to broaden the company's ownership base.Majority requirementUnder the Swedish Companies Act  the resolution of the general meeting on authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on issues of new shares and/or convertibles requires the approval of shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting in order to be valid.Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition and transfer of the company's own shares (item 15)The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition and transfer of the company's own shares on the following conditions.A. Authorization on acquisition of own shares1. Acquisition may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm  on one or several occasions up to the next annual general meeting 2024.2. Acquisition may be made of such number of shares that the company's holding of own shares does not at any time exceed two (2) percent of the total number of shares in the company.3. Acquisition may be made at a price per share which falls within the prevailing price interval registered at each point in time (i.e. in the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price).4. Payment of acquired shares shall be made in cash.The purpose of the proposed authorization is to enable the financing or payment of possible future company acquisitions.B. Authorization on transfer of own shares1. Transfer may take place on one or several occasions up to the next annual general meeting 2024.2. Transfer may be made of maximum the number of shares that corresponds to the company's existing holding of own shares at the time of transfer.3. Transfer may be made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential right.4. Transfer may be made as payment of the total or part of the purchase price at an acquisition of a company or business or part of a company or business  where the consideration shall be equivalent to the estimated market value of the share at the time of the Board of Director's decision on transfer. On such transfer  payment may be made in cash  by assets contributed in kind or by set-off of a claim against the company.5. Transfer may also be made against cash payment by sale on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price which falls within the prevailing price interval registered at each point in time (i.e. in the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price).The purpose of the proposed authorization and the reason for deviation from the shareholders' preferential right is to enable the financing or payment of possible future company acquisitions.Majority requirementUnder the Swedish Companies Act  the resolution of the general meeting to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition and transfer of own shares  requires the approval of shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting in order to be valid.Resolution on (A) the implementation of ESOP2023/2026  and (B) directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants to fulfil the company's commitments under ESOP2023/2026 and to secure social security charges (item 16)Background and reasonsThe Board of Directors of Camurus AB proposes that the 2023 annual general meeting resolves to establish a long-term incentive program based on employee stock options for new employees in the Camurus Group (""ESOP2023/2026"").Since 2016  the annual general meeting of Camurus has resolved on annually recurring incentive programs for senior executives and other employees in Camurus. Following an evaluation  the Board has resolved ahead of the annual general meeting 2023  to propose an incentive program based on employee stock options which  as opposed to previous programs  only covers new employees in Camurus who do not participate in previous incentive programs. An incentive program based on employee stock options that are linked to the development of the share price  rewards the long term value growth in Camurus  creating common interests and goals for the company's shareholders and the participants in the incentive program. A successful implementation of Camurus' business strategy and the safeguarding of the company's long-term interests  presupposes that the company can attract and recruit qualified and competent employees. The purpose of the proposed program is to be able to offer competitive remuneration  which is required in order to attract  retain and motivate employees  both in Sweden and internationally  and to ensure a long-term commitment from employees included in the program  through an incentive paired with the company's value growth.To secure Camurus' commitments in accordance with ESOP2023/2026 as well as the social security charges associated with the program  the Board also proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on a directed issue of warrants and to approve the transfer of warrants in accordance with item B below.Considering the terms proposed below  the size of the allotment and other circumstances  the Board considers that the proposed ESOP2023/2026 is well-balanced and beneficial for Camurus and its shareholders.A. PROPOSAL BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON RESOLUTION REGARDING IMPLEMENTATION OF ESOP2022/2026The Board proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement ESOP2023/2026 on the principal terms and conditions set out below:1. ESOP2023/2026 shall include the issuance of a maximum of 200 000 employee stock options to new employees in Camurus who do not participate in previous incentive programs (the ""Employee Options"").2. Each Employee Option entitles the holder to acquire one (1) new share in Camurus at an exercise price corresponding to 125 percent of the volume-weighted average price of the company's share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the ten days of trading immediately following the company's 2023 annual general meeting (the ""Exercise Price""). The Exercise Price and the number of shares that each Employee Stock Option entitles to may be subject to recalculation as a result of bonus issue  split  rights issue and similar measures.3. The Employee Options shall be granted free of charge. Over-allocation may not occur.4. The Employee Options shall not constitute securities and may not be transferred or pledged. However  the rights associated with the Employee Options are transferred to the estate and its co-owners in the event of the participants' death.5. The Employee Options shall be allocated to future employees in accordance with the following principles.Category Number of Employee Options  maximumSenior executives maximum 20 000 Employee Options per personManagerial positions maximum 10 000 Employee Options per personSpecialists maximum 5 000 Employee Options per personOther employees maximum 2 500 Employee Options per person6. Allocation of Employee Options is expected to take place continuously up until the company's annual general meeting 2024 in accordance with the allocation principles specified in item A.5. The reason why future employees may be allocated Employee Options at such point in time that the time period between the allotment and the start of the Exercise Period (as defined below) may be less than three years is to enable Camurus to offer competitive remuneration in order to attract employees  both in Sweden and internationally and that the Board deems it important that future employees are given the opportunity to take part in a value growth in Camurus' share from the start of the employment.7. Participants may exercise allotted and earned Employee Options during the period from and including 1 June 2026 to and including 31 December 2026 (the ""Exercise Period""). The Board has the right to limit the number of occasions during the Exercise Period when the Employee Options can be exercised.8. Exercise of Employee Options presupposes that the participant remains in his or her employment or equivalent employment in the Camurus Group at the time of exercise. The Board may decide otherwise in individual cases.9. Upon exercise of the Employee Options  each Employee Option shall entitle the participant to receive one (1) share in Camurus  or one (1) warrant that can be immediately converted into a share  upon payment of the Exercise Price.10. Participation in ESOP2023/2026 presupposes that such participation can legally take place  and that such participation in Camurus' assessment can take place with reasonable administrative costs and financial and practical efforts. The Board shall have the right to adapt the terms of ESOP2023/2026 to the extent necessary to enable delivery of Employee Options and the economic value of the resulting shares to persons in other countries  as far as practicable  on terms and conditions corresponding to those that follows from ESOP2023/2026.11. The other conditions for participation in ESOP2023/2026 shall be determined by the Board.B. DIRECTED ISSUE OF WARRANTS AND APPROVAL OF TRANSFER OF WARRANTS TO FULFIL THE COMPANY'S COMMITMENTS UNDER ESOP 2023/2026 AND TO SECURE SOCIAL SECURITY CHARGESTo enable Camurus to deliver shares or warrants that can be immediately converted into shares in accordance with ESOP2023/2026 and to secure associated costs  such as social security charges  the Board proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on a directed issue of warrants and to approve the transfer of warrants on the following terms:1. A maximum of 218 700 warrants shall be issued.2. Camurus Development AB  a wholly owned subsidiary of Camurus  shall  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential right  be entitled to subscribe for the warrants.3. Subscription of the warrants shall be made on a separate subscription list no later than on 30 June 2023  whereby the Board has the right to extend the subscription period.4. The warrants shall be issued free of charge.5. Each warrant shall entitle the holder to subscribe for one (1) new share.6. The subscription price per share shall amount to 125 percent of the volume-weighted average price for the company's share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the ten days of trading immediately following the company's 2023 annual general meeting (the ""Exercise Price"").7. Subscription of shares in the company by exercising the warrants may take place on one or more occasions during the period from and including 1 June 2026 to and including 31 December 2026.8. If all warrants are exercised to subscribe for new shares  the share capital may increase by a maximum of SEK 5 467.50. In the event that the subscription price for newly subscribed shares exceeds the quota value of the shares  the excess subscription amount shall be added to the unrestricted share capital.9. A share issued after exercise of a warrant shall entitle to dividend for the first time on the record date for dividends that falls immediately after the share has been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.10. Other terms for the warrants  including conditions for recalculation of the Exercise Price and the number of shares that each warrant gives the right to subscribe for  are set out in the ""Terms & conditions for Camurus AB's warrants 2023/2026"".The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential right is that the issue forms part of the implementation of ESOP2023/2026. In light of what has been stated in Background and reasons above  the Board believes that it is to the advantage of Camurus and its shareholders that new employees in the Camurus Group who do not participate in previous incentive programs are offered participation in ESOP2023/2026.The Board further proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve that Camurus Development AB  directly or indirectly  is permitted to transfer warrants and/or shares free of charge to the participants of ESOP2023/2026 in connection with the Employee Options being exercised in accordance with their terms  or to otherwise dispose of the warrants  including (but not limited to) selling them to financial institutions to secure Camurus' commitments and costs in connection with ESOP2023/2026.Since an authorisation for the Board to resolve on transfer of own shares on Nasdaq Stockholm is valid only until the next annual general meeting  the Board has decided not to propose that the 2023 annual general meeting resolves on an authorisation for the Board to resolve on transfer of the company's own shares on Nasdaq Stockholm in order to secure payment of social security charges. However  before any transfer of warrants and/or shares in Camurus to participants in ESOP2023/2026  the Board may propose a later general meeting to resolve on an authorisation for the Board to resolve on transfer of the company's own shares on Nasdaq Stockholm in order to secure payment of social security charges.Last  the Board proposes that the Board  or anyone appointed by the Board  should be authorised to make the minor adjustments to the above-mentioned resolution that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and possible Euroclear accession of the warrants._________________Costs related to ESOP2023/2026The Board estimates that ESOP2023/2026 will incur costs for the company from an accounting perspective in accordance with IFRS 2. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security charges will be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period.Based on the assumption of a share price at the time of allocation of the Employee Options of SEK 225.16  an annual increase in the share price of 20 percent  that 100 percent of the Employee Options included in the program will be exercised and that the Employee Options at the time of allocation are valued in accordance with a Black & Scholes model  the annual personnel cost from an accounting perspective according to IFRS 2 for ESOP2023/2026 is estimated to amount to a total of approximately SEK 17 million during the period 2023-2026. Assuming instead that 50 percent of the Employee Options in the program are exercised  the corresponding cost is estimated to a total of SEK 8 5 million. The Employee Option have no market value because they are not transferable. However  with the help of Optio Incentives  an external and independent party  the company has calculated a theoretical value of the Employee Option using the Black & Scholes valuation model. The calculations have been based on the term of the Employee Option  the Exercise Price  an assumed share price of SEK 225.16 at allotment  an assumed volatility of 45 percent  an expected dividend of SEK 0 and a risk-free interest rate during the term of the Employee Option of 2.70 percent. According to this valuation  the value of the Employee Options amounts to approximately SEK 60.74 per Employee Option. The restrictions on transferability have not been considered in the valuation. The actual IFRS 2 cost during the vesting period depends on how many Employee Options that are exercised.Upon exercise of the Employee Options  ESOP2023/2026 also results in costs in the form of social security charges. Total costs for social security charges during the vesting period depend on how many Employee Options that are exercised and on the value of the benefit that the participant will ultimately receive  i.e. on the value of the Employee Options upon exercise. Assuming that 100 percent of the Employee Options included in the program will be exercised  that the social security charges amount to 27.0 percent  an assumed Exercise Price of SEK 281.45 and an assumed share price of SEK 389.25 when exercising the Employee Options  the costs for the social security charges amount to approximately SEK 4 5 million. Under the same conditions  but assuming that 50 percent of the Employee Options included in the program are exercised  the cost of social security charges is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 2 25 million. The company's entire cost for social security charges is proposed to be secured through the directed issue of warrants in accordance with item B above.Dilution and effects on important key figuresESOP2023/2026 entails the issue of a maximum of 218 700 warrants  of which 200 000 warrants to cover Camurus' commitments to the participants in the program and 18 700 warrants to secure associated costs  such as social security charges. Assuming that all warrants issued in connection with ESOP2023/2026 are used to subscribe for new shares  Camurus' share capital will increase by SEK 5 467.50. This corresponds to approximately 0.39 percent of the shares and votes in the company after full exercise. In such case  the key ratio earnings per share for the full year 2022 had changed in such a way that the profit per share before dilution had decreased by approximately SEK 0.01 from SEK 1.01 to SEK 1.00.Camurus already has one ongoing incentive program based on warrants  Warrants Program 2020/2023  and two ongoing programs based on employee stock options  ESOP2021/2024 and ESOP2022/2026. These programs together comprise a maximum of 3 596 500 new shares in Camurus  corresponding to a total dilution effect of approximately 6.1 percent after full exercise. With regard to the number of allocated warrants and employee options the programs entail a total dilution effect of approximately 3.7 percent after full exercise. In total  Warrant Program 2020/2023  ESOP2021/2024  ESOP2022/2026 and ESOP2023/2026 (with regard to the number of allocated warrants and employee options in previous programs) may entail a maximum dilution effect of approximately 4.1 percent after full exercise.The above calculations are subject to any additional recalculations of the warrants in accordance with the terms that apply to the respective incentive program. All dilution effects have been calculated as the number of additional shares in relation to the number of existing and additional shares.Program preparationThe proposal for ESOP2023/2026 has been prepared by the Board and its Remuneration Committee in consultation with certain major shareholders and external advisers.Majority requirementsThe Board's proposal for a resolution regarding ESOP2023/2026 and the necessary measures to fulfil the company's associated commitments in accordance with items A and B above is put forward as single proposal. The Board therefore proposes that the resolution of the annual general meeting under items A and B above is made as a single resolution in compliance with the majority rules in chapter 16 in the Swedish Companies Act  meaning that shareholders with at least nine tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the proposals.Resolution on guidelines for executive remuneration (item 17)The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves on amended guidelines for executive remuneration. In relation to the current guidelines  the proposal entails that the variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than sixty (60) percent of the total fixed cash salary during the measurement period of the criteria  compared to previously fifty (50) percent of the total fixed cash salary during the measurement period of the criteria.The Board of Directors' complete proposal of the amended guidelines for executive remuneration will be available on the company's website  www.camurus.com.Available documentsFinancial statements  the auditor's report and the statement by the auditor and the Board's complete proposal for the resolutions will be available at the company and on the company's website  www.camurus.com  as from 19 April 2023 at the latest  and will be sent upon request to shareholders who provide their address. Copies will also be available at the AGM. The Nomination Committees' reasoned statement is available at the company's website www.camurus.com.Information at the AGMThe Board and the CEO shall at the AGM  if any shareholder so requests and the Board believes that it can be done without significant harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of items on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial position and the company's relation to other companies within the group.Number of shares and votes in the companyAt the time of this convening notice  the total number of shares in the company amounts to 55 423 043. The company has only one series of shares and the total number of votes in the company amounts to 55 423 043.Processing of personal dataFor information about the processing of your personal data  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Lund in April 2023Camurus AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsAbout CamurusCamurus is a Swedish science-led biopharmaceutical company committed to developing and commercializing innovative and differentiated medicines for the treatment of severe and chronic conditions. New drug products with best-in-class potential are conceived based on the company's proprietary FluidCrystal[®] drug delivery technologies and its extensive R&D expertise. Camurus' clinical pipeline includes products for the treatment of cancer  endocrine diseases  pain and addiction  which are developed in-house and in collaboration with international pharmaceutical companies. The company's shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm under the ticker CAMX. For more information  visit www.camurus.com.For more informationPer Olof Wallström  Chairman of the BoardTel. +46 709 42 95 20p.o.wallstrom@telia.comThe information was submitted for publication at 08:00 am CET on 4 April 2023.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.23,0.34,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Camurus AB', 'Notice', 'P.O. Box', 'other authorization document', 'longer time period', 'Voting rights registrations', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'group annual report', 'entire postal vote', 'postal voting form', 'company registration number', 'telephone number', 'voting list', 'registration certificate', 'registration process', 'Camurus AB', 'share register', 'possible assistants', 'issue date', 'five years', 'The CEO', 'meeting room', 'special form', 'completed form', 'electronic votes', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', ""Camurus' Articles"", 'legal person', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'dated power', 'state name', 'Proxy form', 'Board', 'Directors', 'shareholders', 'AGM', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Association', 'notification', 'Participation', 'representative', 'circumstances', '2 May', '4 May', 'intention', 'website', 'writing', 'address', 'publ', 'Stockholm', 'written', 'attorney', 'Swedish', 'English', 'request', 'order', 'notice', 'day', 'Anyone', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'BankID', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'addition', 'presentation', 'routines', 'advance', 'account', 'Proposal', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'persons', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'compliance', 'rules', 'auditor', '8.']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,privataaffarer.se
22054,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/notice-to-kinneviks-annual-general-meeting-1680595200,Notice to Kinnevik’s Annual General Meeting,Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall be recorded as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Thursday 27 April 2023  and give notice of ...,"The shareholders of Kinnevik AB (publ) (""Kinnevik"") are hereby invited to the 2023 Annual General Meeting on Monday 8 May 2023 at 10:00 a.m. CEST at Hotel At Six  Brunkebergstorg 6 in Stockholm. Registration for the Annual General Meeting will commence at 9:30 a.m. CEST. The Board has decided that the shareholders also shall be able to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting by postal voting in advance.The Annual General Meeting will be held to:elect in total five (5) Board members and amongst them a Chairman of the Board for a one-year term – James Anderson  Susanna Campbell  Harald Mix  Cecilia Qvist and Charlotte Strömberg are proposed for re-election and James Anderson is proposed to continue as Chairman of the Board;approve an updated instruction for the Nomination Committee and elect members to the Nomination Committee for the work ahead of the 2024 Annual General Meeting – the Nomination Committee is proposed to consist of five (5) members  including the Chairman of the Board. Hugo Stenbeck  Lawrence Burns  Erik Brändström and Marie Klingspor are proposed as members of the Nomination Committee in addition to the Chairman of the Board  and Lawrence Burns is proposed as Chairman of the Nomination Committee;resolve to adopt Kinnevik's 2023 long-term share incentive plan  including  among other things  resolutions to amend Kinnevik's Articles of Association and transfers of shares;resolve on a compensation for paid dividends and other value transfers to participants in Kinnevik's long-term incentive plans for 2018 and 2020  in accordance with the Articles of Association and the terms of the plans  as well as arrangements for the delivery of shares under outstanding long-term incentive plans; andaddress such other items as required at an Annual General Meeting under the Swedish Companies Act and the Swedish Corporate Governance Code.The notice document  including the Board's and the Nomination Committee's complete proposals to the Annual General Meeting as well as a shareholder proposal  is attached to this press release. The notice document is also available on Kinnevik's website at www.kinnevik.com under the heading ""General Meetings"" (which can be found under the section ""Governance"").ParticipationShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall be recorded as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Thursday 27 April 2023  and give notice of participation no later than Tuesday 2 May 2023.Participation at the meeting venueShareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy must give notice of participation to Kinnevik no later than Tuesday 2 May 2023. Notice of participation may be given via Euroclear Sweden AB's website at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  by telephone to +46 (0) 8 402 91 36  or by post to Kinnevik AB  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders shall in their notice of participation state their name  personal identification number or company registration number  address  phone number and advisors  if applicable.If the shareholder is represented by proxy at the meeting venue  a written and dated power of attorney and registration certificate or a corresponding document for a legal entity should be sent to the address above well before the Annual General Meeting. A template proxy form is available on Kinnevik's website at www.kinnevik.com under the heading ""General Meetings"" (which can be found under the section ""Governance"").Participation by postal votingShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting must give notice of participation by casting their postal vote so that it is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Tuesday 2 May 2023. A special form shall be used for postal voting  available on Kinnevik's website at www.kinnevik.com under the heading ""General Meetings"" (which can be found under the section ""Governance"").The postal voting form can be submitted either by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com  or by post to Kinnevik AB  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders may also cast their postal votes electronically through BankID verification via Euroclear Sweden AB's website at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy.If the shareholder postal votes by proxy  a written and dated a power of attorney shall be enclosed with the postal voting form. A template proxy form is available on Kinnevik's website at www.kinnevik.com under the heading ""General Meetings"" (which can be found under the section ""Governance""). If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or a corresponding document for the legal entity shall be enclosed with the postal voting form. Further instructions can be found on the postal voting form and on Euroclear Sweden AB's website at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy.Nominee-registered sharesTo be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shareholders whose shares are registered in the names of nominees must  in addition to giving notice of participation  re-register such shares in their own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the presentation of the share register as of Thursday 27 April 2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (voting rights registration) and can be requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting rights registrations effected by the nominee no later than Tuesday 2 May 2023 will be considered in the presentation of the share register.Proposed agendaThe Board proposes the following agenda to the Annual General Meeting:",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Kinnevik', 'Erik Brändström', '2023 long-term share incentive plan', 'outstanding long-term incentive plans', 'Swedish Corporate Governance Code', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Charlotte Strömberg', 'P.O. Box', '2023 Annual General Meeting', '2024 Annual General Meeting', 'personal identification number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'postal voting form', 'company registration number', 'template proxy form', 'other value transfers', 'shareholder postal votes', 'five (5) Board members', 'share register', 'special form', 'meeting venue', 'General Meetings', 'phone number', 'voting rights', 'other things', 'other items', 'five (5) members', 'Monday 8 May', 'one-year term', 'James Anderson', 'Susanna Campbell', 'Harald Mix', 'Cecilia Qvist', 'Nomination Committee', 'Hugo Stenbeck', 'Lawrence Burns', 'Marie Klingspor', 'complete proposals', 'press release', 'Thursday 27 April', 'Tuesday 2 May', 'registration certificate', 'corresponding document', 'legal entity', 'BankID verification', 'Further instructions', 'Kinnevik AB', 'shareholder proposal', 'dated power', 'anmalan.vpc', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'notice document', 'shareholders', '10:00 a', 'CEST', 'Hotel', 'Six', 'Brunkebergstorg', 'Stockholm', 'advance', 'total', 'Chairman', 'election', 'updated', 'work', 'addition', 'resolutions', 'Articles', 'Association', 'resolve', 'compensation', 'dividends', 'participants', 'accordance', 'terms', 'arrangements', 'delivery', 'website', 'heading', 'section', 'Participation', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'euroclearproxy', 'telephone', 'AGM', 'name', 'address', 'advisors', 'attorney', 'email', 'GeneralMeetingService', '9:30']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,privataaffarer.se
22055,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear France opens NEU CP issuance to Italian issuers. Through the service  Italian issuers will be able to iss… https://t.co/q1BE9ipWT5,nan,Euroclear France opens NEU CP issuance to Italian issuers. Through the service  Italian issuers will be able to iss… https://t.co/q1BE9ipWT5,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['NEU CP issuance', 'Euroclear France', 'Italian issuers', 'service', 'NEU CP issuance', 'Euroclear France', 'Italian issuers', 'service']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,Unknown
22056,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,"Toomey: Fed ""wildly mischaracterized"" master account law for own gain #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/TjQsvHvTfp #regtech",nan,"Toomey: Fed ""wildly mischaracterized"" master account law for own gain #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/TjQsvHvTfp #regtech",negative,0.05,0.43,0.52,negative,0.05,0.43,0.52,True,English,"['Toomey', 'Fed', 'gain', 'Fintech', 'TjQsvHvTfp', 'regtech', 'Toomey', 'Fed', 'gain', 'Fintech', 'TjQsvHvTfp', 'regtech']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,Unknown
22057,Clearstream,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1105942540/Fuel-Venture-Capital-Flagship-Fund-II-Launches-With-Unique-Funding-Structure,Fuel Venture Capital Flagship Fund II Launches With Unique Funding Structure,The structure is tipped to transform the private markets landscape<br /> Fuel Venture Capital  a leading early-stage investor in technology and d,Fuel Venture Capital  a leading early-stage investor in technology and digital companies  will raise money for its next fund using an innovative  new funding structure positioned to transform the private markets landscape.Institutional investors will be able to participate in its upcoming Fuel Venture Capital Flagship Fund II  which is aiming to raise $300 million  via The Fuel VC Note  a listed  centrally cleared transferable Note that can be sold and traded throughout its duration.Investing in the fund in this way enables the potential liquidity and transferability of a stake in an underlying asset class that has traditionally been illiquid  whilst any distributions from underlying liquidity events (e.g. IPOs) can still be passed through to investors in a tax efficient manner. This means investors can potentially exit their investments more easily and quickly  compared to traditional venture capital investments.Investors can purchase  value and custody the Fuel Note through their existing brokerage accounts  making the process seamless and hassle-free. The innovative structure also allows exclusive access to the fund with smaller investment minimums  making previously exclusive opportunities more accessible to a wider range of professional investors.The Fuel VC Note will invest directly into the Fuel Venture Capital Flagship Fund II with a discounted fee structure. Investors will gain a unique 1:1 exposure to the underlying fund  gaining exposure diversified across the global creative economy.The fund will target disruptive technology companies that transform how businesses and consumers transact  consume  work and enjoy their life journey. The fund is already primed to invest in seven warehouse companies  all previously backed by Fuel Venture Capital funds. These are: Betr  RecargaPay  Soundtrack Your Brand  Curve  CookUnity  AEXLAB and Novopayment.Fuel Venture Capital is not the first to pursue innovation of this type within the private markets landscape. Private Equity platform Moonfare uses various forms of feeder vehicles to give investors access to private equity and venture funds in a similar way. The Fuel Note takes this accessibility to the next level  with some unique features and advantages.Another unique feature of the Fuel Note is that it will have a CUSIP/ISIN and be centrally cleared  via central clearing systems including Euroclear  Clearstream and DTCC. This eliminates the need for KYC/AML  application forms  wire transfers and tax forms  such as W8-BEN Forms  streamlining the investment process further for investors.Furthermore  the pricing of the Fuel Note will be available via Bloomberg  SIX Financial  and the relevant Stock Exchange where it will be listed  adding an extra layer of transparency and accessibility to the investment process. Additionally  the Note will have blue chip counterparties acting on behalf of the noteholders  ensuring a high level of security and trust in the investment.The note will be issued by S1Series Designated Activity Company (DAC)  an Irish section 110 tax status company  which has been sponsored by London-based Sequence Capital and structured by Lynk Capital Markets  a Fintech platform for the creation and distribution of alternative investments.Jeff Ransdell  founding partner and managing director of Fuel Venture Capital  said:Mario Rivero  founder and director of Lynk Capital Markets  said:,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,True,English,"['Fuel Venture Capital Flagship Fund II', 'Unique Funding Structure', 'upcoming Fuel Venture Capital Flagship Fund II', 'Irish section 110 tax status company', 'S1Series Designated Activity Company', 'centrally cleared transferable Note', 'Fuel Venture Capital funds', 'traditional venture capital investments', 'The Fuel VC Note', 'innovative, new funding structure', 'London-based Sequence Capital', 'Lynk Capital Markets', 'The Fuel Note', 'tax efficient manner', 'leading early-stage investor', 'existing brokerage accounts', 'global creative economy', 'central clearing systems', 'relevant Stock Exchange', 'blue chip counterparties', 'private markets landscape', 'underlying asset class', 'seven warehouse companies', 'underlying liquidity events', 'smaller investment minimums', 'Private Equity platform', 'disruptive technology companies', 'venture funds', 'innovative structure', 'tax forms', 'underlying fund', 'digital companies', 'fee structure', 'next fund', 'potential liquidity', 'Fintech platform', 'alternative investments', 'exclusive opportunities', 'wider range', 'life journey', 'various forms', 'feeder vehicles', 'next level', 'unique features', 'application forms', 'wire transfers', 'W8-BEN Forms', 'SIX Financial', 'extra layer', 'high level', 'Jeff Ransdell', 'founding partner', 'Mario Rivero', 'investment process', 'exclusive access', 'unique 1:1 exposure', 'similar way', 'managing director', 'Institutional investors', 'professional investors', 'money', 'duration', 'transferability', 'stake', 'distributions', 'IPOs', 'value', 'custody', 'businesses', 'consumers', 'Betr', 'RecargaPay', 'Soundtrack', 'Brand', 'Curve', 'CookUnity', 'AEXLAB', 'Novopayment', 'innovation', 'type', 'Moonfare', 'accessibility', 'advantages', 'CUSIP/ISIN', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'DTCC', 'need', 'KYC/AML', 'pricing', 'Bloomberg', 'transparency', 'behalf', 'noteholders', 'security', 'trust', 'DAC', 'creation', 'founder']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,menafn.com
22058,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Submit your best caption to @COZITV  for your chance to win a ClearStream HORIZON amplified indoor HDTV antenna! Go… https://t.co/9f5F8Bv8Uo,nan,Submit your best caption to @COZITV  for your chance to win a ClearStream HORIZON amplified indoor HDTV antenna! Go… https://t.co/9f5F8Bv8Uo,positive,0.77,0.22,0.0,positive,0.77,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['indoor HDTV antenna', 'best caption', 'ClearStream HORIZON', 'chance', 'indoor HDTV antenna', 'best caption', 'ClearStream HORIZON', 'chance']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,Unknown
22059,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,This week's #COZISayWHAT winner will receive an @Antennasdirect ClearStream HORIZON Amplified Indoor HDTV Antenna!… https://t.co/1hEXLXbDgv,nan,This week's #COZISayWHAT winner will receive an @Antennasdirect ClearStream HORIZON Amplified Indoor HDTV Antenna!… https://t.co/1hEXLXbDgv,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.01,True,English,[],2023-04-04,2023-04-04,Unknown
22060,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@MattRussell3 @AdamRutherford @CatNeilan @tortoise Don't forget to look into panama papers  lux leaks  Clearstream… https://t.co/sEcd7A6U0j,nan,@MattRussell3 @AdamRutherford @CatNeilan @tortoise Don't forget to look into panama papers  lux leaks  Clearstream… https://t.co/sEcd7A6U0j,neutral,0.12,0.8,0.08,neutral,0.12,0.8,0.08,True,English,"['panama papers', 'lux leaks', 'MattRussell3', 'AdamRutherford', 'CatNeilan', 'tortoise', 'Clearstream', 'panama papers', 'lux leaks', 'MattRussell3', 'AdamRutherford', 'CatNeilan', 'tortoise', 'Clearstream']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,Unknown
22061,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@BFMTV Coucou « Clearstream » non pardon Raffarin…,nan,@BFMTV Coucou « Clearstream » non pardon Raffarin…,neutral,0.07,0.86,0.07,neutral,0.07,0.86,0.07,True,English,"['Clearstream', 'Raffarin', 'Clearstream', 'Raffarin']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,Unknown
22062,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,#Ukraine $15 billion 4 yr IMF loan all in rate w surcharge 7.5% lawmaker criticize. @Clearstream FX convert capacit… https://t.co/0mMcrbXrxf,nan,#Ukraine $15 billion 4 yr IMF loan all in rate w surcharge 7.5% lawmaker criticize. @Clearstream FX convert capacit… https://t.co/0mMcrbXrxf,negative,0.0,0.12,0.87,negative,0.0,0.12,0.87,True,English,"['billion 4 yr IMF loan', 'rate w surcharge', 'lawmaker', 'capacit', 'billion 4 yr IMF loan', 'rate w surcharge', 'lawmaker', 'capacit']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,Unknown
22063,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream 2V TV Antenna  60+ Mile Range  UHF/VHF  Multi-directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast… https://t.co/fJ2tPeK1HX,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream 2V TV Antenna  60+ Mile Range  UHF/VHF  Multi-directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast… https://t.co/fJ2tPeK1HX,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['2V TV Antenna', '60+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'UHF/VHF', 'Attic', 'Mast', '2V TV Antenna', '60+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'UHF/VHF', 'Attic', 'Mast']",2023-04-02,2023-04-04,Unknown
22064,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@ftr_investors I would imagine Euronext NV  London Stock Exchange Group and Deutsche Boerse deserve to be amongst t… https://t.co/rPB2OYyeZr,nan,@ftr_investors I would imagine Euronext NV  London Stock Exchange Group and Deutsche Boerse deserve to be amongst t… https://t.co/rPB2OYyeZr,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,True,English,"['London Stock Exchange Group', 'Euronext NV', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'Euronext NV', 'Deutsche Boerse']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,Unknown
22065,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse has released its cash market trading volumes for March 2023  witnessing the markets' turnover totale… https://t.co/fv0I1E513o,nan,Deutsche Börse has released its cash market trading volumes for March 2023  witnessing the markets' turnover totale… https://t.co/fv0I1E513o,neutral,0.16,0.81,0.03,neutral,0.16,0.81,0.03,True,English,"['cash market trading volumes', 'Deutsche Börse', ""markets' turnover totale"", 'March', 'cash market trading volumes', 'Deutsche Börse', ""markets' turnover totale"", 'March']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,Unknown
22066,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,ETC Group to launch multi-crypto ETP @ETF_Strategy ETC Group is set to launch a new ETP on Deutsche Börse Xetra. T… https://t.co/cgOaHouL52,nan,ETC Group to launch multi-crypto ETP @ETF_Strategy ETC Group is set to launch a new ETP on Deutsche Börse Xetra. T… https://t.co/cgOaHouL52,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'ETC Group', 'multi-crypto ETP', 'new ETP', 'ETF_Strategy', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'ETC Group', 'multi-crypto ETP', 'new ETP', 'ETF_Strategy']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,Unknown
22067,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vantiva-confirms-participation-technicolor-creative-064700131.html,Vantiva confirms its participation in the Technicolor Creative Studios’ refinancing,Press Release Vantiva confirms its participation in the Technicolor Creative Studios’ refinancing Paris (France)  April 3  2023 – Vantiva (Euronext Paris...,VantivaPress ReleaseVantiva confirms its participation in the Technicolor Creative Studios’ refinancingParis (France)  April 3  2023 – Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI; OTCQX: TCLRY)TCS announced the details of its refinancing in a press release issued today.Vantiva confirms that it will participate in this plan for €10 million through a convertible bond issue with an option for an additional €10 million.This operation has no impact on the company's guidance.For more details on this refinancing plan  please refer to the TCS press release.About VantivaPushing the EdgeVantiva shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (VANTI) and are tradable in the form of American Depositary Receipts (ADR) in the United States on the OTC Pink market (TCLRY).Vantiva  formerly known as Technicolor  is headquartered in Paris  France. It is an independent company which is a global technology leader in designing  developing and supplying innovative products and solutions that connect consumers around the world to the content and services they love – whether at home  at work or in other smart spaces. Vantiva has also earned a solid reputation for optimizing supply chain performance by leveraging its decades-long expertise in high-precision manufacturing  logistics  fulfillment and distribution. With operations throughout the Americas  Asia Pacific and EMEA  Vantiva has been recognized as a strategic partner by leading firms across various vertical industries  including network service providers  software companies and video game creators for over 25 years. Vantiva is committed to the highest standards of corporate social responsibility and sustainability across all aspects of its operations. For more information  please visit www.vantiva.com and follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Corporate press:vantiva.press@image7.frInvestor Relations Contact:investor.relations@vantiva.netAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.94,0.05,0.01,True,English,"['Technicolor Creative Studios’ refinancing', 'Vantiva', 'participation', 'Technicolor Creative Studios’ refinancing', 'convertible bond issue', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'global technology leader', 'other smart spaces', 'supply chain performance', 'various vertical industries', 'network service providers', 'video game creators', 'OTC Pink market', 'corporate social responsibility', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'TCS press release', 'Corporate press', 'regulated market', 'United States', 'innovative products', 'solid reputation', 'decades-long expertise', 'high-precision manufacturing', 'Asia Pacific', 'strategic partner', 'leading firms', 'software companies', 'highest standards', 'refinancing plan', 'Euronext Paris', 'independent company', 'Vantiva shares', 'participation', 'France', 'April', 'OTCQX', 'TCLRY', 'details', 'option', 'operation', 'impact', 'guidance', 'Edge', 'ADR', 'solutions', 'consumers', 'world', 'content', 'services', 'home', 'logistics', 'fulfillment', 'distribution', 'Americas', 'EMEA', '25 years', 'sustainability', 'aspects', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'image', 'Attachment']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22068,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sequana-medical-announces-submission-investigational-050000546.html,Sequana Medical announces submission of Investigational New Drug (IND) application for DSR® 2.0 for treatment of congestive heart failure,"PRESS RELEASE Ghent  Belgium – 03 April 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment...","Sequana Medical NVPRESS RELEASEGhent  Belgium – 03 April 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces that it has submitted an Investigational New Drug (IND) application to the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on 31 March 2023 for its second-generation DSR product (DSR 2.0) for the treatment of congestive heart failure. Clearance of the IND will pave the way for the Company to initiate its randomized controlled Phase 1/2a MOJAVE study in the US  planned for Q2 2023.The IND application includes data from the previously reported GLP animal1 and Phase 1 CHIHUAHUA2 studies supporting the safety and tolerability profile of Sequana Medical’s DSR 2.0 product  as well as the strong safety and efficacy data reported from RED DESERT and SAHARA proof-of-concept studies with its first-generation DSR product (DSR 1.0). Additionally  the application also contains manufacturing information of DSR 2.0 and an outline of the MOJAVE study design.Oliver Gödje  Chief Medical Officer of Sequana Medical  commented: “Today’s announcement is an important milestone for our DSR program. There are an estimated 200 000 US heart failure patients suffering from diuretic-resistant congestion that requires repeated hospitalization at an estimated cost of $14bn a year  and therefore an urgent need for new therapies such as DSR to alleviate this burden and improve patients’ lives. We are very excited to build upon the exciting results from our RED DESERT and SAHARA studies and bring our second generation product  DSR 2.0 into the clinic in the US. We look forward to reporting data from the first US patients later this year.”On track to start M OJAVE with DSR 2.0 in Q2 2023The final study design of the randomized controlled Phase 1/2a MOJAVE study in the US will be communicated upon approval by the FDA and Ethics Committees. Following several initial discussions with the FDA  the intention is to enrol 30 diuretic-resistant chronic heart failure patients with persistent congestion. Of these  20 randomized patients will receive DSR 2.0 administered via a peritoneal catheter on top of usual care for congestive heart failure for up to four weeks and ten randomized patients will receive intravenous loop diuretic treatment as part of maximized usual care for congestive heart failure alone. Following four weeks of treatment  there will be a three-month safety follow-up period. Prior to enrolment of these 30 patients  the intention is for three patients to be enrolled in a non-randomized safety cohort and to receive DSR 2.0 administered via a peritoneal catheter on top of congestive heart failure usual care for up to four weeks. Advancing to the enrolment of the 30 randomized patients is anticipated to be dependent upon DSMB3 approval following their review of the initial three patients.Story continuesFor more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 053579Optimum Strategic CommunicationsNick Bastin  Jonathan Edwards  Vici RabbettsE: Sequana@optimumcomms.comT: +44 (0) 208 078 4357About DSR in congestive heart failureSequana Medical considers its proprietary DSR to be a disease modifying therapy for congestive heart failure. Fluid accumulation in heart failure patients is caused by the retention of too much sodium. The DSR drug-based approach directly tackles this key clinical problem of sodium overload  and works in partnership with the kidneys to safely and rapidly eliminate the excess fluid. Complementary to existing heart failure therapies  clinical proof-of-concept studies using the Company’s first-generation DSR product (DSR 1.0) have shown that DSR can i) safely  effectively and rapidly eliminate fluid overload in heart failure patients  ii) improve the health of the heart and preserve renal function  and iii) restore the ability of the kidney to manage the fluid and sodium naturally  resulting in a large and long-lasting reduction in the need for diuretic drugs. In DSR treated patients  there have been no congestion-related re-hospitalizations during the study follow-up period  all patients improved their NYHA status by at least one class and the clinical benefits observed in the clinical studies resulted in a 75% reduction in predicted one-year mortality of patients pre- vs. post-intensive DSR therapy based on the Seattle Heart Failure Model. The Company plans to begin MOJAVE  a US randomized controlled Phase 1/2a clinical trial in Q2 2023.About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. These patients can have up to 15 liters of extra fluid in their bodies  causing major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficulty breathing and restricted mobility that severely impacts daily life. Although diuretics are standard of care  the problem is that in many patients they are no longer effective and / or tolerable. There are limited effective treatment options for these patients  resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and a major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing “diuretic-resistant” patient population.alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems. The Company has reported positive primary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON trial of the alfapump in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis  enabling the filing of a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application with the FDA  planned for H2 2023. Having delivered clinical proof-of-concept for DSR as a disease-modifying drug program for the treatment of heart failure  the Company is planning to commence MOJAVE  a US randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a clinical trial of DSR 2.0  in Q2 2023.Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Trial) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical trial see www.poseidonstudy.com. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. DSR therapy is currently not approved for clinical research in the United States or Canada. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® and DSR® are registered trademarks.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements.Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.1 Data announced in press release on 8 February 20232 Data announced in press release on 1 March 20233 DSMB: Data Safety Monitoring BoardAttachments",neutral,0.0,0.84,0.16,mixed,0.21,0.1,0.68,True,English,"['Investigational New Drug (IND) application', 'congestive heart failure', 'Sequana Medical', 'submission', 'DSR®', 'treatment', 'US randomized controlled Phase 1/2a clinical trial', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'controlled Phase 1/2a MOJAVE study', 'Investigational New Drug (IND) application', '30 diuretic-resistant chronic heart failure patients', 'congestive heart failure usual care', 'Seattle Heart Failure Model', 'existing heart failure therapies', 'three-month safety follow-up period', 'intravenous loop diuretic treatment', 'The DSR drug-based approach', '200,000 US heart failure patients', 'study follow-up period', 'MOJAVE study design', 'Phase 1 CHIHUAHUA2 studies', 'final study design', 'key clinical problem', 'frequent clinical complication', 'Oliver Gödje', 'several initial discussions', 'Optimum Strategic Communications', 'randomized safety cohort', 'second generation product', 'ten randomized patients', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'major medical issues', 'disease modifying therapy', 'up to 15 liters', 'first US patients', 'initial three patients', 'post-intensive DSR therapy', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'second-generation DSR product', 'first-generation DSR product', 'new therapies', '20 randomized patients', '30 randomized patients', 'Drug Administration', 'diuretic-resistant congestion', 'clinical studies', 'IND application', 'clinical proof', 'clinical benefits', 'diuretic drugs', 'US Food', 'DSR 2.0 product', 'strong safety', 'liver disease', 'The Company', 'patients’ lives', 'concept studies', 'SAHARA studies', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'GLP animal1', 'tolerability profile', 'RED DESERT', 'SAHARA proof', 'important milestone', 'repeated hospitalization', 'exciting results', 'M OJAVE', 'Ethics Committees', 'persistent congestion', 'peritoneal catheter', 'four weeks', 'Nick Bastin', 'Jonathan Edwards', 'Vici Rabbetts', 'renal function', 'congestion-related re-hospitalizations', 'NYHA status', 'one class', 'severe pain', 'restricted mobility', 'daily life', 'fluid overload', 'Fluid accumulation', 'excess fluid', 'extra fluid', 'DSR program', 'proprietary DSR', 'manufacturing information', 'urgent need', 'DSMB3 approval', 'long-lasting reduction', 'one-year mortality', 'efficacy data', 'sodium overload', '30 patients', '75% reduction', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', '03 April', 'pioneer', 'cancer', 'FDA', '31 March', 'Clearance', 'way', 'Q2', 'outline', 'announcement', 'cost', 'burden', 'track', 'intention', 'top', 'part', 'enrolment', 'review', 'Story', 'retention', 'kidneys', 'health', 'large', 'serious', 'bodies', 'increased', 'difficulty', 'breathing', '44']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22069,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/virtual-reality-company-virtualware-start-082300071.html,Virtual Reality company Virtualware to start trading in Euronext Paris on April 20,Unai Extremo and Sergio Barrera  Virtualware's co-founders Virtualware will go public in Euronext Paris on April 20th. BILBAO  Spain and PARIS  April 03...,Unai Extremo and Sergio Barrera  Virtualware's co-foundersVirtualware will go public in Euronext Paris on April 20th.BILBAO  Spain and PARIS  April 03  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- European company Virtualware  one of the European leaders in the Virtual Reality industry  will start trading on Euronext Paris on April 20.The corporation  founded in 2004  will go public in a bell-ringing ceremony to be presided over by the company's two founders  Unai Extremo and Sergio Barrera.The listing will take place in the Access segment and follows a year and a half of preparation.Euronext is the pan-European stock exchange that groups together the stock exchanges of Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels  Oslo  Milan  and Dublin.Virtualware is one of the pioneering corporations in the European Virtual Reality industry. Its team of more than 50 people has developed more than 500 projects in more than 33 countries. It has its headquarters in Bilbao  Spain  and its North American headquarters in Hamilton (Canada).For the last decade and a half  it has been developing immersive solutions oriented to the industrial world  and counts among its clients multinationals and institutions such as GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy  Ontario Power Generation  Petronas  Iberdrola  Alstom  Guardian Glass  Gestamp  Danone  Johnson & Johnson  Biogen  Bayer  ADIF  the Spanish Ministry of Defense  El Retoño Technical University or EAN University  to name a few.Its main product VIROO  the pioneering VR as a Service (VRaaS) platform  is already used by companies on three continents and has been used to develop strategic projects for the defense sector and critical infrastructures.VIROO aims to become the standard for the development of industrial Virtual Reality applications worldwide.Images:Photo of Unai Extremo  CEOhttps://www.virtualwareco.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/DSC0703.jpgPhoto of the VIROO room in operation:https://www.virtualwareco.com/viroo/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Spanish_Military_VR_Simulator_For_Medical_Training_VIROO_1024-1.jpgStory continuesWebsite: https://www.virtualwareco.com/A photo accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/10d81877-e2df-4d5f-8470-ffea7b2f4559CONTACT: Pedrosa IR ir@pedrosa.uk,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.09,0.39,0.51,True,English,"['Virtual Reality company', 'Euronext Paris', 'Virtualware', 'trading', 'April', 'El Retoño Technical University', 'GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy', 'industrial Virtual Reality applications', 'European Virtual Reality industry', 'Ontario Power Generation', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'North American headquarters', 'European company Virtualware', 'EAN University', 'European leaders', 'industrial world', 'stock exchanges', 'Unai Extremo', 'Sergio Barrera', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'bell-ringing ceremony', 'Access segment', 'a half', 'pioneering corporations', 'last decade', 'immersive solutions', 'Spanish Ministry', 'main product', 'pioneering VR', 'VRaaS) platform', 'three continents', 'critical infrastructures', 'Pedrosa IR', 'two founders', 'strategic projects', 'defense sector', 'VIROO room', 'Euronext Paris', '500 projects', 'April', 'BILBAO', 'Spain', 'listing', 'place', 'year', 'preparation', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Oslo', 'Milan', 'Dublin', 'team', '50 people', '33 countries', 'Hamilton', 'Canada', 'clients', 'multinationals', 'institutions', 'Petronas', 'Iberdrola', 'Alstom', 'Guardian', 'Glass', 'Gestamp', 'Danone', 'Johnson', 'Biogen', 'Bayer', 'ADIF', 'Service', 'companies', 'standard', 'development', 'Images', 'Photo', 'CEO', 'virtualwareco', 'uploads', 'operation', 'Spanish_Military_VR_Simulator', 'Medical_Training', 'Story', 'Website', 'announcement', 'globenewswire', 'NewsRoom/AttachmentNg', 'CONTACT']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22070,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/argan-11-growth-rental-income-154500761.html,ARGAN : 11% growth in rental income to €45m in Q1 2023,Quarterly financial information – Monday 3rd April 2023 - 5h45 PM 11% growth in rental incometo €45m in Q1 2023 Rental income (IFRS) at 31 March 2023...,Quarterly financial information – Monday 3rd April 2023 - 5h45 PM11% growth in rental incometo €45m in Q1 2023Rental income (IFRS) at 31 March 2023 (unaudited)M€ Exercise 2023 Exercise 2022 Evolution 1st quarter (January - March) 45 2 40 7 + 11%Rental income of €45.2m in Q1 2023In the first quarter of 2023  ARGAN  the French real estate company specialising in the development and rental of PREMIUM warehouses  recorded rental income of €45.2 million  a strong increase of 11% compared to the same period last year. This strong growth is mainly due to the full year effect of rents generated by developments in 2022  as well as the rent review on 1 January 2023.Significant events of the 1st quarter 2023During the first quarter of 2023  ARGAN continued its development by delivering in March a 38 000 sqm logistics platform located in Janneyrias (38)  near the airport of Lyon  on the front of the A432 motorway and leased to BUT  France's leading furniture retailer  for a fixed term of 9.5 years. This platform is equipped with presence-detecting LED lighting and a photovoltaic plant for self-consumption.In March  ARGAN also sold a 20 000 m² logistics platform located in Bonneuil (94).Finally  ARGAN joined the EPRA Europe index on 20 March 2023.A development pipeline of over €300m for 2023 and 2024ARGAN plans to deliver four new developments and one extension in 2023  representing an investment volume of €135 million for 100 000 sqm. All of these developments are already financed by amortising mortgages  which were taken out in 2022 before interest rates rose.For 2024  ARGAN has already secured a development volume of €175 million for 155 000 sqm.Half of this development is already financed by amortising mortgages  the other half will be financed by the sale of some warehouses at the end of 2024 or beginning of 2025  depending on market trends.A 2% cost of debtThe debt of ARGAN is composed of 32% fixed rate bonds  27% fixed rate amortising loans  33% hedged variable rate amortising loans and 8% variable rate amortising loans. The average cost of debt is 2% at 31 March 2023  taking into account a 3-month Euribor of 3%.Story continuesNo need for refinancing by 2026Our mortgage debt (68% of our debt at the end of 2022) has the advantage of amortising each year and does not require refinancing on the markets. Only our bond debt issued in 2021 will need to be refinanced in 2026. Planned in July 2023  the repayment of our €130m bond issued in 2017 is already provisioned without refinancing.Financial calendar 2023 (Press release to be issued after the stock exchange)3 rd July : Turnover for the 2 nd quarter 202319 th July : Half-yearly results 20232nd October : Turnover for the 3rd quarter 2023About ArganARGAN is the only French real estate company specialized in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT. As of 31st December 2022  ARGAN’s portfolio amounted to 3.5 million s qm  comprising approximately 100 warehouses located exclusively in France  valued at €4.0 billion. ARGAN is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the CAC All-Share  IEIF SIIC France and EPRA Europ indices. The company opted for the listed real estate investment companies (SIICs) tax regime since 1st July 2007.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli - CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretaryPhone : +33 1 47 47 05 46E-mail : contact@argan.frwww.argan.frAude Vayre – Press RelationsPhone : + 33 6 14 64 15 65E-mail : argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.14,0.84,True,English,"['rental income', 'ARGAN', '11% growth', 'Q1', 'French real estate company', 'real estate investment companies', 'variable rate amortising loans', '27% fixed rate amortising loans', '32% fixed rate bonds', 'full year effect', 'leading furniture retailer', 'presence-detecting LED lighting', 'EPRA Europe index', '3.5 million s qm', 'EPRA Europ indices', 'SIICs) tax regime', 'Aymar de Germay', 'Quarterly financial information', 'Monday 3rd April', '20,000 m² logistics platform', 'four new developments', 'IEIF SIIC France', 'Evolution 1st quarter', '38,000 sqm logistics platform', 'fixed term', 'investment volume', '3rd quarter', 'Financial calendar', 'first quarter', '2 nd quarter', '1st July', 'strong increase', 'same period', 'rent review', 'Significant events', 'A432 motorway', 'photovoltaic plant', 'one extension', 'interest rates', 'market trends', 'A 2% cost', 'average cost', '3-month Euribor', '€130m bond', 'Press release', 'stock exchange', 'Half-yearly results', '2nd October', '31st December', 'Compartment A', 'CAC All-Share', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'General Secretary', 'Aude Vayre', 'Press Relations', '3 rd July', '19 th July', 'rental income', 'PREMIUM warehouses', 'strong growth', 'other half', 'Euronext Paris', 'development pipeline', 'development volume', 'mortgage debt', 'bond debt', '100,000 sqm', '155,000 sqm', '11% growth', '100 warehouses', '5h45', 'Q1', 'IFRS', '31 March', '€ Exercise', 'January', 'ARGAN', 'rents', 'Janneyrias', 'airport', 'Lyon', 'front', 'BUT', '9.5 years', 'self-consumption', 'Bonneuil', '20 March', 'mortgages', 'sale', 'account', 'Story', 'need', 'refinancing', 'advantage', 'markets', 'repayment', 'Turnover', 'portfolio', 'CFO', 'Phone', 'mail', 'Attachment', '2022']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22071,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fnac-darty-information-total-number-154500383.html,Fnac Darty: Information on the total number of voting rights and shares March 31  2023,Ivry  April 3rd  2023 Regulated information INFORMATION ON THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES Statement in compliance with article L. 233-8 II of...,Fnac DartyIvry  April 3rd  2023Regulated informationINFORMATION ON THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESStatement in compliance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial code and article 223- 16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF – Autorité des marchés financiers)Stock Market Euronext ParisISIN Code FR0011476928DateTotal number of shares composing the share capital of the company Total number of gross voting rightsTotal number of net voting rights (*) 31/03/2023 26 871 853 26 871 853 26 702 637(*) Net = After deduction of the shares deprived of voting rightIn accordance with Article 9 of the Company's Articles of Association  any physical or legal person  acting alone or in concert  who comes to hold  or ceases to hold  directly or indirectly  a percentage of the company's capital or voting rights equal to or greater than 3% or any multiple of 1% above 3%  is required to inform the company by registered letter with return receipt requested within the time limit provided for in Article R. 233-1 of the French Commercial Code (i.e.  as of today  at the latest before the close of trading on the fourth trading day following the day on which the shareholding threshold is crossed).Under the terms of the twentieth resolution of the General Meeting of 29 May 2015  it was decided not to grant any double voting rights as instituted by law 2014-384 of 29 March 2014.CONTACTANALYSTS /INVESTORS investisseurs@fnacdarty.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['Fnac Darty', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', 'Stock Market Euronext Paris', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'des marchés financiers', 'French commercial code', 'gross voting rights', 'double voting rights', 'net voting rights', 'fourth trading day', 'ISIN Code', 'Fnac Darty', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'General Regulation', 'legal person', 'return receipt', 'time limit', 'shareholding threshold', 'twentieth resolution', 'General Meeting', 'INVESTORS investisseurs', 'Regulated information', 'article L.', 'share capital', 'Article R.', '29 March', 'Ivry', 'April', 'THE', 'SHARES', 'Statement', 'compliance', 'AMF', 'Date', 'company', 'deduction', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'physical', 'concert', 'percentage', 'letter', 'today', 'close', 'terms', '29 May', 'law', 'CONTACT', 'ANALYSTS', 'Attachment']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22072,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-completes-sale-engineering-materials-051500550.html,DSM completes sale of Engineering Materials business,Royal DSM  a global purpose-led science-based company  today announces the completion of the sale of its Engineering Materials business to Advent...,HEERLEN  Netherlands  April 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal DSM  a global purpose-led science-based company  today announces the completion of the sale of its Engineering Materials business to Advent International and LANXESS for an Enterprise Value of €3.85 billion. The agreement was initially announced on 31 May 2022.DSM Logo.The transaction covers all of DSM's Engineering Materials activities and marks the conclusion of DSM's divestment of its Materials businesses in order to focus on Health and Nutrition. DSM anticipates a book profit on the sale of Engineering Materials of around €2.7 billion. DSM will receive approximately €3.5 billion net in cash.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Story continuesLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm-completes-sale-of-engineering-materials-business-301787973.html,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.2,0.5,True,English,"['Engineering Materials business', 'DSM', 'sale', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'global purpose-led science-based company', 'global, purpose-led company', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'Engineering Materials business', 'Engineering Materials activities', 'Materials businesses', 'actual performance', 'Advent International', 'Enterprise Value', 'book profit', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'original content', 'Royal DSM', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'DSM Logo', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'completion', 'sale', 'LANXESS', 'agreement', '31 May', 'transaction', 'conclusion', 'divestment', 'order', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'cash', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'respect', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'law', 'Story', 'Cision', 'news-releases', 'engineering-materials-business']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22073,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fl-entertainment-weekly-share-transactions-171500577.html,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions,Press Release Paris – 3 April 2023 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its...,FL EntertainmentPress ReleaseParis – 3 April 2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 27 March to 31 March 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 30 June 2022.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-03-29 SELL 650 9.081538 5 903.00 XAMS 2023-03-30 SELL 70 9.185714 643.00 XAMS 2023-03-31 SELL 556 9.337734 5 191.78 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaQ1 2023 results: 30 May 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gaming  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2022  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and Adjusted EBITDA  of €4 047m and €670m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,positive,0.58,0.41,0.01,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Q1 2023 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', '3 April', 'shares', '27 March', '31 March', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '30 June', 'Number', 'SELL', 'XAMS', 'company', 'website', 'flentertainment', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '30 May', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'gaming', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'EBITDA', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22074,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-obtains-remaining-licences-required-050000663.html,VEON obtains remaining licences required to amend its 2023 Notes and extend their maturities,VEON Ltd. and VEON Holdings B.V. VEON obtains remaining licences required to amend its 2023 Notes and extend their maturities Amsterdam  Netherlands  3 April...,VEON Ltd.VEON Ltd. and VEON Holdings B.V.VEON obtains remaining licences required to amend its 2023 Notes and extend their maturitiesAmsterdam  Netherlands  3 April 2023 07:00 CEST: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  and its subsidiary  VEON Holdings B.V. (the “Company”)  are pleased to announce that they have now received the remaining licences and regulatory confirmations required to implement the amendments to its 2023 Notes from UK  Dutch and Bermuda authorities.In addition to the OFAC Licence received on 23 December 2022  the OFSI Licence was received on 23 February 2023  a confirmation was received on 9 March 2023 from the Netherlands Ministry of Finance that a licence or authorisation is not required in connection with implementation of the amendments to the 2023 Notes  and a licence was received from the Bermudan Sanctions Authority on 31 March 2023. The Company is satisfied that it has now received all authorisations and/or licences necessary to implement the amendments to the 2023 Notes as set out in the Scheme.VEON Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu commented: “We welcome the receipt of these licences for implementation of the amendments under the Scheme  which allow for the extension of the maturities of our 2023 notes  among other measures. We believe that the amendments are in the best interest of all stakeholders  providing our Group with additional time to conclude the sale of our Russian business and to mitigate the risk of double payments of principal.”The Company will announce under separate notices the anticipated process and timeline for the implementation of the Amendments and the Put Right.Capitalised terms used but not defined in this announcement have the meaning given to them in the Explanatory Statement issued by the Company on 21 December 2022  as amended on 11 January 2023  which is available on the Scheme Website at https://deals.is.kroll.com/veon .Story continuesAbout VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .Important NoticeThis release is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute a prospectus or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction  nor shall there be any offer of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under applicable securities laws.This press release is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.This communication or information contained herein is not an offer  or an invitation to make offers  to sell  exchange or otherwise transfer securities in the Russian Federation to or for the benefit of any Russian person or entity and does not constitute an advertisement or offering of securities in the Russian Federation within the meaning of Russian securities laws.Elements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 with respect to VEON Holdings B.V.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON disclaims any obligation to update them or to announce publicly any revision to any of the forward-looking statements contained in this release  or to make corrections to reflect future events or developments  other than as set forth above or as required by U.S. securities regulations.Any steps taken in respect of the Scheme and in connection with the Amendments and the Put Right must be in compliance with all applicable sanctions laws and regulations  including the sanctions laws and regulations administered by the European Union  the United Kingdom and the United States  and including securing any necessary licences and approvals from competent sanctions authorities.Contact InformationVEONGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawbonds@veon.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.16,0.43,True,English,"['remaining licences', 'VEON', '2023 Notes', 'maturities', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'VEON Group Director Investor Relations', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'VEON Holdings B.V.', 'U.S. securities regulations', 'global digital operator', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'Nik Kershaw bonds', 'Bermudan Sanctions Authority', 'applicable sanctions laws', 'applicable securities laws', 'competent sanctions authorities', 'VEON Group CEO', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Russian securities laws', 'Bermuda authorities', 'Russian business', 'Russian Federation', 'Russian person', 'VEON Ltd', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'regulatory confirmations', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'other measures', 'best interest', 'additional time', 'double payments', 'separate notices', 'Put Right', 'Capitalised terms', 'Explanatory Statement', '200 million customers', 'economic growth', 'Important Notice', 'United States', 'forward-looking statements', 'historical facts', 'future events', 'European Union', 'United Kingdom', 'remaining licences', 'necessary licences', 'OFAC Licence', 'OFSI Licence', 'Netherlands Ministry', 'informational purposes', 'other jurisdiction', 'inside information', 'Contact Information', 'press release', 'Scheme Website', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '2023 Notes', 'maturities', 'April', 'NASDAQ', 'subsidiary', 'Company', 'amendments', 'UK', 'Dutch', '23 December', '23 February', '9 March', 'Finance', 'authorisation', 'connection', 'implementation', '31 March', 'receipt', 'extension', 'stakeholders', 'sale', 'risk', 'principal', 'process', 'timeline', 'announcement', 'meaning', '21 December', '11 January', 'Story', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'prospectus', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'qualification', 'communication', 'invitation', 'benefit', 'entity', 'advertisement', 'Elements', 'respect', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'obligation', 'revision', 'corrections', 'developments', 'steps', 'compliance', 'approvals', '07']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22075,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/atos-completes-sale-italian-operations-063000252.html,Atos completes the sale of its Italian Operations,Press Release Atos completes the sale of its Italian Operations Atos delivering on divestment planca. 80% of €700m total expected proceeds already secured or...,Atos InternationalPress ReleaseAtos completes the sale of its Italian OperationsAtos delivering on divestment planca. 80% of €700m total expected proceeds already secured or closedParis  France – April 3  2023 - Atos today announces that it has completed the sale of its Italian operations (“Atos Italia”) to Lutech S.p.A.  an Italian provider of IT services and solutions  on March 31  with a 100% cash consideration. The Group previously announced that it entered into exclusive negotiations on November 16  2022.The completion of this transaction is a new milestone in the successful execution of Atos’ divestment plan. Since June 2022  Atos has closed four transactions and signed another one thus securing c.80% of the plan’s €700 million expected proceeds and demonstrating the Group’s ability to execute at pace.The transaction perimeter represented c. 2% of total Group revenue in 2022 and does not include the Italian EuroHPC business which will be kept within Atos  nor the Unified Communications & Collaboration's Italian operations  part of a separate divestment project. Subsequently to the transaction  Atos Italia changes its name and brand to become Lutech Advanced Solutions S.p.A  while remaining a key partner of the Atos Group.***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 111 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Story continuesContactsPress contact: Martin Bovo | martin.bovo@atos.net | +33 6 14 46 79 94Investors: Thomas Guillois | thomas.guillois@atos.net | +33 6 21 34 36 62Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.69,0.25,0.07,True,English,"['Italian Operations', 'Atos', 'sale', 'Lutech Advanced Solutions S.p.A', 'Lutech S.p.A.', 'separate divestment project', 'Italian EuroHPC business', '€700 million expected proceeds', 'secure information space', 'total Group revenue', 'Atos’ divestment plan', 'end solutions', '€700m total', 'annual revenue', 'Italian Operations', 'Italian provider', 'Press Release', '100% cash consideration', 'exclusive negotiations', 'new milestone', 'successful execution', 'four transactions', 'Unified Communications', 'key partner', 'global leader', 'digital transformation', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Press contact', 'IT services', 'The Group', 'decarbonization services', 'Euronext Paris', 'Thomas Guillois', 'Atos International', 'Atos Italia', 'transaction perimeter', 'Atos Group', 'Martin Bovo', 'sale', 'France', 'April', 'March', 'November', 'completion', 'June', 'ability', 'Collaboration', 'name', 'brand', '111,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Story', 'Contacts', 'Investors', 'Attachment']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22076,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-estimated-nav-160000972.html,BGHL (GBP): Estimated NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for ...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/03/2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6434 £ 23.5190 Estimated MTD return -2.35 % -2.23 % Estimated YTD return -4.05 % -3.71 % Estimated ITD return 166.43 % 135.19 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['Estimated NAV', 'BGHL', 'GBP', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'US persons', 'The Shares', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'The Directors', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'NAV', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22077,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-estimated-nav-160000765.html,BGHL (EUR): Estimated NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for ...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/03/2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6434 £ 23.5190 Estimated MTD return -2.35 % -2.23 % Estimated YTD return -4.05 % -3.71 % Estimated ITD return 166.43 % 135.19 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['Estimated NAV', 'BGHL', 'EUR', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'The Directors', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'NAV', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22078,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-delivery-shares-193000995.html,DSM - delivery of shares,Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital ...,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  April 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.DSM Logo.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 3 April 2023  delivered 8 857 ordinary shares to employees in view of (i) settling the vesting of 8 587 share units that have been granted subject to the respective DSM Incentive Plan and (ii) settling the exercise of 270 stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €92.22). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 348 965. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0051%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Story continuesOr find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301788750.html,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.17,0.53,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', '8,857 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Royal DSM', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'original content', 'press release', 'general release', 'DSM Logo', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'PRNewswire', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'Story', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Cision', 'news-releases']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22079,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/technicolor-creative-studios-progressing-towards-060000515.html,Technicolor Creative Studios: Progressing towards delivering its recovery plan,CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE Technicolor Creative Studios Progressing towards delivering its recovery plan PARIS (FRANCE)  April 3  2023 – Technicolor Creative...,"Technicolor Creative StudiosCORPORATE PRESS RELEASETechnicolor Creative StudiosProgressing towards delivering its recovery planPARIS (FRANCE)  April 3  2023 – Technicolor Creative Studios (Euronext Paris: TCHCS) (the “Company”) announces today an update of the implementation of its refinancing.New chapter of Technicolor Creative Studios ’ Refinancing : E xecution on March 27  2023  of a conciliation protocol by its lenders and main shareholders F irst tranche r efinancing drawdown early April in aggregate principal amount of €8 5  000   000 and second tranche in aggregate principal amount of €85 000 000 expected by the end of Q2 2023 A pproval by a judgment of the Commercial Court of Paris dated March 29  2023   which puts an end to the conciliation procedure opened on January 20  2023Caroline Parot  Chief Executive Officer of Technicolor Creative Studios  said: “Reaching an agreement on the refinancing of Technicolor Creative Studios has been pivotal in establishing the foundations of our long-term growth. I am delighted that the process is progressing well with the execution of a conciliation protocol in line with the established schedule. We are extremely grateful for the confidence and support of our key creditors and shareholders  as we strive to achieve Technicolor Creative Studios’ full value potential. I would also like to thank all the teams for the great work they have done so far and are preparing to do throughout the year. Their talent  creativity  and dedication are the reasons why our Company is trusted by so many in the industry.”A NEW CHAPTER FOR REBOUND WITH THE EXECUTION OF THE CONCILIATION PROTOCOLFollowing the agreement in principle reached on March 8  2023  Technicolor Creative Studios is pleased to announce (i) the execution on March 27  2023 of a conciliation protocol (the “Conciliation Protocol”) by its lenders and shareholders showing their support in the rebound of the Company and (ii) its approval by a judgment of the Commercial Court of Paris dated March 29  2023 which puts an end to the conciliation procedure opened on January 20  2023.Story continuesIn accordance with the terms of the agreement in principle dated March 8  2023  the Conciliation Protocol provides that the refinancing will include (i) a new money financing in aggregate principal amount  net of original issue discount and underwriting fee  equal to c.€170 million and (ii) the reinstatement of the existing indebtedness (the “Refinancing”).The implementation of the Refinancing pursuant to the terms of the Conciliation Protocol is detailed hereafter1.A first tranche r efinancing drawdown early April in aggregate principal amount of €8 5  000   000 through : the issuance of bonds notes i n a principal amount equal to thirty million euros (€30 000 000) subscribed by its major shareholders: Angelo Gordon  Bpifrance Participations  Briarwood and Barclays (the “ Equity First Tranche Participants ”). This bond issue (the “ Equity First Tranche Refinancing ”) will be refinanced by way of set off with the subscription price of the Convertible Notes issue (described below) 2 ; a first tranche super senior credit facility granted by the main lenders (the “ New Money Lenders ”) for an amount of approximately fifty million euros (€50 000 000) plus approximately five million dollars ($5 000 000) (in each case net of original issue discount (OID) and underwriting fee).A second tranche of the r efinancing for an aggregate principal amount of €85   000   000 will be granted by the end of the second quarter of 2023:a second tranche of super senior credit facility 3 (in addition to the first tranche credit facility described above) fully underwritten by New Money Lenders for an amount of approximately fifty million euros (€50 000 000) plus approximately five millions dollars ($5 000 000) (in each case net of OID) will be drawn by the end of the second quarter of 2023  concurrently with the issue of the Convertible Notes. Share warrants entitling to 11% of the PF Fully Diluted Share Capital (as such term is defined hereafter) will be granted to the New Money Lenders in proportion to their exposure to the New Money Facility 4 . the issuance of convertible bonds (the "" Convertible Notes "") for sixty million euros (€60 000 000) (net of OID)  by way of issuances reserved to the Equity First Tranche Participants and Vantiva. The Convertibles Notes will be subscribed in part up to €30 000 000 by way of set off of the Equity First Tranche Refinancing described above. Conversion of 100% of the Convertible Notes 5 will give holders of those notes an aggregate amount of 33% of the share capital of the Company on a fully diluted basis pro forma for: (i) such conversion and (ii) the issuance of certain warrants to be granted to New Money Lenders and existing senior secured lenders of the Company  in each case  as described in this announcement 6 .Existing indebtedness would be reinstated and capitalized as follows:the multicurrency Revolving Credit Facility would be reinstated for its total amount of €40 million (the “ RCF ”); the c.€621 million first lien facility (the “ First Lien Facility ”) would be reinstated for a total amount of approximatively c.€421 million; a portion in principal of the First Lien facility will be converted into a subordinated instrument stapled with the reinstated First Lien Facility for a total amount of c.€170 million; a debt to equity will be carried out through capital increases reserved to the benefit of the First Lien Facility lenders 7   to be subscribed by way of set-off of receivables including a portion in principal of the First Lien facility of €30 million 8 .The implementation of the Refinancing9 will be subject to approval by the general meeting (expected to be held during the second quarter of 2023) and to the visa of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under applicable regulation.The impact of these transactions on the Company's share capital is described in Appendix I.Evolution of the governance of the CompanyThe Conciliation Protocol provides that the governance of the Company will be set up as follow:The Board of Directors would in principle be composed of at least five independent directors  up to four of them may be proposed by the major shareholders;A reorganization of the special committees of the Board of Directors including the creation of a new Strategy Committee;New observers may be appointed upon proposal of the major shareholders.Other undertakings under the Conciliation ProtocolIn order to fully support the Company until the implementation of the Refinancing and thereafter  shareholders agreed not to transfer their Company securities until completion of the Refinancing and in addition to this undertaking the main lenders  in their capacity as shareholders  have undertaken not to transfer their shares in the Company and for a period of 12 months (subject to standard exceptions and a respiration right up to 15% of their initial shareholding in the six months following the implementation of the Restructuring and an additional 35% in the following six months). The Company will also benefit from a right of first offer in the event of a sale of shares by its main shareholders to competitors. The Company will undertake a strategic review over the next 24 months to explore options to maximize value for all stakeholders. The Company will also consider its options for a possible delisting from Euronext Paris in the short term.The implementation of the Restructuring will be subject to certain conditions precedent which include the following key pointsthe usual regulatory approvals that may be required.the approval of the required resolutions by the general meeting which is expected to be held in the second quarter of 2023.the satisfaction of the conditions precedent provided in the financing documentation.***WARNING / FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain statements that constitute ""forward-looking statements""  including but not limited to statements that are predictions of or indicate future events  trends  plans or objectives  based on certain assumptions or which do not directly relate to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed  forecasted  or implied by such forward-looking statements.Investors’ attention is drawn to the risk factors relating to Technicolor Creative Studios described in Chapter 3 of the prospectus prepare in connection with the admission of TCS shares to trading on the regulated market of Euronext  approved by the AMF on August 1  2022 under number 22-331 which is available free of charge and upon request at the company’s registered office  8-10 rue du Renard  75004 Paris  France  or on the websites of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org)  and Technicolor Creative Studios (https://www.technicolorcreative.com/investors/.This press release does not contain or constitute an offer of securities for sale or an invitation to invest in securities in France  the United States or any other jurisdiction.***ABOUT TECHNICOLOR CREATIVE STUDIOSTechnicolor Creative Studios shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCHCS)Technicolor Creative Studios is a creative technology company providing world-class production expertise driven by one purpose: The realization of ambitious and extraordinary ideas. Home to a network of award-winning studios  MPC  The Mill  Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games  we inspire creative companies across the world to produce their most iconic work.Our global teams of artists and technologists partner with the creative community across film  television  animation  gaming  brand experience and advertising to bring the universal art of storytelling to audiences everywhere.www.technicolorcreative.com***Investor Relations Contact:investor.relations@technicolor.comCorporate press:Image 7: Technicolorcreative@image7.frAPPENDIX I – ILLUSTRATIVE PRO-FORMA EQUITY OWNERSHIPThe transactions would have the following impacts on the share capital:Pro Forma shareholding Current At the Closing Date Post conversion of 100% of the Convertible Notes  being the PF Fully Diluted Share Capital Existing shareholders 100.0% 17.91% 12.0% Existing First Lien Facility Lenders 65.67% 44.0% New Money providers 16.42% 44.0% o/w New Money Credit Facility 16.42% 11.0% o/w Convertible Notes 33.0% Total shareholding 100.0% 100.0% 100.0%Appendix II – Indicative Terms & Conditions of instruments and reinstated debt under the Conciliation ProtocolConvertible Notes New Money Credit Facility Amount €60 million net of original issue discount€110 million net of original issue discount and Underwriting feeFully underwritten by certain Lenders Investors BPI : c. €4 7 millionBarclays : c. €200 000Briarwood : : c. €5 9 millionVantiva : c. €10 million (with a right to purchase up to €10 million by way of acquisition on the secondary market of Convertible Notes held by Angelo Gordon within 6 months from the subscription date of the Convertible Notes)Angelo Gordon : c. €39 2 million Certain of the First Lien Facility lenders Drawing Convertible Notes and Lender New Money to be drawn pro rata.First drawdown : €85m in aggregate within 5 Euronext trade days from homologation of the Conciliation Protocol (“First Drawdown”) expected by end of March / beginning of April 2023Second drawdown: €85m in aggregate expected in June 2023 (“Second Drawdown”). Maturity 31 July 2026 / bullet repayment at par in cash if not converted in equity 31 July 2026 / bullet repayment at par in cash Non-call N/A Non-Call 210; 103 for the following 12 months11 then repayment at par Interest Cash coupon: 0.75% EUR Tranche :Until June 2024Cash: Euribor (0% floor) + 0.5%PIK: 11.5% (subject to PIK toggle to cash if the last 12 months EBITDAal is equal to or greater than €110 000 000) ThereafterCash: Euribor (0% floor) + 2.0%PIK: 10.0% (subject to PIK toggle to cash if if the last 12 months EBITDAal is equal to or greater than €110 000 000)USD Tranche :Until June 2024Cash: Term SOFR (0% floor) + 0.5%PIK: 11.5% (subject to PIK toggle to cash if the last 12 months EBITDAal is equal to or greater than €110 000 000) Thereafter Cash: Term SOFR (0% floor) + 2.0%PIK: 10.0% (subject to PIK toggle to cash if the last 12 months EBITDAal is equal to or greater than €110 000 000) Original issue Discount 4.0% 5.0% Commitment Fee N/A 1.5% Commitment Fee on undrawn amount during the availability period Underwriting Fee N/A 3.5% Underwriting fee on the initial committed amount of the New Money Credit Facility Conversion of Convertible Notes 33% of the PF Fully Diluted Share CapitalAutomatic conversion into equity if EV is equal to or exceeds €1.2bn or EBITDAal exceeds €150 000 000.Voluntary conversion (in full or in part) upon each participating shareholders’ election at all times N/A Warrants N/A 11% of the PF Fully Diluted Share Capital Ranking Super senior (on a pari passu basis with the Reinstated Super Senior RCF) from date of the First Drawdown (security package plus intercreditor agreement) Security Security granted on First Drawdown (benefits all New Money amounts): first lien security on sufficient assets including a fiducie-sûreté over the shares of Mikros Images SAS (and golden share).Full security package (benefits all New Money amounts) to be put in place by Second Drawdown: first lien security on the shares of Tech 6 by way of fiducie-sûreté (and golden share) as well as first lien security on the other assets of the group (as per the security package for the existing debt).Reinstated RCF Reinstated First Lien Facility Amount €40 million c.€421 million12EUR tranche: €382 million13USD tranche: c.€39 million14 (EUR-equivalent) with right for to convert to EUR tranche Currency Euro  US Dollar  GBP or Canadian Dollars Euro for the EUR trancheUSD for the USDA tranche Ranking & Security Pari passu on the New Money security Second Lien on New Money security Maturity 31 July 2026 September 2026 / bullet repayment InterestCash: Euribor (0% floor) or Term SOFR (0% floor) or CDOR 0% floor) or SONIA 0% floor) + 2.0% cash PIK: 3.5% (subject to PIK toggle to cash if the last 12 months EBITDAal is equal to or greater than €110 000 000) EUR Tranche :Until June 2024Cash: Euribor (0% floor) + 0.5%PIK: 5.5% (subject to PIK toggle to cash if the last 12 months EBITDAal is equal to or greater than €140 000 000) ThereafterCash: Euribor (0% floor) + 2.0%PIK: 4.0% (subject to PIK toggle to cash if the last 12 months EBITDAal is equal to or greater than €140 000 000)USD Tranche :Until June 2024Cash: Term SOFR (0% floor) + 0.5%PIK:7.0% (subject to PIK toggle to cash if the last 12 months EBITDAal is equal to or greater than €140 000 000) Thereafter Cash: Term SOFR (0% floor) + 2.0%PIK: 5.5% (subject to PIK toggle to cash if the last 12 months EBITDAal is equal to or greater than €140 000 000)New Subordinated Instrument Amount €170 million Participants First Lien Facility lenders pro rata to their holdings in the First Lien Facility Use of proceeds To repay a portion of the First Lien Facility at par Security None Maturity / Amortisation Bullet repaymentInitial 10-year maturity  with unlimited extension option by successive 2-year periods at the option of the Company Interest PIK: 0.5% Stapling Stapled to the Reinstated First Lien Facility Ranking Contractual subordination to New Money (being any Convertible Notes not converted into equity and New Money Credit Facility) and Reinstated Debt. Senior to equity (including equity arising from conversion of Convertible Notes).1 The amounts set out below are net of Initial Issue Discount and underwriting fees.2 These €30 million bonds notes have the following features: 31 July 2023 maturity  cash coupon interest of 0.75%  redemption (including early redemption and redemption at maturity) premium of €1 25 million in case of absence of refinancing through the Convertible Notes  super senior ranking (on a pari passu basis with the first tranche super senior credit facility and the reinstated super senior RCF) from date of the drawdown early April.3 The first tranche super senior credit facility and the second tranche of super senior credit facility are together being referred to as the “New Money Credit Facility”.4 The strike of those warrants is expected to be 0.01€ per TCS share after a share capital reduction by way of reduction of the nominal value of each TCS share which will be proposed to the general meeting as part of the operations.5 Such conversion may occur on a voluntary basis at any time or on a mandatory basis  with mandatory conversionoccurring if the enterprise value of the Company exceeds €1.2 billion or the EBITDAal exceeds €150 000 000  ineach case  based on valuation methodology and mechanics to be agreed.6 The “PF Fully Diluted Share Capital”.7 Upon completion of the debt to equity  the First Lien Facility lenders will hold 65.67% of the Company’s share capital (44%of the PF Fully Diluted Share Capital) as set forth in Appendix I.8 The Company has been informed that the valuation work requested by the President of the Commercial Court as part of the conciliation proceedings from Ledouble  acting as independent valuator  concluded that the enterprise value of the Company is set between € 510 and 600 million.9 Excluding the Equity First Tranche Refinancing.10 Non-Call 2 means that during the first two years after the first drawdown  in case of early redemption  TCS would have to pay an indemnity equal to the total amount of interest which would have accrued on the amount which is prepaid from the early redemption date until the expiry date of the two-year period following the First Drawdown.11 « 103 for the following 12 months » means that in case of early redemption in the course of the third year  TCS would have to pay an indemnity equal to 3% of the relevant amount being prepaid.12 As from the second drawdown of the New Money Credit Facility and the issue of the Convertible Notes.13 As from the second drawdown of the New Money Credit Facility and the issue of the Convertible Notes.14 As from the second drawdown of the New Money Credit Facility and the issue of the Convertible Notes.Attachment",neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,positive,0.88,0.1,0.02,True,English,"['Technicolor Creative Studios', 'recovery plan', 'F irst tranche r efinancing drawdown', 'first tranche super senior credit facility', 'PF Fully Diluted Share Capital', 'multicurrency Revolving Credit Facility', 'first tranche credit facility', 'Equity First Tranche Participants', 'existing senior secured lenders', 'Equity First Tranche Refinancing', 'Technicolor Creative Studios ’ Refinancing', 'New Money Facility', 'CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'full value potential', 'thirty million euros', 'fifty million euros', 'sixty million euros', 'new money financing', 'original issue discount', 'New Money Lenders', 'aggregate principal amount', 'The Convertibles Notes', 'Convertible Notes issue', 'second tranche', 'diluted basis', 'aggregate amount', 'five million', 'New chapter', 'existing indebtedness', 'main lenders', 'Share warrants', 'bond issue', 'total amount', 'convertible bonds', 'bonds notes', 'recovery plan', 'E xecution', 'conciliation protocol', 'Commercial Court', 'conciliation procedure', 'Caroline Parot', 'long-term growth', 'key creditors', 'great work', 'underwriting fee', 'Angelo Gordon', 'Bpifrance Participations', 'subscription price', 'second quarter', 'pro forma', 'main shareholders', 'major shareholders', 'Euronext Paris', 'April', 'TCHCS', 'Company', 'update', 'implementation', 'March', 'Q2', 'pproval', 'judgment', 'January', 'agreement', 'foundations', 'process', 'execution', 'schedule', 'confidence', 'support', 'teams', 'year', 'talent', 'creativity', 'dedication', 'reasons', 'industry', 'REBOUND', 'principle', 'Story', 'accordance', 'terms', 'reinstatement', 'issuance', 'Briarwood', 'Barclays', 'way', 'case', 'net', 'OID', 'addition', 'proportion', 'exposure', 'Vantiva', 'Conversion', 'announcement']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22080,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/03/2639197/0/en/Sequana-Medical-announces-submission-of-Investigational-New-Drug-IND-application-for-DSR-2-0-for-treatment-of-congestive-heart-failure.html,Sequana Medical announces submission of Investigational New Drug (IND) application for DSR® 2.0 for treatment of congestive heart failure,"PRESS RELEASE    Ghent  Belgium – 03 April 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the......","PRESS RELEASEGhent  Belgium – 03 April 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces that it has submitted an Investigational New Drug (IND) application to the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on 31 March 2023 for its second-generation DSR product (DSR 2.0) for the treatment of congestive heart failure. Clearance of the IND will pave the way for the Company to initiate its randomized controlled Phase 1/2a MOJAVE study in the US  planned for Q2 2023.The IND application includes data from the previously reported GLP animal1 and Phase 1 CHIHUAHUA2 studies supporting the safety and tolerability profile of Sequana Medical’s DSR 2.0 product  as well as the strong safety and efficacy data reported from RED DESERT and SAHARA proof-of-concept studies with its first-generation DSR product (DSR 1.0). Additionally  the application also contains manufacturing information of DSR 2.0 and an outline of the MOJAVE study design.Oliver Gödje  Chief Medical Officer of Sequana Medical  commented: “Today’s announcement is an important milestone for our DSR program. There are an estimated 200 000 US heart failure patients suffering from diuretic-resistant congestion that requires repeated hospitalization at an estimated cost of $14bn a year  and therefore an urgent need for new therapies such as DSR to alleviate this burden and improve patients’ lives. We are very excited to build upon the exciting results from our RED DESERT and SAHARA studies and bring our second generation product  DSR 2.0 into the clinic in the US. We look forward to reporting data from the first US patients later this year.”On track to start M OJAVE with DSR 2.0 in Q2 2023The final study design of the randomized controlled Phase 1/2a MOJAVE study in the US will be communicated upon approval by the FDA and Ethics Committees. Following several initial discussions with the FDA  the intention is to enrol 30 diuretic-resistant chronic heart failure patients with persistent congestion. Of these  20 randomized patients will receive DSR 2.0 administered via a peritoneal catheter on top of usual care for congestive heart failure for up to four weeks and ten randomized patients will receive intravenous loop diuretic treatment as part of maximized usual care for congestive heart failure alone. Following four weeks of treatment  there will be a three-month safety follow-up period. Prior to enrolment of these 30 patients  the intention is for three patients to be enrolled in a non-randomized safety cohort and to receive DSR 2.0 administered via a peritoneal catheter on top of congestive heart failure usual care for up to four weeks. Advancing to the enrolment of the 30 randomized patients is anticipated to be dependent upon DSMB3 approval following their review of the initial three patients.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 053579Optimum Strategic CommunicationsNick Bastin  Jonathan Edwards  Vici RabbettsE: Sequana@optimumcomms.comT: +44 (0) 208 078 4357About DSR in congestive heart failureSequana Medical considers its proprietary DSR to be a disease modifying therapy for congestive heart failure. Fluid accumulation in heart failure patients is caused by the retention of too much sodium. The DSR drug-based approach directly tackles this key clinical problem of sodium overload  and works in partnership with the kidneys to safely and rapidly eliminate the excess fluid. Complementary to existing heart failure therapies  clinical proof-of-concept studies using the Company’s first-generation DSR product (DSR 1.0) have shown that DSR can i) safely  effectively and rapidly eliminate fluid overload in heart failure patients  ii) improve the health of the heart and preserve renal function  and iii) restore the ability of the kidney to manage the fluid and sodium naturally  resulting in a large and long-lasting reduction in the need for diuretic drugs. In DSR treated patients  there have been no congestion-related re-hospitalizations during the study follow-up period  all patients improved their NYHA status by at least one class and the clinical benefits observed in the clinical studies resulted in a 75% reduction in predicted one-year mortality of patients pre- vs. post-intensive DSR therapy based on the Seattle Heart Failure Model. The Company plans to begin MOJAVE  a US randomized controlled Phase 1/2a clinical trial in Q2 2023.About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. These patients can have up to 15 liters of extra fluid in their bodies  causing major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficulty breathing and restricted mobility that severely impacts daily life. Although diuretics are standard of care  the problem is that in many patients they are no longer effective and / or tolerable. There are limited effective treatment options for these patients  resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and a major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing “diuretic-resistant” patient population.alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems. The Company has reported positive primary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON trial of the alfapump in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis  enabling the filing of a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application with the FDA  planned for H2 2023. Having delivered clinical proof-of-concept for DSR as a disease-modifying drug program for the treatment of heart failure  the Company is planning to commence MOJAVE  a US randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a clinical trial of DSR 2.0  in Q2 2023.Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Trial) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical trial see www.poseidonstudy.com. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. DSR therapy is currently not approved for clinical research in the United States or Canada. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® and DSR® are registered trademarks.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements.Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.1 Data announced in press release on 8 February 20232 Data announced in press release on 1 March 20233 DSMB: Data Safety Monitoring BoardAttachments",neutral,0.0,0.84,0.16,mixed,0.22,0.1,0.68,True,English,"['Investigational New Drug (IND) application', 'congestive heart failure', 'Sequana Medical', 'submission', 'DSR®', 'treatment', 'US randomized controlled Phase 1/2a clinical trial', 'randomized controlled Phase 1/2a MOJAVE study', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'Investigational New Drug (IND) application', '30 diuretic-resistant chronic heart failure patients', 'congestive heart failure usual care', 'Seattle Heart Failure Model', 'existing heart failure therapies', 'three-month safety follow-up period', 'intravenous loop diuretic treatment', 'The DSR drug-based approach', '200,000 US heart failure patients', 'study follow-up period', 'MOJAVE study design', 'Phase 1 CHIHUAHUA2 studies', 'final study design', 'randomized safety cohort', 'frequent clinical complication', 'ten randomized patients', 'Oliver Gödje', 'several initial discussions', 'Optimum Strategic Communications', 'second generation product', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'major medical issues', 'disease modifying therapy', 'key clinical problem', 'first US patients', 'initial three patients', 'post-intensive DSR therapy', 'up to 15 liters', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'second-generation DSR product', 'first-generation DSR product', 'new therapies', '20 randomized patients', '30 randomized patients', 'Drug Administration', 'diuretic-resistant congestion', 'clinical studies', 'IND application', 'clinical proof', 'clinical benefits', 'diuretic drugs', 'US Food', 'DSR 2.0 product', 'strong safety', 'liver disease', 'The Company', 'patients’ lives', 'concept studies', 'SAHARA studies', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'GLP animal1', 'tolerability profile', 'RED DESERT', 'SAHARA proof', 'important milestone', 'repeated hospitalization', 'exciting results', 'M OJAVE', 'Ethics Committees', 'persistent congestion', 'peritoneal catheter', 'four weeks', 'Nick Bastin', 'Jonathan Edwards', 'Vici Rabbetts', 'renal function', 'congestion-related re-hospitalizations', 'NYHA status', 'one class', 'severe pain', 'restricted mobility', 'daily life', 'fluid overload', 'Fluid accumulation', 'excess fluid', 'extra fluid', 'DSR program', 'proprietary DSR', 'manufacturing information', 'urgent need', 'DSMB3 approval', 'long-lasting reduction', 'one-year mortality', 'efficacy data', 'sodium overload', '30 patients', '75% reduction', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', '03 April', 'pioneer', 'cancer', 'FDA', '31 March', 'Clearance', 'way', 'Q2', 'outline', 'announcement', 'cost', 'burden', 'track', 'intention', 'top', 'part', 'enrolment', 'review', 'retention', 'kidneys', 'health', 'large', 'serious', 'bodies', 'increased', 'difficulty', 'breathing', 'diuretics', 'standard']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,globenewswire.com
22081,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/03/2639288/0/en/Virtual-Reality-company-Virtualware-to-start-trading-in-Euronext-Paris-on-April-20.html,Virtual Reality company Virtualware to start trading in Euronext Paris on April 20,BILBAO  Spain and PARIS  April 03  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- European company Virtualware  one of the European leaders in the Virtual Reality industry  will start trading on Euronext Paris on April 20.,BILBAO  Spain and PARIS  April 03  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- European company Virtualware  one of the European leaders in the Virtual Reality industry  will start trading on Euronext Paris on April 20.The corporation  founded in 2004  will go public in a bell-ringing ceremony to be presided over by the company's two founders  Unai Extremo and Sergio Barrera.The listing will take place in the Access segment and follows a year and a half of preparation.Euronext is the pan-European stock exchange that groups together the stock exchanges of Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels  Oslo  Milan  and Dublin.Virtualware is one of the pioneering corporations in the European Virtual Reality industry. Its team of more than 50 people has developed more than 500 projects in more than 33 countries. It has its headquarters in Bilbao  Spain  and its North American headquarters in Hamilton (Canada).For the last decade and a half  it has been developing immersive solutions oriented to the industrial world  and counts among its clients multinationals and institutions such as GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy  Ontario Power Generation  Petronas  Iberdrola  Alstom  Guardian Glass  Gestamp  Danone  Johnson & Johnson  Biogen  Bayer  ADIF  the Spanish Ministry of Defense  El Retoño Technical University or EAN University  to name a few.Its main product VIROO  the pioneering VR as a Service (VRaaS) platform  is already used by companies on three continents and has been used to develop strategic projects for the defense sector and critical infrastructures.VIROO aims to become the standard for the development of industrial Virtual Reality applications worldwide.Images:Photo of Unai Extremo  CEOhttps://www.virtualwareco.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/DSC0703.jpgPhoto of the VIROO room in operation:https://www.virtualwareco.com/viroo/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Spanish_Military_VR_Simulator_For_Medical_Training_VIROO_1024-1.jpgWebsite: https://www.virtualwareco.com/A photo accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/10d81877-e2df-4d5f-8470-ffea7b2f4559,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Virtual Reality company', 'Euronext Paris', 'Virtualware', 'trading', 'April', 'El Retoño Technical University', 'GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy', 'industrial Virtual Reality applications', 'European Virtual Reality industry', 'Ontario Power Generation', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'North American headquarters', 'European company Virtualware', 'EAN University', 'European leaders', 'industrial world', 'stock exchanges', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'bell-ringing ceremony', 'two founders', 'Unai Extremo', 'Sergio Barrera', 'Access segment', 'pioneering corporations', 'last decade', 'immersive solutions', 'Spanish Ministry', 'main product', 'pioneering VR', 'VRaaS) platform', 'three continents', 'critical infrastructures', 'a half', 'strategic projects', 'defense sector', 'VIROO room', 'Euronext Paris', '500 projects', 'BILBAO', 'Spain', 'April', 'listing', 'place', 'year', 'preparation', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Oslo', 'Milan', 'Dublin', 'team', '50 people', '33 countries', 'Hamilton', 'Canada', 'clients', 'multinationals', 'institutions', 'Petronas', 'Iberdrola', 'Alstom', 'Guardian', 'Glass', 'Gestamp', 'Danone', 'Johnson', 'Biogen', 'Bayer', 'ADIF', 'Service', 'companies', 'standard', 'development', 'Images', 'Photo', 'CEO', 'virtualwareco', 'uploads', 'DSC0703', 'operation', 'Spanish_Military_VR_Simulator', 'Medical_Training', 'Website', 'announcement', 'globenewswire', 'NewsRoom/AttachmentNg']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,globenewswire.com
22082,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nextensa-nextensa-sells-office-building-154000624.html,Nextensa: Nextensa sells office building Treesquare in Brussels to KGAL Investment Management,PRESS RELEASE Brussels  3 April 2023  5.40 PM Nextensa sells office building Treesquare in Brussels to KGAL Investment Management The sale of Treesquare  a...,"Nextensa NVPRESS RELEASEBrussels  3 April 2023  5.40 PMNextensa sells office building Treesquare in Brussels to KGAL Investment ManagementThe sale of Treesquare  a fully let sustainable office building located in the heart of the European district of Brussels  took place today. The German KGAL Investment Management purchased the property for the net price of 43.7 million euros by way of an asset deal.As a leading independent investment and asset manager  KGAL Investment Management (KGAL) has been active in the international real estate market for many years. The German group focuses on long-term investments for institutional and private investors in real estate  sustainable infrastructure and aviation. Treesquare will become part of the pan-European KGAL Core 4 Real Estate fund.""The property fits perfectly into the investment strategy of our KGAL Core 4 Real Estate fund  which combines core  core-plus and value-add properties in prime locations in major European cities. Letting the ESG-compliant office building to a wide range of solvent tenants from different sectors results in an optimally diversified cash flow.""André Zücker  Managing Director of KGAL Investment Management.First-class office experience in the best location in the countryTreesquare offers a first-class office experience at De Meeûs Square in Brussels' European district  the best office location in Belgium. When the building came into the hands of Nextensa (then Leasinvest Real Estate) in 2004  it was fully leased to a diplomatic representation to the European Union and an international company. Between 2016 and 2018  it was demolished and rebuilt as a AAA building meeting the highest quality standards in terms of sustainability and technology. The renovated Treesquare  designed by Assar Architects  is equipped with solar panels  a double skin facade with integrated solar shading  smart climate ceilings and a green roof. All elements that contribute to the sustainability profile of the building  which was awarded a ""BREEAM Excellent"" certificate in 2018. Treesquare consists of approximately 6 500 m² of floor space distributed over 12 floors and offers 32 parking spaces. Today  the office building is fully leased to twelve AAA-tenants such as Deutsche Börse  Netflix and Norton Rose.Story continuesThe sale of Treesquare fits within the strategy of real estate investor and developer Nextensa to realize exceptional added value through targeted divestments within its portfolio. In this manner  Nextensa wants to be able to respond proactively to interesting development opportunities that present themselves on the real estate market.“The sale of Treesquare is for Nextensa the reference of creating value. Nextensa bought this building in 2004 and transformed the asset into a brand-new sustainable building. We are very proud of this development and the sale of the building fits perfectly in the optimalisation of the LTV strategy.”Michel Van Geyte  CEO of NextensaNextensa was advised by CBRE. KGAL was advised by Allen & Overy  Arcadis and SPINE.ABOUT NEXTENSANextensa SA is a mixed real estate investor and developer. The company’s investment portfolio is divided between the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (41%)  Belgium (44%) and Austria (15%); its total value as of 31/12/2022 was approximately € 1.28 billion.As a developer  Nextensa is primarily active in shaping large urban developments. At Tour & Taxis (development of over 350 000 sqm) in Brussels  Nextensa is building a mixed real estate portfolio consisting of a revaluation of iconic buildings and new constructions. In Luxembourg (Cloche d’Or)  it is working in partnership on a major urban extension of more than 400 000 sqm consisting of offices  retail and residential buildings.The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and has a market capitalization of €519.1 million (value 31/12/2022).ABOUT KGALKGAL is a leading independent investment and asset manager with a managed investment volume of more than 16 billion euros. The focus of its investments is on long-term real capital investments for institutional and private investors in Real Estate  Sustainable Infrastructure and Aviation. The pan-European group was founded 55 years ago and is headquartered in Grünwald near Munich. 353 employees contribute to achieving sustainably stable earnings  taking into account return and risk aspects (as of 31 December 2022).FOR MORE INFORMATIONNEXTENSAMichel Van Geyte | Chief Executive OfficeGare Maritime  Picardstreet 11  B505  1000 Brussels  Belgium+32 2 882 10 08 | investor.relations@nextensa.euwww.nextensa.euKGALJacqueline Haben | Head of Marketing & CommunicationsTölzer Str. 15  82031 Grünwald  GermanyT +49 89 64143-051 | M +49 1520 2870010 | jacqueline.haben@kgal.dewww.kgal.deAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.75,0.19,0.06,True,English,"['office building Treesquare', 'KGAL Investment Management', 'Nextensa', 'Brussels', 'pan-European KGAL Core 4 Real Estate fund', 'The German KGAL Investment Management', 'mixed real estate investor', 'De Meeûs Square', 'mixed real estate portfolio', 'international real estate market', 'long-term real capital investments', 'Leasinvest Real Estate', 'André Zücker', 'highest quality standards', 'double skin facade', 'smart climate ceilings', 'BREEAM Excellent"" certificate', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Michel Van Geyte', 'large urban developments', 'major urban extension', 'Tölzer Str.', 'leading independent investment', 'First-class office experience', 'Chief Executive Office', 'major European cities', 'integrated solar shading', 'exceptional added value', 'best office location', 'interesting development opportunities', 'ESG-compliant office building', 'sustainable office building', 'new sustainable building', ""Brussels' European district"", 'pan-European group', 'German group', 'long-term investments', 'investment portfolio', 'best location', 'market capitalization', 'investment volume', 'investment strategy', 'sustainable infrastructure', 'European Union', 'solar panels', 'new constructions', 'international company', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'net price', '43.7 million euros', 'many years', 'private investors', 'value-add properties', 'prime locations', 'wide range', 'solvent tenants', 'different sectors', 'cash flow', 'Managing Director', 'diplomatic representation', 'Assar Architects', 'green roof', 'floor space', '32 parking spaces', 'twelve AAA-tenants', 'Norton Rose', 'targeted divestments', 'Grand Duchy', 'total value', 'iconic buildings', 'residential buildings', '16 billion euros', 'Grünwald', 'stable earnings', 'risk aspects', 'MORE INFORMATION', 'Gare Maritime', 'AAA building', 'asset deal', 'asset manager', 'LTV strategy', 'sustainability profile', 'Jacqueline Haben', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Nextensa NV', 'Nextensa SA', '1000 Brussels', '3 April', 'Treesquare', 'sale', 'heart', 'place', 'property', 'way', 'institutional', 'aviation', 'part', 'core-plus', 'country', 'Belgium', 'hands', 'terms', 'technology', 'elements', '6,500 m²', '12 floors', 'Netflix', 'Story', 'developer', 'manner', 'reference', 'optimalisation', 'CEO', 'CBRE', 'Allen', 'Overy', 'Arcadis', 'SPINE', 'Luxembourg', 'Austria', '31/12', 'Tour', 'Taxis', '350,000 sqm', 'revaluation', 'Cloche', '400,000 sqm', 'offices', 'retail', 'focus', 'Munich', '353 employees', 'account', 'return', '31 December', 'Picardstreet', 'B50', 'relations', 'Head', 'Marketing', 'Communications', 'Germany', 'Attachment', '5.40']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22083,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/communication-following-announcement-fda-breakthrough-050000545.html,Communication following the announcement of FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMD,Communication following the announcement of FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMD Conversion of 160 ORNAN2022 by ESGO with...,"Pixium VisionCommunication following the announcement of FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMDConversion of 160 ORNAN2022 by ESGO with intention to pursue controlled trading of sharesCost reduction measures implemented potentially extending the cash runway beyond the end of Q2 2023Continuation of the fundraising processBreakthrough Device Designation status to streamline FDA regulatory review processParis  April 3  2023 – 7:00 CET – Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641; Mnemo: ALPIX)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  welcomes the interest of the market in the latest developments in its business following the announcement of the FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMD and reports that European Select Growth Opportunities Fund managed by L1 Capital (""ESGO"")  the US-based investor specializing in healthcare  converted ORNAN2022. On Friday  March 31  2023  ESGO converted 160 ORNAN2022 representing a total amount of EUR 1 600 000 and the issuance of a total number of 65 573 769 ordinary shares  which makes ESGO a major shareholder in Pixium Vision.1 The conversion took place following the increased interest in Pixium Vision shares after the Company’s announcement of receiving the FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMD on Friday March 31  2023. This appreciation supports the continued interest by the market in the PRIMA technology as well as in the US development of its clinical trials and approval procedure. After this conversion  the share capital of the Company amounts to EUR 2 980 403.72 represented by 148 664 926 shares.""We welcome the increased interest in Pixium Vision following a more than 300% appreciation of our share price on Friday last week. Having received Breakthrough Device Designation from the FDA in the US is truly a remarkable achievement and continues to demonstrate Pixium Vision’s ability to meet its milestones”  said Lloyd Diamond  Chief Executive Officer of Pixium Vision. “As ESGO naturally does not intend to remain a material shareholder in the company  it advised us that it will responsibly trade our shares as to not significantly impact the share price.”Story continuesESGO also commented: “We are happy with the progress of Pixium Vision and are fully aware of our responsibility as a major shareholder. ESGO is committed to support Pixium Vision and although we cannot control the share price  our intention is to trade responsibly as to not affect the share price of Pixium Vision.”As indicated in a previous press release2  Pixium Vision continues to actively seek financing options to support its strategic ambitions  which are reinforced by the FDA Breakthrough Device Designation award for the Prima System in Dry AMD. At the same time  the Company continues to implement cost reduction measures with the intention to extend its cash runway beyond the end of the second quarter of 2023.On July 13  20223  an agreement with ESGO was signed for a total frame of EUR 30 000 000  which was terminated on February 13  2023 (link)  after drawdown of the first tranche of EUR 5 500 000 representing 550 ORNAN2022  with a one-year maturity date ending on July 13  2023. After Friday’s conversion  the number of outstanding ORNAN2022 is 125 amounting to a total EUR 1 250 0004.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Stanford University in California  Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The Company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.Forward-Looking Statements. This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risques”) section of the Company’s 2022 Half-Year Financial Report and other documents the Company files with the AMF  which is available on the AMF website (www.amf- france.org) or on the Company’s website.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officerinvestors@pixium-vision.com+33 1 76 21 47 68 Media RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsSophie Baumontsophie@lifesciadvisors.com+33 6 27 74 74 49 Investor RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van Renterghemgvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com+41 76 735 01 311 The conversion represented around 44.11 % of the share capital after conversion.2 Press release published by Pixium Vision on February 14  2023 (link)3 Press release published by Pixium Vision on July 14  2022 (link)4 The maturity date of the outstanding ORNAN2022 is July 13  2023 on which the remaining ORNAN2022 not converted or redeemed in cash will have to be reimbursed in cash at their nominal value.Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.59,0.21,0.2,True,English,"['FDA Breakthrough Device Designation', 'Prima System', 'Dry AMD', 'Communication', 'announcement', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'European Select Growth Opportunities Fund', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'FDA Breakthrough Device Designation award', 'FDA regulatory review process Paris', 'Breakthrough Device Designation status', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'Cost reduction measures', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'one-year maturity date', 'Facteurs de Risques', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', '2022 Half-Year Financial Report', 'previous press release', 'Pixium Vision Communication', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'Friday last week', 'Pixium Vision shares', 'fundraising process', 'research partners', 'PRIMA technology', 'Dry AMD', 'University hospital', 'financial condition', 'la Vision', 'controlled trading', 'cash runway', 'independent lives', 'latest developments', 'L1 Capital', 'US-based investor', 'major shareholder', 'clinical trials', 'approval procedure', 'share capital', 'share price', 'remarkable achievement', 'Lloyd Diamond', 'material shareholder', 'financing options', 'strategic ambitions', 'same time', 'second quarter', 'first tranche', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Stanford University', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'reasonable assumptions', 'actual results', 'Risk Factors', 'total amount', 'total frame', '65,573,769 ordinary shares', 'US development', 'numerous risks', 'total number', 'continued interest', 'outstanding ORNAN2022', 'bioelectronics company', '148,664,926 shares', '160 ORNAN2022', '550 ORNAN2022', 'announcement', 'Conversion', 'ESGO', 'intention', 'Q2', 'Continuation', 'April', '7:00 CET', 'Mnemo', 'ALPIX', 'patients', 'sight', 'market', 'business', 'healthcare', 'March', 'issuance', 'place', 'increased', 'appreciation', 'ability', 'milestones', 'Story', 'progress', 'responsibility', 'July', 'agreement', 'February', 'link', 'drawdown', 'world', 'academic', 'California', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'The', 'Entreprise', 'Bpifrance', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'discussion', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22084,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000607.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6954 £ 23.5650 Estimated MTD return -2.16 % -2.04 % Estimated YTD return -3.87 % -3.53 % Estimated ITD return 166.95 % 135.65 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.59 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.37 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury 850 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 234.5330 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 125.7557The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '850 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '59']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22085,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/forfarmers-n-v-forfarmers-announces-050000067.html,ForFarmers N.V.: ForFarmers announces changes in Executive Board,Lochem  3 April 2023 ForFarmers announces changes in Executive Board The supervisory board of ForFarmers announces that Theo Spierings has to resign from his...,"ForFarmers N.V.Lochem  3 April 2023ForFarmers announces changes in Executive BoardThe supervisory board of ForFarmers announces that Theo Spierings has to resign from his position as CEO due to health reasons and personal circumstances. Mr. Spierings has consequently decided to terminate his one-year contract prematurely. The supervisory board has appointed co-director Pieter Wolleswinkel as CEO of ForFarmers  effective from 3 April 2023.In addition  the supervisory board has decided to nominate Rob Kiers as member of the executive board  so that it will consist of three members again. An extraordinary general meeting of shareholders will be convened for this at short notice.Theo Spierings was appointed to member and CEO Of the executive board of ForFarmers on 17 January 2023 for the duration of one year. Jan van Nieuwenhuizen  chairman of the supervisory board: “We sincerely regret that Theo is forced to resign from his position. In recent months  he has emphasized important aspects in the implementation of the revised strategy that was announced at the end of last year. His knowledge and experience in the field of sustainability and transformation have been valuable in this regard. We thank Theo for his input and wish him all the best.""“Pieter Wolleswinkel  already a member of the executive board and responsible for ForFarmers Netherlands  has temporarily assumed CEO duties in the past year and has proven himself as a solid director. With the appointment of Pieter as CEO  we are securing continuity  expertise and international experience in the executive board. We are also nominating Rob Kiers as a member of the executive board  again an appointment from our own ranks. In his position as Director M&A and Strategy  we have come to know Rob as a driven professional. We are convinced that he fits perfectly in the management team under Pieter's leadership""  says Jan van Nieuwenhuizen.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Note to the editor / For further information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director of Investor RelationsM +31 (0)6 10 94 91 61 • E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euStory continuesAbout ForFarmersForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that provides complete innovative feed solutions to the livestock farming industry. With its For the Future of Farming mission ForFarmers underpins its commitment both to the continuity of farming and to further increasing the sustainability of the agricultural sector. ForFarmers is a leading feed producer in Europe with annual sales of around 9 million tonnes of animal feed and is active in the Netherlands  Belgium  Germany  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has around 2 500 employees and in 2022 generated revenue of approximately €3.3 billion. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.P.O. Box 917240 AB LochemThe NetherlandsT: +31 (0)573 28 88 00info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  for example relating to ForFarmers’ legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition forward-looking statements may  without limitation  contain phrases such as “intends to”  ""expects”  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at”  ''plans to”  ""estimates"" and/or words of a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers’ future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties which may lead to material differences between the actual results and performance and the expected future results or performance as implicitly or explicitly contained in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in  or contribute to  deviations from current expectations include  but are not limited to developments in legislation  technology  taxation  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal proceedings  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers are discussed in the most recently published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release relate solely to statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility whatsoever to update the forward-looking statements contained in this release  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.14,0.48,True,English,"['ForFarmers N.V.', 'Executive Board', 'changes', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'complete innovative feed solutions', 'ForFarmers N.V. Lochem', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Jan van Nieuwenhuizen', 'leading feed producer', 'P.O. Box', 'share price fluctuations', 'general economic conditions', 'Director M&A', 'livestock farming industry', 'The Netherlands T', 'ForFarmers’ legal obligations', 'future financial results', 'director Pieter Wolleswinkel', 'animal feed', 'legal proceedings', 'solid director', 'actual results', 'future results', 'Executive Board', 'supervisory board', 'health reasons', 'personal circumstances', 'Mr. Spierings', 'one-year contract', 'three members', 'short notice', 'one year', 'recent months', 'important aspects', 'last year', 'past year', 'management team', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'Investor Relations', 'international organisation', 'Farming mission', 'agricultural sector', 'annual sales', '9 million tonnes', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'business plans', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'annual report', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'future events', 'press release', 'ForFarmers Netherlands', 'Rob Kiers', 'Theo Spierings', 'international experience', 'inside information', 'similar meaning', 'other factors', 'new information', 'CEO duties', 'Caroline Vogelzang', '3 April', 'changes', 'addition', 'shareholders', '17 January', 'duration', 'chairman', 'implementation', 'strategy', 'end', 'knowledge', 'field', 'sustainability', 'transformation', 'regard', 'input', 'appointment', 'continuity', 'expertise', 'ranks', 'professional', 'leadership', 'Note', 'editor', 'Story', 'commitment', 'Europe', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'Poland', '2,500 employees', 'revenue', 'example', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'expects', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'deviations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'taxation', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'date', 'document', 'responsibility', '6']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22086,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-BRUXELLES-LAMBERT-5953/news/Groupe-Bruxelles-Lambert-Transactions-on-GBL-shares-from-March-27-2023-until-March-31-2023-inclu-43417254/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Groupe Bruxelles Lambert : Transactions on GBL shares from March 27 2023 until March 31  2023 (included),(marketscreener.com)   April 3  2023 - After 5:45pm CET   Regulated information   Delivering meaningful growth   Transactions on GBL Shares   Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from March 27 2023 until March 31  2023    Implementation of…,April 3  2023 - After 5:45pm CET Regulated information Delivering meaningful growth Transactions on GBL Shares Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from March 27 2023 until March 31  2023 (included) Implementation of the authorization of the Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of April 28  2020 Purchases GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  acquired during the period from March 27  2023 until March 31  2023 included  as part of: The share buyback program: 0 GBL shareThe share buyback program (by an independent financial institution on the basis of a discretionary mandate until June 30  2023): 165 371 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) Stock Exchange 03/27/2023 33 920 75.82 75.40 76.24 2 571 658 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 03/28/2023 25 519 75.17 74.86 76.14 1 918 358 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 03/29/2023 21 721 75.76 75.40 76.04 1 645 644 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 03/30/2023 43 208 77.78 76.86 78.22 3 360 770 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 03/31/2023 41 003 78.19 77.56 78.66 3 205 856 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Total 165 371 76.81 12 702 284 Regulated information of April 3  2023 // Page 1 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.beThe liquidity agreement: 28 680 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 03/27/2023 4 936 75.75 75.40 76.24 373 920 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/28/2023 5 100 75.21 74.86 76.14 383 560 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/29/2023 3 000 75.59 75.40 76.04 226 780 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/30/2023 12 644 77.73 76.86 78.22 982 824 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/31/2023 3 000 77.90 77.56 78.66 233 706 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 28 680 76.74 2 200 790 Sales GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  sold during the period from March 27  2023 until March 31  2023 included  as part of: The liquidity agreement: 31 280 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 03/27/2023 6 000 75.88 75.40 76.24 455 299 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/28/2023 636 75.81 74.86 76.14 48 214 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/29/2023 9 000 75.74 75.40 76.04 681 630 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/30/2023 9 144 77.76 76.86 78.22 711 046 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/31/2023 6 500 78.01 77.56 78.66 507 096 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 31 280 76.83 2 403 285 As of March 31  2023  GBL holds directly and through its subsidiaries 14 112 282 GBL shares representing 9.2% of the issued capital  and holds no shares under the liquidity agreement. On that date  92.4% of the fifth share buyback program is executed1. 1 cf. http://www.gbl.be/en/transactions-gbl-shares Regulated information of April 3  2023 // Page 2 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.be,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'GBL shares', 'Transactions', 'March', 'Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'fifth share buyback program', 'market shares price', 'meaningful growth Transactions', 'independent financial institution', 'Acquis Stock Exchange', '20 Stock Exchange Euronext', '60 Stock Exchange Euronext', '2,824 Stock Exchange Euronext', '3,706 Stock Exchange Euronext', '299 Stock Exchange Euronext', '7,096 Stock Exchange Euronext', '28,680 GBL shares Number', 'Acquis Total', '165,371 GBL shares', '31,280 GBL shares', '14,112,282 GBL shares', 'discretionary mandate', 'liquidity agreement', '790 Sales GBL', 'gbl.be', '44 Euronext', 'April', '5:45pm', 'information', 'Disclosure', 'March', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'subsidiaries', 'period', 'part', 'basis', 'June', 'CBOE', 'Turquoise', 'Page', 'capital', 'transactions-gbl-shares']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22087,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TOPDANMARK-A-S-1413041/news/Topdanmark-A-S-Vote-by-post-AGM-2023-119-KB-43413350/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Topdanmark A/S : Vote by post AGM 2023 (119 KB),(marketscreener.com)    Vote by post      Topdanmark A/S' Annual General Meeting on Wednesday 26 April 2023     VP reference no.:       ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TOPDANMARK-A-S-1413041/news/Topdanmark-A-S-Vote-by-post-…,VP reference no.: 123456789ABCDEFPage 3/3If the form is only dated and signed  it will be considered as a proxy to the Board of Directors to vote in accordance with the Board of Directors' recommendations as indicated above  and the Board of Director's comments to the agenda as set out in the notice convening the Annual General Meeting.This proxy applies to all issues decided at the Annual General Meeting. If new proposals are made  including amendments or candidates for the Board of Directors or the auditors  not listed in the agenda  the proxy will be used to the best of the proxy holder's belief. The proxy applies to shares held by the undersigned on the date of registration  calculated on the basis of the Company's Register of Shareholders and the information of ownership received by the Company  but not yet registered in the Register of Shareholders.Date: - 2023 Signature:This form must be received by Euronext Securities  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  1402 Copenhagen  no later than Friday 21 April 2023 at 23:59 (CEST). The form can be returned either by email: CPH-investor@euronext.com or via post. Vote by proxy or post can also be cast on Euronext Securities's website www.vp.dk/agm or on www.topdanmark.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.81,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['Topdanmark A/S', 'post', 'AGM', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Nicolai Eigtveds Gade', 'VP reference', 'new proposals', 'Euronext Securities', 'Friday 21 April', ""Directors' recommendations"", 'proxy holder', 'Page', 'form', 'Board', 'accordance', 'comments', 'agenda', 'notice', 'issues', 'amendments', 'candidates', 'auditors', 'belief', 'shares', 'registration', 'basis', 'Company', 'Register', 'Shareholders', 'ownership', 'Signature', '1402 Copenhagen', 'email', 'CPH', 'investor', 'post', 'Vote', 'website', 'agm']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22088,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TOPDANMARK-A-S-1413041/news/Topdanmark-A-S-Proxy-form-AGM-2023-123-KB-43413352/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Topdanmark A/S : Proxy form AGM 2023 (123 KB),(marketscreener.com)    Proxy form      Topdanmark A/S' Annual General Meeting on Wednesday 26 April 2023     VP reference no.:       ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TOPDANMARK-A-S-1413041/news/Topdanmark-A-S-Proxy-form-AGM-…,VP reference no.: 123456789ABCDEFPage 3/3If the form is only dated and signed  it will be considered as a proxy to the Board of Directors to vote in accordance with the Board of Directors' recommendations as indicated above  and the Board of Director's comments to the agenda as set out in the notice convening the Annual General Meeting.This proxy applies to all issues decided at the Annual General Meeting. If new proposals are made  including amendments or candidates for the Board of Directors or the auditors  not listed in the agenda  the proxy will be used to the best of the proxy holder's belief. The proxy applies to shares held by the undersigned on the date of registration  calculated on the basis of the Company's Register of Shareholders and the information of ownership received by the Company  but not yet registered in the Register of Shareholders.Date: - 2023 Signature:This form must be received by Euronext Securities  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  1402 Copenhagen  no later than Friday 21 April 2023 at 23:59 (CEST). The form can be returned either by email: CPH-investor@euronext.com or via post. Vote by proxy or post can also be cast on Euronext Securities's website www.vp.dk/agm or on www.topdanmark.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.81,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['Topdanmark A/S', 'Proxy form', 'AGM', '123 KB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Nicolai Eigtveds Gade', 'VP reference', 'new proposals', 'Euronext Securities', 'Friday 21 April', ""Directors' recommendations"", 'proxy holder', 'Page', 'form', 'Board', 'accordance', 'comments', 'agenda', 'notice', 'issues', 'amendments', 'candidates', 'auditors', 'belief', 'shares', 'registration', 'basis', 'Company', 'Register', 'Shareholders', 'ownership', 'Signature', '1402 Copenhagen', 'email', 'CPH', 'investor', 'post', 'Vote', 'website', 'agm']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22089,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGAN-53235/news/ARGAN-Increase-in-resources-of-the-liquidity-contract-contracted-with-Natixis-Oddo-BHF-43412142/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,ARGAN : Increase in resources of the liquidity contract contracted with Natixis Oddo BHF,(marketscreener.com) Press release – Monday 3 april 2023- 9H45 Increase in resources of the liquidity contractcontracted with Natixis Oddo BHF In accordance with the provisions of Article 4 of AMF Decision No. 2021-01 of June 22  2021   ARGAN SA today increas…,"Press release – Monday 3 april 2023- 9H45Increase in resources of the liquidity contractcontracted with Natixis Oddo BHFIn accordance with the provisions of Article 4 of AMF Decision No. 2021-01 of June 22  2021 (the ""AMF Decision"")  ARGAN SA today increased by € 800 000 the resources allocated to the liquidity contract contracted with NATIXIS ODDO BHF.Still within the limit in AMF Decision No. 2021-01 of June 22  2021  ARGAN SA decides to increase the resources of the liquidity contract by:€ 800 000 (eight hundred thousand euros)The position after increase ot these resources on april 3  2023 will be :12 707 shares€ 1 073 383.34 €About ArganARGAN is the only French real estate company specialized in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT. As of 31st December 2022  ARGAN’s portfolio amounted to 3.5 million s qm  comprising approximately 100 warehouses located exclusively in France  valued at €4.0 billion. ARGAN is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the CAC All-Share  IEIF SIIC France and EPRA Europ indices. The company opted for the listed real estate investment companies (SIICs) tax regime since 1st July 2007.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli - CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretaryPhone : +33 1 47 47 05 46E-mail : contact@argan.frwww.argan.frAude Vayre – Press RelationsPhone : + 33 6 14 64 15 65E-mail : argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Natixis Oddo BHF', 'ARGAN', 'Increase', 'resources', 'liquidity', 'real estate investment companies', 'French real estate company', 'Natixis Oddo BHF', 'hundred thousand euros', '3.5 million s qm', 'EPRA Europ indices', 'SIICs) tax regime', 'Aymar de Germay', 'IEIF SIIC France', 'Press release', 'AMF Decision', '31st December', 'Compartment A', 'CAC All-Share', '1st July', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'General Secretary', 'Aude Vayre', 'Press Relations', 'liquidity contract', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'Euronext Paris', 'ARGAN SA', '100 warehouses', 'Monday', 'april', 'Increase', 'resources', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Article', 'June', 'limit', 'position', '12,707 shares', 'DEVELOPMENT', 'RENTAL', 'portfolio', 'ISIN', 'CFO', 'Phone', 'mail', 'Attachment']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22090,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VANTIVA-6411898/news/Vantiva-confirms-its-participation-in-the-Technicolor-Creative-Studios-refinancing-43411469/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Vantiva confirms its participation in the Technicolor Creative Studios' refinancing,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Vantiva confirms its participation in the Technicolor Creative Studios’ refinancing Paris   April 3  2023 – Vantiva TCS announced the details of its refinancing in a press release issued today. Vantiva confirms that it will …,Press ReleaseVantiva confirms its participation in the Technicolor Creative Studios’ refinancingParis (France)  April 3  2023 – Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI; OTCQX: TCLRY)TCS announced the details of its refinancing in a press release issued today.Vantiva confirms that it will participate in this plan for €10 million through a convertible bond issue with an option for an additional €10 million.This operation has no impact on the company's guidance.For more details on this refinancing plan  please refer to the TCS press release.About VantivaPushing the EdgeVantiva shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (VANTI) and are tradable in the form of American Depositary Receipts (ADR) in the United States on the OTC Pink market (TCLRY).Vantiva  formerly known as Technicolor  is headquartered in Paris  France. It is an independent company which is a global technology leader in designing  developing and supplying innovative products and solutions that connect consumers around the world to the content and services they love – whether at home  at work or in other smart spaces. Vantiva has also earned a solid reputation for optimizing supply chain performance by leveraging its decades-long expertise in high-precision manufacturing  logistics  fulfillment and distribution. With operations throughout the Americas  Asia Pacific and EMEA  Vantiva has been recognized as a strategic partner by leading firms across various vertical industries  including network service providers  software companies and video game creators for over 25 years. Vantiva is committed to the highest standards of corporate social responsibility and sustainability across all aspects of its operations. For more information  please visit www.vantiva.com and follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Corporate press:vantiva.press@image7.frInvestor Relations Contact:investor.relations@vantiva.netAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"[""Technicolor Creative Studios' refinancing"", 'Vantiva', 'participation', 'Technicolor Creative Studios’ refinancing', 'convertible bond issue', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'global technology leader', 'other smart spaces', 'supply chain performance', 'various vertical industries', 'network service providers', 'video game creators', 'OTC Pink market', 'corporate social responsibility', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'TCS press release', 'Corporate press', 'regulated market', 'United States', 'innovative products', 'solid reputation', 'decades-long expertise', 'high-precision manufacturing', 'Asia Pacific', 'strategic partner', 'leading firms', 'software companies', 'highest standards', 'refinancing plan', 'Euronext Paris', 'independent company', 'Vantiva shares', 'participation', 'France', 'April', 'OTCQX', 'TCLRY', 'details', 'option', 'operation', 'impact', 'guidance', 'Edge', 'ADR', 'solutions', 'consumers', 'world', 'content', 'services', 'home', 'logistics', 'fulfillment', 'distribution', 'Americas', 'EMEA', '25 years', 'sustainability', 'aspects', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'image', 'Attachment']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22091,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/03/2639239/0/en/Vantiva-confirms-its-participation-in-the-Technicolor-Creative-Studios-refinancing.html,Vantiva confirms its participation in the Technicolor Creative Studios’ refinancing,Press Release   Vantiva confirms its participation in the Technicolor Creative Studios’ refinancing     Paris (France)  April 3  2023 – Vantiva...,English FrenchPress ReleaseVantiva confirms its participation in the Technicolor Creative Studios’ refinancingParis (France)  April 3  2023 – Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI; OTCQX: TCLRY)TCS announced the details of its refinancing in a press release issued today.Vantiva confirms that it will participate in this plan for €10 million through a convertible bond issue with an option for an additional €10 million.This operation has no impact on the company's guidance.For more details on this refinancing plan  please refer to the TCS press release.About VantivaPushing the EdgeVantiva shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (VANTI) and are tradable in the form of American Depositary Receipts (ADR) in the United States on the OTC Pink market (TCLRY).Vantiva  formerly known as Technicolor  is headquartered in Paris  France. It is an independent company which is a global technology leader in designing  developing and supplying innovative products and solutions that connect consumers around the world to the content and services they love – whether at home  at work or in other smart spaces. Vantiva has also earned a solid reputation for optimizing supply chain performance by leveraging its decades-long expertise in high-precision manufacturing  logistics  fulfillment and distribution. With operations throughout the Americas  Asia Pacific and EMEA  Vantiva has been recognized as a strategic partner by leading firms across various vertical industries  including network service providers  software companies and video game creators for over 25 years. Vantiva is committed to the highest standards of corporate social responsibility and sustainability across all aspects of its operations. For more information  please visit www.vantiva.com and follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Corporate press:vantiva.press@image7.frInvestor Relations Contact:investor.relations@vantiva.netAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Technicolor Creative Studios’ refinancing', 'Vantiva', 'participation', 'Technicolor Creative Studios’ refinancing', 'convertible bond issue', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'global technology leader', 'other smart spaces', 'supply chain performance', 'various vertical industries', 'network service providers', 'video game creators', 'OTC Pink market', 'corporate social responsibility', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'TCS press release', 'Corporate press', 'regulated market', 'English French', 'United States', 'innovative products', 'solid reputation', 'decades-long expertise', 'high-precision manufacturing', 'Asia Pacific', 'strategic partner', 'leading firms', 'software companies', 'highest standards', 'refinancing plan', 'Euronext Paris', 'independent company', 'Vantiva shares', 'participation', 'France', 'April', 'OTCQX', 'TCLRY', 'details', 'option', 'operation', 'impact', 'guidance', 'Edge', 'ADR', 'solutions', 'consumers', 'world', 'content', 'services', 'home', 'logistics', 'fulfillment', 'distribution', 'Americas', 'EMEA', '25 years', 'sustainability', 'aspects', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'image', 'Attachment']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,globenewswire.com
22092,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THALES-4715/news/Thales-makes-available-its-2022-Universal-Registration-Document-URD-43417804/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Thales : makes available its 2022 Universal Registration Document (URD),(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   03 April 2023   Paris La Défense   Thales makes available its   Universal Registration Document 2022   Thales announces the filing of its Universal Registration Document 2022 with the Autorité des...http…,"PRESS RELEASE03 April 2023Paris La DéfenseThales makes available itsUniversal Registration Document 2022Thales (Euronext Paris: HO) announces the filing of its Universal Registration Document 2022 with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF). This Universal Registration Document can be found on the company's website at www.thalesgroup.com(investor section).The document includes  among other:the 2022 Annual Financial Report the Board of Directors' Report on Corporate Governance the non-financial performance statement non-financial performance statement  the Statutory Auditors' reports information on fees paid to Statutory Auditors the regulated information on the share buy-back program buy-back program  Patrice Caine's certification  as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Thales and person responsible for the documentAbout ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies  investing in digital and ""deep tech"" innovations - connectivity  big data  artificial intelligence  cybersecurity and quantum technologiesto build a confident future crucial for the development of our societies. The Group provides its customers - businesses  organizations and governments - in the defense  aeronautics  space  transport  and digital identity and security domains with solutions  services and products that help them fulfill their critical role  consideration for the individual being the driving force behind all decisions.Thales has 77 0001 employees in 68 countries. In 2022  the Group generated sales of €17.6 billion._______________________________1 Excluding Transport business  which is being divestedDIRECTION DE LA COMMUNICATION - Thales - Tour Carpe Diem - 31 Place des Corolles - 92098 Paris La Défense Cedex - France - Tel.: +33(0)1 57 77 86 26 - www.thalesgroup.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.61,0.39,0.01,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'Thales', 'URD', '92098 Paris La Défense Cedex', 'des Marchés Financiers', '31 Place des Corolles', 'non-financial performance statement', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'deep tech"" innovations', 'Tour Carpe Diem', '2022 Annual Financial Report', 'Universal Registration Document', ""Statutory Auditors' reports"", 'share buy-back program', 'Euronext Paris', ""Directors' Report"", 'PRESS RELEASE', 'investor section', 'Corporate Governance', 'Patrice Caine', 'global leader', 'advanced technologies', 'big data', 'artificial intelligence', 'quantum technologies', 'confident future', 'security domains', 'critical role', 'driving force', 'The Group', 'digital identity', 'Transport business', 'April', 'Thales', 'HO', 'filing', 'AMF', 'company', 'website', 'Board', 'information', 'fees', 'certification', 'Chairman', 'person', 'connectivity', 'cybersecurity', 'development', 'societies', 'customers', 'businesses', 'organizations', 'governments', 'defense', 'aeronautics', 'space', 'solutions', 'services', 'products', 'consideration', 'individual', 'decisions', '77,0001 employees', '68 countries', 'sales', 'DIRECTION', 'COMMUNICATION', 'France', 'Tel.']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22093,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TOPDANMARK-A-S-1413041/news/Topdanmark-A-S-Guide-to-participation-in-virtual-AGM-2023-1-MB-43413346/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Topdanmark A/S : Guide to participation in virtual AGM 2023 (1 MB),(marketscreener.com)   GUIDE TO PARTICIPATION IN THE VIRTUAL ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING   Fully virtual annual general meeting   The general meeting will be held as a fully virtual general meeting without the possibility of physical attendance under the c…,"GUIDE TO PARTICIPATION IN THE VIRTUAL ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Fully virtual annual general meeting The general meeting will be held as a fully virtual general meeting without the possibility of physical attendance under the company's Articles of Association. All shareholders can participate via Euronext Securities' general meeting portal (""the general meeting portal""). During the general meeting  the shareholders can live stream  vote and submit questions in writing in the general meeting portal. Registration for the fully virtual general meeting Shareholders who want to participate in the general meeting must register for the fully virtual general meeting no later than 21 April 2023 at www.topdanmark.com → Investors → Investor service → InvestorPortalor by contacting Euronext Securities'  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  DK-1402 Copenhagen by email to CPH-investor@euronext.comor on Euronext Securities' website www.vp.dk/agm. Shareholders having registered for the general meeting will receive a confirmation by email: The email contains a link to the general meeting portal and information about the holding of the virtual general meeting and contact information of Euronext Securities  for technical support before and during the general meeting. Technical requirements in connection with the holding of the virtual general meeting Shareholders wanting to participate in the general meeting and having registered for the fully virtual general meeting  should ensure before the start of the general meeting that the device from which the shareholder participates in the general meeting  meets the requirements below: Browser/PC The virtual general meeting can be held in so-called 'evergreen browsers' on both PC/Mac  mobile and tablet/iPad. 'Evergreen browsers' (e.g. Edge  Chrome  Firefox and Opera) are browsers which automatically update to new versions. Likewise  Safari is supported even if it is not an evergreen browser. Apple-products The virtual general meeting functions in the four latest main versions of the Safari browser on Mac  iPhone and iPad (Safari versions 13 14  15 and 16). If the shareholder has older Apple equipment which may not update to a functional Safari version  the shareholder may install a Chrome browser and use this. Internet connection The quality of the transmission depends on the shareholder's supplier. The shareholder should as a minimum have a 5-10 Mbit/s connection to experience good transmission.It is recommended that the individual shareholders test their unit and internet connection by logging on to the general meeting portal well in advance before the general meeting begins. The general meeting portal is open for testing from the time the shareholder receives the confirmation email upon registration for the annual general meeting. Shareholders experiencing technical problems can contact the general meeting portal's hotline at Euronext Securities for assistance: Telephone: +45 43 58 88 94. Holding of the virtual general meeting The general meeting is held via the general meeting portal. The shareholder must log on to the portal to participate in the general meeting. Here  the shareholder can attend the general meeting via live streaming  write questions/submissions to the items on the agenda and cast their vote in case of any voting. Questions/submissions before the general meeting If the shareholder has any questions/submissions to the individual items on the agenda  the company requests the shareholder to send them in advance as this will facilitate the holding on the day of the general meeting. Questions/submissions are sent by email to the company at the email address aktieadm@topdanmark.dk. The question/submission will be read aloud and subsequently answered orally. Participation in a virtual general meeting The general meeting is transmitted through live streaming (webcast) in the general meeting portal. The shareholder must be logged on to the portal to be able to watch and participate in the general meeting. If a shareholder participates in the general meeting by proxy  the shareholder must inform the email address of the proxy holder  thus a link and a separate login for the general meeting portal can be sent directly via email to the proxy holder from Euronext Securities. The email will also include a guide on how to participate virtually in the general meeting. A shareholder or proxy holder can register participation in the general meeting with an accompanying person/advisor. Accompanying person/advisor should only be registered in case a separate login is requested. Together with a confirmation on the registration of the accompanying person/advisor  a link and a separate login for the general meeting portal will be sent directly to the shareholder for them to forward to the accompanying person/advisor. Questions/submissions during the general meeting After the presentation of each item on the agenda  as usual there will be the possibility of asking questions and provide submissions for the proposals. This will take place in writing through the general meeting portal and the shareholder must be logged on to the portal to write questions and submissions. Questions can be asked  and submissions can be sent via thegeneral meeting portal during the entire general meeting. It is recommended that questions/submissions are kept short and to the point. The shareholder's questions/submissions will be read aloud and subsequently be answered orally. Voting If an item on the agenda comes up for voting  this will be clearly specified on the general meeting portal. The shareholder must be logged on to the portal to cast their vote. If the shareholder has granted a power of attorney or made a postal vote prior to the general meeting  the shareholder has no possibility of voting at the general meeting. As voting and communication at the general meeting take place virtually  there may be delays in the electronic lines. In the extreme  these delays may last for up to a number of minutes. The chairperson of the general meeting will pay attention to this matter  however  the company undertakes no responsibility that a shareholder's questions  if any  comments  proposed changes  submissions or votes cast are received timely to be taken into account at the relevant item on the agenda. Webcast: The general meeting is also transmitted directly from Topdanmark's website https://topdanmark.com  but from there it is not possible to participate in the virtual general meeting. The transmission can also be viewed on the company's website after the general meeting.YOU CAN LOG INTO THE GENERAL MEETING PORTAL USING MITID (DANISH CITIZENS) OR VP-ID. 3",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.81,0.19,0.0,True,English,"['Topdanmark A/S', 'virtual AGM', 'Guide', 'participation', 'four latest main versions', ""Euronext Securities' general meeting portal"", 'VIRTUAL ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Nicolai Eigtveds Gade', 'older Apple equipment', 'virtual general meeting', ""Euronext Securities' website"", 'functional Safari version', '5-10 Mbit/s connection', 'new versions', 'Safari versions', 'physical attendance', 'Investor service', 'technical support', 'Internet connection', 'technical problems', 'live streaming', 'separate login', 'accompanying person/advisor', 'proxy holder', 'Safari browser', 'contact information', 'Technical requirements', 'good transmission', 'individual items', 'Evergreen browsers', 'email address', 'Chrome browser', 'individual shareholders', 'confirmation email', 'GUIDE', 'PARTICIPATION', 'THE', 'possibility', 'Articles', 'Association', 'All', 'questions', 'writing', 'Registration', '21 April', 'Investors', 'InvestorPortalor', 'Copenhagen', 'CPH-investor', 'agm', 'link', 'holding', 'start', 'device', 'Browser/PC', 'PC/Mac', 'mobile', 'tablet/iPad', 'Edge', 'Firefox', 'Opera', 'Apple-products', 'iPhone', 'quality', 'supplier', 'unit', 'advance', 'testing', 'time', 'hotline', 'assistance', 'Telephone', 'submissions', 'agenda', 'vote', 'case', 'voting', 'day', 'question/submission', 'webcast', 'presentation', 'proposals', 'place']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22094,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/d-kuple-strong-earnings-growth-060000531.html,DÉKUPLE: STRONG EARNINGS GROWTH IN 2022,STRONG EARNINGS GROWTH IN 2022 Net sales growth of +10.3% to €181.2m Gross margin up +7.5% to €144.8m EBITDA up +€3m to €23.3m  representing 16.1% of the...,ADLPARTNERSTRONG EARNINGS GROWTH IN 2022Net sales growth of +10.3% to €181.2mGross margin up +7.5% to €144.8mEBITDA up +€3m to €23.3m  representing 16.1% of the gross margin‏Consolidated net income up +€2.3m to €11.4mProposed dividend of €0.88 per share for FY 2022Ambition 2025: becoming a European leader for data marketingParis  3 April 2023 (8:00am) - ADLPartner  the parent company of the DÉKUPLE Group  a cross-channel data marketing expert  is reporting its full-year earnings for 2022.Bertrand Laurioz  Chairman and CEO: “2022 was a year full of unforeseen events  crises and opportunities. The energy crisis then the war in Ukraine impacted purchasing power in France  and consumption habits changed considerably in a very short space of time. Some of our clients have been very affected and have scaled back their marketing investments. Alongside this  the digitalization of companies and their marketing has continued to progress  and our solutions have continued to evolve  enabling our clients to adapt to this new context. Once again  our Group  founded 50 years ago  has successfully adapted and made 2022 a year of success.Despite the economic constraints  we achieved very solid financial performance levels  in line with our ambitions. Our consolidated net sales increased by +10.3% over the year  thanks in particular to the very strong progress made with Digital Marketing  which  with +28% net sales growth  now represents 52.5% of our net sales (versus 45% in 2021 and 36% in 2020)  as well as the robust performance by our portfolio-based activities  such as sales of magazine subscriptions and insurance policies  which we are continuing to invest in.The growth in our net sales and the optimization of our operational structures enabled the Group to achieve high levels of profitability in 2022  with EBITDA climbing +15% to €23.3m  representing 16.1% of our gross margin  and €11.4m of consolidated net income  with a 7.9% net margin. These good results once again reflect our Group’s sound foundations and the resilience of our diversified business model.Story continuesAlthough the general economic situation at the start of 2023 is still uncertain  we are continuing to diversify our activities  while ramping up our synergies and capitalizing on new complementary areas of technological expertise. We are continuing to further strengthen our data marketing leadership  illustrated in 2022 by our acquisitions of Brainsonic for engagement marketing and Smart Traffik and Duhno Marketing for our marketing engineering solutions and agency activities. Our increased capacity for innovation is helping us to capitalize more effectively on the Group’s many areas of technological expertise to support our clients and partners.Supported by our strong balance sheet and cash position  we are moving forward with our development with confidence  organically or through targeted acquisitions. In line with our Ambition 2025 plan to become a European leader for data marketing  we are perfectly positioned to maintain our roadmap for growth. Thanks to the dedication shown by more than 1 000 staff  we will be able to make 2023 another year of success”.KEY DEVELOPMENTSIn 2022  the DÉKUPLE Group recorded strong growth in its activities despite a challenging geopolitical and economic environment.The Digital Marketing business (marketing engineering solutions  agencies and consulting)  which represents 52.5% of consolidated net sales  confirmed its robust growth (+28%). This development is benefiting from the expansion of Converteo and its Consulting activities  against a backdrop of the digitalization and datafication of businesses and their marketing in particular. Despite the impact of the scaling back or deferral of certain campaigns  the Group continued to strengthen its Marketing Engineering Solutions and Agency activities through external growth  illustrated by the three operations completed during the year: i) the acquisition of a majority interest in September 2022 in Brainsonic  a leading engagement communications agency  ii) the acquisition of a majority stake in December 2022 in Smart Traffik  an in-store traffic measurement and presence management technology company  and iii) the application of agreements with provisions for the acquisition in 2023 of a stake in the capital of Duhno Marketing  a specialist BtoC customer marketing agency in China.The portfolio-based activities recorded solid performances despite an unfavorable environment. The Magazine business  down -6%  was marked by a significant drop in campaign yields  in line with the difficulties facing the press sector and the contraction in purchasing power for consumers. The business has continued moving forward with its marketing investments  while adapting and optimizing them in response to this situation  in addition to preparing for the future by setting up new partnerships and launching new offers. Alongside this  the Insurance business recorded +15% growth  driven by the full integration of strategic assets from the InsurTech firm Qape - KOVERS since the end of 2021 and the development of the health insurance offering.EARNINGSConsolidated net sales1 came to €181.2m  up +10.3% compared with 2021  while the gross margin2 is up +7.5% to €144.8m.Despite a context of sustained investments  with major recruitment efforts  restated EBITDA3 came to €23.3m  up +€3.0m from the previous year  to represent 16.1% of the full-year gross margin.Operating income came to €17.0m  representing 11.8% of the gross margin  compared with 11.0% in 2021. This progress primarily reflects the increase in earnings for the Digital Marketing business  the reduction in the accounting loss for the Insurance business  and the optimization of costs for the Magazine business.After factoring in a lower tax expense (€3.8m)  consolidated net income totaled €11.4m in 2022  up +25.1% from 2021. The net margin rate came to 7.9%  compared with 6.8% in 2021.After deducting minority interests  net income (Group share) totaled €10.9m  compared with €8.5m in 2021.Consolidated data (€m) 2020 2021 2022 Change2022/2021 Net sales 139.31 164.25 181.25 + 10.3% Gross margin 119.33 134.65 144.78 + 7.5% Restated EBITDA 3% of gross margin 14.6512.3% 20.3215.1% 23.3216.1% + 14.7% Income from ordinary operations% of gross margin 9.317.8% 14.8211.0% 17.0411.8% + 15.0% Consolidated net income% of gross margin 6.215.2% 9.116.8% 11.407.9% + 25.1% Net income (Group share)% of gross margin 6.495.4% 8.496.3% 10.897.5% + 28.3%FINANCIAL STRUCTUREConsolidated shareholders’ equity is up +€6.6m from 31 December 2021 to €37.3m at 31 December 2022  primarily reflecting earnings for the year (+€11.4m)  the ordinary dividend paid in June 2022 (-€3.5m)  various changes in the basis for consolidation (-€1.6m)  and the Impact of treasury shares and bonus share awards (+€0.5m).The Group had €58.5m of cash at 31 December 2022  compared with €42.0m at 31 December 2021. Financial debt totaled €50.9m  compared with €20.6m at 31 December 2021  including commitments to buy out minority interests in the Group’s subsidiaries. It also includes loans taken out during 2022 for a total of €23m based on pre-crisis interest rates  which represents a useful liquidity reserve with attractive cost levels for the Group to support its development.OUTLOOKDespite the geopolitical and economic crisis  the DÉKUPLE Group is continuing to roll out its Ambition 2025 strategy with a view to becoming a European leader for data marketing. With the financial resources in place  it is effectively positioned to continue with its commercial investments in its Magazine and Insurance activities to develop its portfolios of contracts generating recurrent revenues  while also supporting the development of its Digital Marketing solutions through organic and external growth.DIVIDENDConsidering the results achieved in 2022 and the investments planned for 2023  ADLPartner’s Board of Directors will submit a proposal at the General Shareholders’ Meeting on 16 June for a dividend of €0.88 per share for FY 2022  to be paid out on 23 June 2023.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe corporate and consolidated financial statements for 2022 were approved by the Board of Directors on 31 March 2023. The statutory auditors have completed the audit procedures on the corporate and consolidated accounts. The certification report will be issued once the necessary procedures have been finalized for publishing the full-year financial report.NEXT DATES2022 annual financial report on 14 April 2023 (after close of trading);2023 first-quarter net sales on 22 May 2023 (before start of trading)About DÉKUPLEFounded in 1972  DÉKUPLE is a major player for cross-channel data marketing. The Group designs  markets and implements customer acquisition  loyalty and relationship management services on its own behalf or for its partners and clients across all distribution channels. Its expert capabilities enable it to support brands with their marketing needs  and to create  on its own behalf  portfolios that generate recurrent revenues. The Group works with two-thirds of the companies from the CAC 40 and large numbers of mid-market firms.DÉKUPLE recorded net sales of €181.2m in 2022. Present in France  Spain  Portugal and China  the Group employs more than 1.000 people.DÉKUPLE is the commercial brand of ADLPartner  a French limited company (société anonyme) with a Board of Directors  listed on the regulated market Euronext Paris – Compartment C.ISIN: FR0000062978 - DKUPLwww.dekuple.comContactsDÉKUPLEInvestor Relations & Financial Informationtel: +33 (0)1 41 58 72 03 - relations.investisseurs@dekuple.comCALYPTUSCyril Combe - tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 - dekuple@calyptus.net1 Net sales (determined in line with the French professional status for subscription sales) only include the amount of remuneration paid by magazine publishers; for subscription sales  net sales therefore correspond to a gross margin  deducting the cost of magazines sold from the amount of sales recorded. For acquisition and management commissions linked to sales of insurance policies  net sales comprise current and future commissions issued  acquired by the accounting reporting date  net of cancellations.2 For the digital marketing business  the gross margin represents the total amount of net sales (total invoices issued: fees  commissions and purchases charged back to customers) less the total amount of costs for external purchases made on behalf of customers. It is equal to net sales for the magazine and insurance business lines.3 EBITDA (earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortization) is restated for the IFRS 2 impact of bonus share awards and the IFRS 16 impact relating to the restatement of lease charges.Attachment,neutral,0.09,0.59,0.33,mixed,0.47,0.17,0.36,True,English,"['STRONG EARNINGS GROWTH', 'DÉKUPLE', '2022', 'specialist BtoC customer marketing agency', 'presence management technology company', 'leading engagement communications agency', 'cross-channel data marketing expert', 'solid financial performance levels', 'The Digital Marketing business', 'store traffic measurement', 'Consolidated net income', 'diversified business model', 'The Magazine business', 'strong balance sheet', 'data marketing leadership', 'consolidated net sales', 'new complementary areas', 'DÉKUPLE Group', 'general economic situation', 'marketing engineering solutions', 'Net sales growth', 'STRONG EARNINGS GROWTH', 'engagement marketing', 'parent company', 'robust performance', 'high levels', 'solid performances', '7.9% net margin', 'Insurance business', 'agency activities', 'full-year earnings', 'strong progress', 'magazine subscriptions', 'many areas', 'strong growth', 'marketing investments', 'Duhno Marketing', 'economic constraints', 'economic environment', 'new context', 'new partnerships', 'new offers', 'Gross margin', 'European leader', 'Bertrand Laurioz', 'unforeseen events', 'energy crisis', 'purchasing power', 'consumption habits', 'short space', 'insurance policies', 'operational structures', 'good results', 'sound foundations', 'technological expertise', 'Smart Traffik', 'cash position', 'challenging geopolitical', 'robust growth', 'scaling back', 'external growth', 'three operations', 'majority interest', 'unfavorable environment', 'significant drop', 'campaign yields', 'press sector', 'full integration', 'strategic assets', 'InsurTech firm', 'portfolio-based activities', 'targeted acquisitions', 'Ambition 2025 plan', 'majority stake', 'Consulting activities', '+15% growth', 'ADLPARTNER', 'EBITDA', 'dividend', 'share', 'FY', 'Paris', '3 April', '00am', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'crises', 'opportunities', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'France', 'time', 'clients', 'digitalization', 'companies', 'success', 'line', 'ambitions', 'optimization', 'profitability', 'resilience', 'Story', 'start', 'synergies', 'Brainsonic', 'capacity', 'innovation', 'development', 'confidence', 'roadmap', 'dedication', '1,000 staff', 'agencies', 'expansion', 'Converteo', 'backdrop', 'datafication', 'businesses', 'impact', 'deferral', 'campaigns', 'September', 'December', 'application', 'agreements', 'provisions', 'capital', 'China', 'difficulties', 'contraction', 'consumers', 'response', 'addition', 'future', 'Qape', 'KOVERS', '2022', '2023']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22095,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/03/2639910/0/en/COFACE-SA-Disclosure-of-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-number-of-shares-in-the-capital-as-at-31-March-2023.html,COFACE SA: Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares in the capital as at 31 March 2023,COFACE SA: Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares in the capital as at 31 March 2023  Paris  3rd April 2023 – 17.45 Total...,About CofaceCOFACE SA is a société anonyme (joint-stock corporation)  with a Board of Directors (Conseil d’Administration) incorporated under the laws of France  and is governed by the provisions of the French Commercial Code. The Company is registered with the Nanterre Trade and Companies Register (Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés) under the number 432 413 599. The Company’s registered office is at 1 Place Costes et Bellonte  92270 Bois Colombes  France.At the date of 31 March 2023  the Company’s share capital amounts to €300 359 584  divided into 150 179 792 shares  all of the same class  and all of which are fully paid up and subscribed.All regulated information is available on the company’s website (http://www.coface.com/Investors).Coface SA. is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment AISIN: FR0010667147 / Ticker: COFA,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['COFACE SA', 'voting rights', 'total number', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', '31\xa0March', 'société anonyme', 'French Commercial Code', 'Sociétés', 'joint-stock corporation', 'Nanterre Trade', 'Companies Register', 'Registre du', 'registered office', '1 Place Costes', 'Bois Colombes', 'share capital', 'same class', 'regulated information', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment A', 'COFACE SA', 'The Company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Conseil', 'laws', 'France', 'provisions', 'Commerce', 'number', 'Bellonte', 'date', '31 March', '150,179,792 shares', 'website', 'Investors', 'ISIN', 'Ticker']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,globenewswire.com
22096,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/03/2639913/0/en/ARGAN-11-growth-in-rental-income-to-45m-in-Q1-2023.html,ARGAN : 11% growth in rental income to €45m in Q1 2023,Quarterly financial information – Monday 3rd April 2023 - 5h45 PM  11% growth in rental incometo €45m in Q1 2023  Rental income (IFRS) at 31 March 2023......,French EnglishQuarterly financial information – Monday 3rd April 2023 - 5h45 PM11% growth in rental incometo €45m in Q1 2023Rental income (IFRS) at 31 March 2023 (unaudited)M€ Exercise 2023 Exercise 2022 Evolution 1st quarter (January - March) 45 2 40 7 + 11%Rental income of €45.2m in Q1 2023In the first quarter of 2023  ARGAN  the French real estate company specialising in the development and rental of PREMIUM warehouses  recorded rental income of €45.2 million  a strong increase of 11% compared to the same period last year. This strong growth is mainly due to the full year effect of rents generated by developments in 2022  as well as the rent review on 1 January 2023.Significant events of the 1st quarter 2023During the first quarter of 2023  ARGAN continued its development by delivering in March a 38 000 sqm logistics platform located in Janneyrias (38)  near the airport of Lyon  on the front of the A432 motorway and leased to BUT  France's leading furniture retailer  for a fixed term of 9.5 years. This platform is equipped with presence-detecting LED lighting and a photovoltaic plant for self-consumption.In March  ARGAN also sold a 20 000 m² logistics platform located in Bonneuil (94).Finally  ARGAN joined the EPRA Europe index on 20 March 2023.A development pipeline of over €300m for 2023 and 2024ARGAN plans to deliver four new developments and one extension in 2023  representing an investment volume of €135 million for 100 000 sqm. All of these developments are already financed by amortising mortgages  which were taken out in 2022 before interest rates rose.For 2024  ARGAN has already secured a development volume of €175 million for 155 000 sqm.Half of this development is already financed by amortising mortgages  the other half will be financed by the sale of some warehouses at the end of 2024 or beginning of 2025  depending on market trends.A 2% cost of debtThe debt of ARGAN is composed of 32% fixed rate bonds  27% fixed rate amortising loans  33% hedged variable rate amortising loans and 8% variable rate amortising loans. The average cost of debt is 2% at 31 March 2023  taking into account a 3-month Euribor of 3%.No need for refinancing by 2026Our mortgage debt (68% of our debt at the end of 2022) has the advantage of amortising each year and does not require refinancing on the markets. Only our bond debt issued in 2021 will need to be refinanced in 2026. Planned in July 2023  the repayment of our €130m bond issued in 2017 is already provisioned without refinancing.Financial calendar 2023 (Press release to be issued after the stock exchange)3 rd July : Turnover for the 2 nd quarter 2023July : Turnover for the 2 quarter 2023 19 th July : Half-yearly results 2023July : Half-yearly results 2023 2nd October : Turnover for the 3rd quarter 2023About ArganARGAN is the only French real estate company specialized in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT. As of 31st December 2022  ARGAN’s portfolio amounted to 3.5 million s qm  comprising approximately 100 warehouses located exclusively in France  valued at €4.0 billion. ARGAN is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the CAC All-Share  IEIF SIIC France and EPRA Europ indices. The company opted for the listed real estate investment companies (SIICs) tax regime since 1st July 2007.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli - CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretaryPhone : +33 1 47 47 05 46E-mail : contact@argan.frwww.argan.frAude Vayre – Press RelationsPhone : + 33 6 14 64 15 65E-mail : argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['rental income', 'ARGAN', '11% growth', 'Q1', 'real estate investment companies', 'variable rate amortising loans', 'French real estate company', '27% fixed rate amortising loans', '32% fixed rate bonds', 'full year effect', 'leading furniture retailer', 'presence-detecting LED lighting', 'EPRA Europe index', '3.5 million s qm', 'EPRA Europ indices', 'SIICs) tax regime', 'Aymar de Germay', 'Quarterly financial information', 'Monday 3rd April', '20,000 m² logistics platform', 'four new developments', 'IEIF SIIC France', 'Evolution 1st quarter', '38,000 sqm logistics platform', 'French English', 'fixed term', 'investment volume', 'Financial calendar', '3rd quarter', 'first quarter', 'strong increase', 'same period', 'rent review', 'Significant events', 'A432 motorway', 'photovoltaic plant', 'one extension', 'interest rates', 'market trends', 'A 2% cost', 'average cost', '3-month Euribor', '€130m bond', 'Press release', 'stock exchange', '2 nd quarter', 'Half-yearly results', '2nd October', '31st December', 'Compartment A', 'CAC All-Share', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'General Secretary', 'Aude Vayre', 'Press Relations', 'rental income', '1st July', 'PREMIUM warehouses', 'strong growth', 'other half', 'Euronext Paris', 'development pipeline', 'development volume', 'mortgage debt', 'bond debt', '3 rd July', '2 quarter', '100,000 sqm', '155,000 sqm', '11% growth', '100 warehouses', '5h45', 'Q1', 'IFRS', '31 March', '€ Exercise', 'January', 'ARGAN', 'rents', 'Janneyrias', 'airport', 'Lyon', 'front', 'BUT', '9.5 years', 'self-consumption', 'Bonneuil', '20 March', 'mortgages', 'sale', 'beginning', 'account', 'refinancing', 'advantage', 'markets', 'repayment', 'Turnover', 'portfolio', 'CFO', 'Phone', 'mail', 'Attachment', '2022']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,globenewswire.com
22097,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGAN-53235/news/ARGAN-11-growth-in-rental-income-to-45m-in-Q1-2023-43417144/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,ARGAN : 11% growth in rental income to 45m in Q1 2023,(marketscreener.com)  Quarterly financial information – Monday 3rd April 2023 - 5h45 PM 11% growth in rental incometo €45m in Q1 2023 Rental income at 31 March 2023 M€Exercise 2023Exercise 2022Evolution1st quarter 45 240 7+ 11% Rental income of €45.2m in Q1 …,Quarterly financial information – Monday 3rd April 2023 - 5h45 PM11% growth in rental incometo €45m in Q1 2023Rental income (IFRS) at 31 March 2023 (unaudited)M€ Exercise 2023 Exercise 2022 Evolution 1st quarter (January - March) 45 2 40 7 + 11%Rental income of €45.2m in Q1 2023In the first quarter of 2023  ARGAN  the French real estate company specialising in the development and rental of PREMIUM warehouses  recorded rental income of €45.2 million  a strong increase of 11% compared to the same period last year. This strong growth is mainly due to the full year effect of rents generated by developments in 2022  as well as the rent review on 1 January 2023.Significant events of the 1st quarter 2023During the first quarter of 2023  ARGAN continued its development by delivering in March a 38 000 sqm logistics platform located in Janneyrias (38)  near the airport of Lyon  on the front of the A432 motorway and leased to BUT  France's leading furniture retailer  for a fixed term of 9.5 years. This platform is equipped with presence-detecting LED lighting and a photovoltaic plant for self-consumption.In March  ARGAN also sold a 20 000 m² logistics platform located in Bonneuil (94).Finally  ARGAN joined the EPRA Europe index on 20 March 2023.A development pipeline of over €300m for 2023 and 2024ARGAN plans to deliver four new developments and one extension in 2023  representing an investment volume of €135 million for 100 000 sqm. All of these developments are already financed by amortising mortgages  which were taken out in 2022 before interest rates rose.For 2024  ARGAN has already secured a development volume of €175 million for 155 000 sqm.Half of this development is already financed by amortising mortgages  the other half will be financed by the sale of some warehouses at the end of 2024 or beginning of 2025  depending on market trends.A 2% cost of debtThe debt of ARGAN is composed of 32% fixed rate bonds  27% fixed rate amortising loans  33% hedged variable rate amortising loans and 8% variable rate amortising loans. The average cost of debt is 2% at 31 March 2023  taking into account a 3-month Euribor of 3%.No need for refinancing by 2026Our mortgage debt (68% of our debt at the end of 2022) has the advantage of amortising each year and does not require refinancing on the markets. Only our bond debt issued in 2021 will need to be refinanced in 2026. Planned in July 2023  the repayment of our €130m bond issued in 2017 is already provisioned without refinancing.Financial calendar 2023 (Press release to be issued after the stock exchange)3 rd July : Turnover for the 2 nd quarter 2023July : Turnover for the 2 quarter 2023 19 th July : Half-yearly results 2023July : Half-yearly results 2023 2nd October : Turnover for the 3rd quarter 2023About ArganARGAN is the only French real estate company specialized in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT. As of 31st December 2022  ARGAN’s portfolio amounted to 3.5 million s qm  comprising approximately 100 warehouses located exclusively in France  valued at €4.0 billion. ARGAN is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the CAC All-Share  IEIF SIIC France and EPRA Europ indices. The company opted for the listed real estate investment companies (SIICs) tax regime since 1st July 2007.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli - CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretaryPhone : +33 1 47 47 05 46E-mail : contact@argan.frwww.argan.frAude Vayre – Press RelationsPhone : + 33 6 14 64 15 65E-mail : argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.09,0.21,0.71,True,English,"['rental income', 'ARGAN', '11% growth', 'Q1', 'French real estate company', 'real estate investment companies', 'variable rate amortising loans', '27% fixed rate amortising loans', '32% fixed rate bonds', 'full year effect', 'leading furniture retailer', 'presence-detecting LED lighting', 'EPRA Europe index', '3.5 million s qm', 'EPRA Europ indices', 'SIICs) tax regime', 'Aymar de Germay', 'Quarterly financial information', 'Monday 3rd April', '20,000 m² logistics platform', 'four new developments', 'IEIF SIIC France', 'Evolution 1st quarter', '38,000 sqm logistics platform', 'fixed term', 'investment volume', 'Financial calendar', '3rd quarter', 'first quarter', 'strong increase', 'same period', 'rent review', 'Significant events', 'A432 motorway', 'photovoltaic plant', 'one extension', 'interest rates', 'market trends', 'A 2% cost', 'average cost', '3-month Euribor', '€130m bond', 'Press release', 'stock exchange', '2 nd quarter', 'Half-yearly results', '2nd October', '31st December', 'Compartment A', 'CAC All-Share', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'General Secretary', 'Aude Vayre', 'Press Relations', 'rental income', '1st July', 'PREMIUM warehouses', 'strong growth', 'other half', 'Euronext Paris', 'development pipeline', 'development volume', 'mortgage debt', 'bond debt', '3 rd July', '2 quarter', '100,000 sqm', '155,000 sqm', '11% growth', '100 warehouses', '5h45', 'Q1', 'IFRS', '31 March', '€ Exercise', 'January', 'ARGAN', 'rents', 'Janneyrias', 'airport', 'Lyon', 'front', 'BUT', '9.5 years', 'self-consumption', 'Bonneuil', '20 March', 'mortgages', 'sale', 'account', 'need', 'refinancing', 'advantage', 'markets', 'repayment', 'Turnover', 'portfolio', 'CFO', 'Phone', 'mail', 'Attachment', '2022']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22098,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAFRAN-4696/news/Safran-Availability-of-Safran-s-2022-Universal-Registration-Document-URD-including-its-integrate-43417966/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Safran : Availability of Safran's 2022 Universal Registration Document (URD) including its integrated report,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Availability of Safran's 2022 Universal Registration Document including its integrated report   Paris  April 3  2023   Availability of the 2022 URD   Safran announces that the French version of its 2022 Uni…,"PRESS RELEASEAvailability of Safran's 2022 Universal Registration Document (URD) including its integrated reportParis  April 3  2023Availability of the 2022 URDSafran (Euronext Paris : SAF) announces that the French version of its 2022 Universal Registration Document was filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on March 31  2023  under number D.23-0209.This Universal Registration Document was filed according to the ESEF format (European Single Electronic Format) established by delegate regulation (EU) n°2019/815.From April 3rd  2023  this document (PDF and ESEF format) can be viewed on or downloaded from:Safran's website  at www.safran-group.com website and on the home page of the ""Finance"" section The French Financial Markets Authority's website  at www.amf-france.org .It is also available to the public  free of charge  upon request:By postal mail : Safran - Direction de la Communication Financière  2 bd du Général Martial Valin  75724 Paris Cedex 15.By e-mail: investor.relation@safrangroup.com .The 2022 Universal Registration Document includes notablythe following documents:the integrated report;the annual financial report including consolidated financial statements  parent company financial statements  management report and statutory Auditors' reports;the Board of Directors' report on corporate governance;information on fees paid to the Statutory Auditors;the Non-financial performance statement.The URD is also available in English (including the English version of the integrated report) on Safran's website  at www.safran-group.comnotably on the home page of the website and on the home page of the ""Finance"" section.Publication of the 2022 integrated reportSafran publishes an annual integrated report for the fifth consecutive year which constitutes the opening chapter of the Universal Registration Document. This report also exists in an ad-hoc version that can be viewed and downloaded from Safran's website at www.safran-group.comnotably on the home page of the website and on the home page of the ""Finance"" section.This document highlights Safran's ability to create value in the short  medium and long term for the benefit of its stakeholders. It outlines also Safran's activities and business model as well as its CSR policy  notably its climate strategy.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'integrated report', 'Safran', 'Availability', 'URD', 'Général Martial Valin', 'The French Financial Markets Authority', 'parent company financial statements', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'The 2022 Universal Registration Document', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Communication Financière', 'Non-financial performance statement', 'fifth consecutive year', ""statutory Auditors' reports"", 'annual financial report', 'French version', 'The URD', 'ESEF format', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'integrated report', 'delegate regulation', 'home page', 'Finance"" section', 'following documents', 'management report', ""Directors' report"", 'corporate governance', 'opening chapter', 'ad-hoc version', 'short, medium', 'long term', 'business model', 'CSR policy', 'climate strategy', 'Euronext Paris', 'Paris Cedex', 'postal mail', 'English version', '2022 URD Safran', 'Availability', 'April', 'AMF', 'March', 'number', 'PDF', 'website', 'safran-group', 'org', 'public', 'charge', 'request', 'Direction', '2 bd', 'investor', 'relation', 'safrangroup', 'Board', 'information', 'fees', 'value', 'benefit', 'stakeholders', 'activities']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22099,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/biosenic-appoints-lieven-huysse-md-053000728.html,BioSenic appoints Lieven Huysse  MD  as Chief Medical Officer,INSIDE INFORMATION Appointment to drive late-stage clinical development of BioSenic’s cell therapy and autoimmune disease platforms Mont-Saint-Guibert...,BioSenicINSIDE INFORMATIONAppointment to drive late-stage clinical development of BioSenic’s cell therapy and autoimmune disease platformsMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  April 3  2023  7.30 am CET – BIOSENIC (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the company specializing in serious autoimmune and inflammatory diseases and cell repair  today announces it has appointed Lieven Huysse  MD  as permanent Chief Medical Officer (CMO)  effective 17 April 2023.Lieven Huysse will succeed Michel Wurm’s  MD  who was appointed as CMO ad interim to drive forward the development of BioSenic’s platforms. Michel has been a key element in the development of Medsenic and BioSenic during the last 18 months.Lieven will be responsible for continued progression of both BioSenic late-stage assets:The ALLOB MSC platform using cells with immune privilege  anti-inflammatory properties and the ability to differentiate into bone tissues when injected into the specific bone sites to be regenerated or repaired. The Phase 2b trial of ALLOB  a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  will report decisive key results in Q2 2023. Lieven will help progress this trial to conclusion. This includes overall responsibility for liaising with the CRO nominated for the trial and liaising with investigators in the thirty-five trial centers across seven EU countries.For the autoimmune ATO platform  Lieven will also be focused on the start of the Phase 3 trial in cGvHD  as well as the Phase 2b trials in systemic lupus  and systemic sclerosis.“BioSenic is now driving hard to speed up clinical development across all our treatment platforms. We have now optimized statistical analysis and completed recruitment for our Phase 2b clinical trial with our allogeneic bone cell therapy product  ALLOB. For our lead API arsenic trioxide platform  designed to target serious inflammatory and autoimmune conditions  our Phase 3 trial in chronic Graft versus Host Disease is on track to start this year  and Phase 2b trials in two other indications  systemic lupus  and systemic sclerosis to start later on. We have also just announced we have gained more insight on the mechanism of action of ATO and optimized ideal formulations to maximize efficacy and minimize side effects for systemic sclerosis. In addition  we have re-evaluated the results of the Phase 3 trial of BioSenic’s enhanced viscosupplement JTA-004 targeting knee osteoarthritis  opening up fresh clinical development options ” said Prof. François Rieger  President and CEO of BioSenic. “As a result of these clinical progresses  this is an ideal time for us to appoint Lieven as CMO. His experience and expertise will be invaluable as we seek to bring therapies to patients suffering from a range of underserved conditions with few  if any  alternative therapeutic options. These next clinical developments will be key value creation milestones for BioSenic throughout 2023 and into 2024. In addition  these late-stage clinical progressions will enable BioSenic to start the process of engaging with industrial partners to co-develop late-stage clinical projects and to look at other targets of interest in autoimmune diseases and cancer. I would like to thank Michel for his invaluable and extensive contribution over the past months to continuing to push our pipeline of candidates.”Story continuesLieven has been selected as CMO for his extensive expertise in the biopharma and medical device industries. This includes the managing multi-center international clinical studies  including pre-market approval studies for submission to regulatory authorities including the US FDA  reimbursement authorities and Key Opinion Leaders management. He has gained over eight years of experience in immunology  as well as in the diabetes  allergy  cardiovascular and psychiatry sectors. He has 17 years of experience in the medical device sector with knee  hip and spine  as well as with trauma  cardiovascular and endovascular products. He has held senior leadership positions in a number of European headquarters  including in Belgium  Switzerland  Spain and the Netherlands. He has served as CMO for Anaconda Biomed S.L.  senior director of medical affairs at Intrinsic Therapeutics  Inc.  director of clinical and regulatory affairs at Wright Medical EMEA (now Microport®)  medical director for Menarini Group  global brand medical manager for Switzerland-based UCB Farchim  manager clinical Affairs EMEA at Stryker Corp. and Medical Advisor EMEA at Janssen.“BioSenic is now driving late-stage clinical development of two highly innovative platforms  and currently targeting four indications with its cell therapy and ATO platforms. BioSenic  after its merger  has brought together two teams that are cross-pollinating to rapidly advance this diverse pipeline through clinical development. As CMO  I will now be responsible for driving through clinical candidates that can impact a wide range of patients suffering from a variety of conditions and make a meaningful difference to the lives of large number of patients ” said Lieven Huysse  CMO  BioSenic. “These developments mean joining BioSenic as CMO is far too good an opportunity to miss. I will be able to make a significant contribution to further investigation of the medical characteristics and mechanisms of action of the therapies  and continue to expand BioSenic’s pipeline of indications  and move the late-stage trials in order to bring us towards the market as quickly as possible.”About BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from: (i)  the allogeneic cell therapy platform ALLOB and (ii) the Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform. Key target indications for the platforms include Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD)  Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  Systemic Sclerosis (SSc) and high-risk tibial fractures.Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combines the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger also enables Biosenic to add to its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair protection with an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/OATO.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About BioSenic technologyBioSenic’s technology is based on two main platforms:1) The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform  developed by BioSenic with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) that can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. Its current investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury after a single local injection. These cells are produced via a BioSenic's scalable manufacturing process. Following the CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  BioSenic has initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB is currently being evaluated in a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase IIb study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  using its optimized production process  after a successful first safety and efficacy study (Phase 1/2a) on fractured long bones  with late delayed union. The patient recruitment has been halted late February 2023 with 57 patients and the new rules permitted for statistical analysis should allow BioSenic to get the main results of this trial much earlier than anticipated in the original protocol  since they are expected by mid-2023.2) The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform developed by Medsenic. The immunomodulatory properties of ATO have demonstrated a double basic effect on cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T or other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several pro-inflammatory cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. GvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT). GvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune system that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. Medsenic had been successful in a Phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  allowing arsenic trioxide to be granted an orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA and is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with a new  IP protected  oral (OATO) formulation.Moderate to Severe forms of Systemic Lupus erythematosus (SLE) is another selected target  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastro-intestinal tract) in a Phase IIa study.Systemic Sclerosis is  in addition  part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive. This gives good grounds to launch a Phase II clinical protocol for this serious disease that badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and with no actual current effective treatment.In addition  BioSenic is developing an off-the-shelf next-generation improved viscosupplement  JTA-004  consisting of a unique combination of plasma proteins  hyaluronic acid - a natural component of knee synovial fluid  and a fast-acting analgesic. JTA-004 intends to provide added lubrication and protection to the cartilage of the arthritic joint and to alleviate osteoarthritic pain (OA) and inflammation. In March 2023  after the identification of new OA subtypes  BioSenic delivered a new post-hoc analysis of its Phase III JTA-004 trial on knee OA with positive action on the most severely affected patient population. This new post-hoc analysis changes the therapeutic profile of the molecule and potentially allows for the possibility of stratifying patients for a new  optimized Phase III clinical study. BioSenic  which does not intend to allocate R&D resources to support the clinical development of JTA-004 and will continue to focus its R&D activities on the development of its autoimmune (ATO) and cell therapy (ALLOB) platforms  is now seeking to collaborate with existing and potential partners to explore options for the future development of JTA-004 based on this new post-hoc analysis.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAFrançois Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comFor Belgian Media and Investor Enquiries:BepublicBert BouserieTel: +32 (0)488 40 44 77bert.bouserie@bepublicgroup.beFor International Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Media Enquiries:NewCap MediaAnnie-Florence LoyerTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 12afloyer@newcap.frFor French Investor Enquiries:Seitosei ActifinGhislaine GasparettoTel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22ggasparetto@actifin.frCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.63,0.1,0.27,True,English,"['Chief Medical Officer', 'Lieven Huysse', 'BioSenic', 'MD', 'lead API arsenic trioxide platform', 'managing multi-center international clinical studies', 'allogeneic bone cell therapy product', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study', 'Prof. François Rieger', 'Anaconda Biomed S.L.', 'key value creation milestones', 'Key Opinion Leaders management', 'permanent Chief Medical Officer', 'The ALLOB MSC platform', 'global brand medical manager', 'two highly innovative platforms', 'fresh clinical development options', 'Phase 2b clinical trial', 'pre-market approval studies', 'alternative therapeutic options', 'specific bone sites', 'high-risk tibial fractures', 'seven EU countries', 'viscosupplement JTA-004 targeting', 'medical device industries', 'medical device sector', 'Wright Medical EMEA', 'Switzerland-based UCB Farchim', 'Medical Advisor EMEA', 'Phase 2b trials', 'next clinical developments', 'late-stage clinical progressions', 'late-stage clinical projects', 'senior leadership positions', 'autoimmune ATO platform', 'decisive key results', 'thirty-five trial centers', 'clinical Affairs EMEA', 'late-stage clinical development', 'two other indications', 'CMO ad interim', 'autoimmune disease platforms', 'BioSenic late-stage assets', 'bone tissues', 'medical affairs', 'key element', 'two teams', 'Phase 3 trial', 'clinical progresses', 'cell repair', 'medical director', 'Host Disease', 'other targets', 'four indications', 'serious autoimmune', 'treatment platforms', 'autoimmune diseases', 'ATO platforms', 'clinical candidates', 'regulatory affairs', 'senior director', 'autoimmune conditions', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'Euronext Brussels', 'inflammatory diseases', 'last 18 months', 'continued progression', 'immune privilege', 'anti-inflammatory properties', 'overall responsibility', 'systemic lupus', 'systemic sclerosis', 'statistical analysis', 'serious inflammatory', 'chronic Graft', 'ideal formulations', 'side effects', 'ideal time', 'industrial partners', 'extensive contribution', 'past months', 'regulatory authorities', 'US FDA', 'reimbursement authorities', 'psychiatry sectors', 'endovascular products', 'European headquarters', 'Intrinsic Therapeutics', 'Menarini Group', 'Stryker Corp.', 'meaningful difference', 'underserved conditions', 'knee osteoarthritis', 'extensive expertise', 'eight years', 'diverse pipeline', 'wide range', 'large number', 'Michel Wurm', 'Lieven Huysse', '17 years', 'Appointment', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'CET', 'Paris', 'company', 'MD', 'Medsenic', 'cells', 'ability', 'patients', 'Q2', 'conclusion', 'CRO', 'investigators', 'start', 'cGvHD', 'recruitment', 'track', 'insight', 'mechanism', 'action', 'efficacy', 'addition', 'President', 'CEO', 'experience', 'process', 'interest', 'cancer', 'invaluable', 'Story', 'biopharma', 'submission', 'immunology', 'diabetes', 'allergy', 'cardiovascular', 'spine', 'trauma', 'Spain', 'Netherlands', 'Janssen', 'merger', 'variety', 'lives', '30']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22100,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/03/2640038/0/en/FL-Entertainment-Weekly-share-transactions.html,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – 3 April 2023  Share Transactions Disclosure  FL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions...,Press ReleaseParis – 3 April 2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 27 March to 31 March 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 30 June 2022.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-03-29 SELL 650 9.081538 5 903.00 XAMS 2023-03-30 SELL 70 9.185714 643.00 XAMS 2023-03-31 SELL 556 9.337734 5 191.78 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaQ1 2023 results: 30 May 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gaming  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2022  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and Adjusted EBITDA  of €4 047m and €670m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Q1 2023 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', '3 April', 'shares', '27 March', '31 March', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '30 June', 'Number', 'SELL', 'XAMS', 'company', 'website', 'flentertainment', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '30 May', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'gaming', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'EBITDA', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,globenewswire.com
22101,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SECO-S-P-A-122374812/news/7-Industries-in-Seco-s-share-capital-for-group-development-plans-43417149/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,7-Industries in Seco's share capital for group development plans,(marketscreener.com) Seco Spa announced Monday that its board of directors has resolved to increase the company's capital  for cash and in divisible form  by a maximum nominal amount of EUR65 million  including share premium  through the issuance of up to 13.…,(Alliance News) - Seco Spa announced Monday that its board of directors has resolved to increase the company's capital  for cash and in divisible form  by a maximum nominal amount of EUR65 million  including share premium  through the issuance of up to 13.8 million ordinary shares of Seco  equivalent to about 10.45 percent of the post-dilution share capital  reserved for 7-Industries Holding BV  a company under Dutch law.The subscription price of the newly issued shares is EUR4.69 corresponding to the average Seco share price recorded on Euronext Milan in the 30 calendar days prior to March 31  2023  to which a 3 percent discount is applied.Founded in 2007  7-Industries is Ruthi Wertheimer's family office  specializing in minority investments with a long-term horizon in innovative and advanced-technology entrepreneurial or family-owned companies  active in the Italian and European stock markets. Long active in Europe  7-Industries recognized Seco's unique position  innovative spirit and potential in the fast-growing IOT market and decided to join Seco as a shareholderof reference through a capital increase.Concurrently with the subscription of the Capital Increase  7-Industries purchased 355 366  355 366  and 355 366 ordinary shares of Seco  respectively  from DSA Srl  HSE Srl  and HCS Srl  totaling 0.8 percent of the post-dilution share capital  at the same price as the Capital Increase.Following the completion of the above transactions  7-Industries will hold a stake of approximately 11.25 percent of the post-dilution share capital.Seco rises 8.0 percent to EUR4.91 per share.By Claudia Cavaliere  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['group development plans', 'share capital', '7-Industries', 'Seco', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'average Seco share price', 'Alliance News reporter', 'maximum nominal amount', 'European stock markets', 'growing IOT market', 'post-dilution share capital', '13.8 million ordinary shares', '7-Industries Holding BV', 'share premium', 'same price', '355,366 ordinary shares', 'capital increase', 'subscription price', 'divisible form', 'Dutch law', 'Euronext Milan', '30 calendar days', 'Ruthi Wertheimer', 'family office', 'minority investments', 'long-term horizon', 'advanced-technology entrepreneurial', 'family-owned companies', 'unique position', 'DSA Srl', 'HSE Srl', 'HCS Srl', 'Claudia Cavaliere', 'Seco Spa', 'innovative spirit', '3 percent discount', '10.45 percent', '0.8 percent', '11.25 percent', 'board', 'directors', 'company', 'cash', 'issuance', 'March', 'potential', 'shareholder', 'reference', 'completion', 'transactions', 'stake', 'Comments', 'questions', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22102,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THALES-4715/news/Thales-appoints-Alice-Guitton-as-Vice-President-Northern-and-Central-Europe-43412010/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Thales : appoints Alice Guitton as Vice-President  Northern and Central Europe,(marketscreener.com)    Thales appoints Alice Guitton as Vice-President  Northern and Central Europe    03 Apr 2023    Share this article    Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn  ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THALES-4715/news/T…,"Thales appoints Alice Guitton as Vice-President  Northern and Central Europe 03 Apr 2023 Share this article FacebookTwitterLinkedInEffective April 1st  Alice Guitton has been appointed Vice-President  Northern and Central Europe region. In this role  she will be responsible for driving growth and serving customers in Thales' core markets of Defense & Security  Aeronautics & Space  and Digital Identity & Security.Alice Guitton began her career in 2000 at the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs  where she held successive diplomatic functions  notably working with international and European organisations. In 2012  she was appointed France's deputy permanent representative to NATO in Brussels  then  in 2015  French Ambassador and permanent representative to the Conference on Disarmament in Geneva. In 2018  she joined the French Ministry of Defence as Director General of International relations and Strategy.Alice Guitton holds respective degrees from the Ecole nationale de l'Administration  the Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris  as well as in Philosophy and History of Arts.""We are delighted to welcome Alice to this role. Her proven international experience can help make a decisive contribution to developing Thales in a region that presents strong growth opportunities for the Group. Under her leadership  Thales will continue to expand its regional footprint  invest in local innovation and talent  as well as strengthen partnerships with local industry and academia."" Pascale Sourisse  Senior Executive Vice-President  International DevelopmentAbout ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies within three domains: Defence & Security  Aeronautics & Space  and Digital Identity & Security. It develops products and solutions that help make the world safer  greener and more inclusive. The Group invests close to €4 billion a year in Research & Development  particularly in key areas such as quantum technologies  Edge computing  6G and cybersecurity. Thales has 77 000 employees in 68 countries. In 2022  the Group generated sales of €17.6 billion.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Alice Guitton', 'Central Europe', 'Thales', 'Vice-President', 'Northern', 'successive diplomatic functions', 'deputy permanent representative', 'proven international experience', 'strong growth opportunities', 'Senior Executive Vice-President', ""Thales' core markets"", 'Central Europe region', 'Digital Identity', 'French Ministry', 'Foreign Affairs', 'European organisations', 'French Ambassador', 'Director General', 'International relations', 'respective degrees', 'Ecole nationale', 'Etudes Politiques', 'decisive contribution', 'regional footprint', 'local innovation', 'local industry', 'Pascale Sourisse', 'global leader', 'advanced technologies', 'three domains', 'key areas', 'quantum technologies', 'Edge computing', 'Alice Guitton', 'International Development', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Group', 'Northern', 'Apr', 'article', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'role', 'customers', 'Defense', 'Security', 'Aeronautics', 'Space', 'career', 'France', 'NATO', 'Brussels', 'Conference', 'Disarmament', 'Geneva', 'Defence', 'Strategy', 'Administration', 'Institut', 'Philosophy', 'History', 'Arts', 'leadership', 'talent', 'partnerships', 'academia', 'HO', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'Research', '6G', '77,000 employees', '68 countries', 'sales']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22103,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/03/2639909/0/en/Fnac-Darty-Information-on-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-March-31-2023.html,Fnac Darty: Information on the total number of voting rights and shares March 31  2023,Ivry  April 3rd  2023    Regulated information    INFORMATION ON THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES     Statement in compliance with article...,English FrenchIvry  April 3rd  2023Regulated informationINFORMATION ON THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESStatement in compliance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial code and article 223- 16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF – Autorité des marchés financiers)Stock Market Euronext ParisISIN Code FR0011476928DateTotal number of shares composing the share capital of the company Total number of gross voting rightsTotal number of net voting rights (*) 31/03/2023 26 871 853 26 871 853 26 702 637(*) Net = After deduction of the shares deprived of voting rightIn accordance with Article 9 of the Company's Articles of Association  any physical or legal person  acting alone or in concert  who comes to hold  or ceases to hold  directly or indirectly  a percentage of the company's capital or voting rights equal to or greater than 3% or any multiple of 1% above 3%  is required to inform the company by registered letter with return receipt requested within the time limit provided for in Article R. 233-1 of the French Commercial Code (i.e.  as of today  at the latest before the close of trading on the fourth trading day following the day on which the shareholding threshold is crossed).Under the terms of the twentieth resolution of the General Meeting of 29 May 2015  it was decided not to grant any double voting rights as instituted by law 2014-384 of 29 March 2014.CONTACTANALYSTS /INVESTORS investisseurs@fnacdarty.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['Fnac Darty', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', 'Stock Market Euronext Paris', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'des marchés financiers', 'French commercial code', 'gross voting rights', 'double voting rights', 'net voting rights', 'fourth trading day', 'English French', 'ISIN Code', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'General Regulation', 'legal person', 'return receipt', 'time limit', 'shareholding threshold', 'twentieth resolution', 'General Meeting', 'INVESTORS investisseurs', 'Regulated information', 'article L.', 'share capital', 'Article R.', '29 March', 'Ivry', 'April', 'THE', 'SHARES', 'Statement', 'compliance', 'AMF', 'Date', 'company', 'deduction', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'physical', 'concert', 'percentage', 'letter', 'today', 'close', 'terms', '29 May', 'law', 'CONTACT', 'ANALYSTS', 'Attachment']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,globenewswire.com
22104,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/stocks/news/cci-approves-haldiram-group-merger-plan/articleshow/99221057.cms,CCI approves Haldiram group merger plan,India's fair-trade regulator  the Competition Commission of India (CCI)  has approved three deals  including a merger involving Dutch biotechnology company Koninklijke DSM  fragrance and flavour developer Firmenich International​  the demerger of the FMCG bus…,The Competition Commission of India ( CCI ) on Monday approved the proposed combination involving the demerger of the FMCG business of Haldiram Snacks and Haldiram Foods into Haldiram Snacks Food.Haldiram Snacks Pvt Ltd ( HSPL ) and Haldiram Foods International Pvt Ltd ( HFIPL ) are engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of packaged foods products.The proposed combination involves demerger of FMCG businesses of HSPL and HFIPL (currently housed under HSPL and HFIPL and their various associates / subsidiaries)  through an NCLT-approved scheme of arrangement  according to an official release.Upon completion of the demerger  the existing shareholders of HSPL and HFIPL will acquire 56 per cent and 44 per cent shareholding in Haldirams Snacks Food Pvt Ltd (HSFPL)  the release said.Post the transaction  HSFPL a newly incorporated entity would undertake the FMCG business i.e currently undertaken by HFIPL and HSPL  respectively.The fair-trade regulator CCI also cleared the merger between Koninklijke DSM NV (DSM) and Firmenich International SA (Firmenich). DSM is the ultimate parent company of the DSM group which is active in nutrition  health and bioscience.The proposed combination involves a merger between DSM and Firmenich to form DSM-Firmenich  a Swiss-domiciled company whose shares are proposed to be listed on Euronext Amsterdam  according to a release.Firmenich is engaged in the production and supply of fragrances  flavours  aroma chemicals  rosin resin and turpentine.Separately  the Competition Commission of India (CCI) has approved a share swap for the acquisition of the C-Flex India entities by SBP from C-Flex. SBP Packagings (SBP) is engaged in the manufacturing of flexible packaging materials and is an affiliate of Premji Invest Group.In another release  the regulator said it has cleared the deal. The proposed combination relates to the acquisition of entire shareholding of six entities by SBP Packagings (SBP).The regulator also approved the acquisition of certain shareholding in SBP by C-Flex.C-Flex group is engaged in the production and sale of flexible packaging materials and is ultimately owned and controlled by Wendel SE. Deals beyond a certain threshold require the approval of CCI.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Haldiram group merger plan', 'CCI', 'Haldirams Snacks Food Pvt Ltd', 'Haldiram Foods International Pvt Ltd', 'Haldiram Snacks Pvt Ltd', 'Haldiram Snacks Food', 'flexible packaging materials', 'Premji Invest Group', 'Firmenich International SA', 'ultimate parent company', 'The Competition Commission', 'C-Flex.C-Flex group', 'Koninklijke DSM NV', '44 per cent shareholding', 'C-Flex India entities', 'foods products', '56 per cent', 'Swiss-domiciled company', 'six entities', 'DSM group', 'FMCG business', 'various associates', 'NCLT-approved scheme', 'existing shareholders', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'aroma chemicals', 'rosin resin', 'share swap', 'entire shareholding', 'Wendel SE', 'fair-trade regulator', 'SBP Packagings', 'official release', 'CCI', 'Monday', 'combination', 'demerger', 'HSPL', 'HFIPL', 'manufacturing', 'distribution', 'subsidiaries', 'arrangement', 'completion', 'HSFPL', 'transaction', 'entity', 'nutrition', 'health', 'bioscience', 'DSM-Firmenich', 'shares', 'production', 'supply', 'fragrances', 'flavours', 'turpentine', 'acquisition', 'affiliate', 'deal', 'sale', 'threshold', 'approval']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,economictimes.indiatimes.com
22105,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRAWELL-CO-S-P-A-61871328/news/TraWell-Co-The-board-of-directors-approves-the-new-2023-2027-strategic-plan-and-communicates-the-pr-43418245/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,TraWell Co: The board of directors approves the new 2023-2027 strategic plan and communicates the preliminary data for 2022  with EBITDA at 6.8 million euros (+50% compared to the previous plan).,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES THE NEW 2023-2027 STRATEGIC PLAN AND COMMUNICATES THE PRELIMINARY DATA FOR 2022  WITH EBITDA AT 6.8 MILLION EUROS .   THE COMPANY ALSO APPROVES THE UPDATE OF THE FINANCIAL CALENDAR…,"PRESS RELEASE THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES THE NEW 2023-2027 STRATEGIC PLAN AND COMMUNICATES THE PRELIMINARY DATA FOR 2022  WITH EBITDA AT 6.8 MILLION EUROS (+50% COMPARED TO THE PREVIOUS PLAN). THE COMPANY ALSO APPROVES THE UPDATE OF THE FINANCIAL CALENDAR  THE APPOINTMENT OF THE NEW INVESTOR RELATOR AND UPDATES THE PROCEDURE FOR THE APPOINTMENT OF THE INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Milan  3 April 2023 - TraWell Co S.p.A. (Borsa Italiana  Ticker: TWL  OTCQX New York  Ticker TRWAF)  the leading provider of protection services  baggage storage  products  and ancillary services (including the Lost Luggage Concierge service provided by Sostravel.com)  announces that the Board of Directors  held today  resolved on the following matters. 1.- Update of the 2023-2027 Strategic Plan based on the 2022 management preliminary data. The Board of Directors also approved the New 2023-2027 Business Plan  referred to in the following summary  which will be presented to the investors  as per the update Financial Calendar  in the web conference scheduled for 5 April. The positive revision of the Plan starts from the preliminary final management results of 2022 which include the following elements: Over 26 million euros in revenues with a 33% growth over 2021  thanks to the new network of concessionswith a 33% growth over 2021  thanks to the new network of concessions EBITDA of 6.8 million euros . The margin in 2022 stood at around 25%  more than double that of 2021  because of cost cuts  and thanks to the performance of North American airports and the recovery in world passenger traffic.. The margin in 2022 stood at around 25%  more than double that of 2021  because of cost cuts  and thanks to the performance of North American airports and the recovery in world passenger traffic. EBIT of 1.8 million euros   up 80% compared to 2021Net result unchanged due to some necessary goodwill write-downswrite-downs NFP debt down by 20% compared to 2021 due to the repayment of bank loans with the cash flows produced by management. Based on the 2022 preliminary final data described above  management has made the following updates to the 2023-2027 Business Plan with respect to the previous development: Revenues up by an average of 27% in the period 2023-2027 compared to the previous plan.in the period 2023-2027 compared to the previous plan. EBITDA: +66% in 2022 compared to the previously forecast value  up on average by 37% in the period 2023-2027 compared to the previous plan.in 2022 compared to the previously forecast value  up on average by 37% in the period 2023-2027 compared to the previous plan. Net result up 48% in 2023  up on average by 31% in the period 2023-2027 compared to the previous plan.in 2023  up on average by 31% in the period 2023-2027 compared to the previous plan. NFP clearly improving   with a positive balance already expected in 2025 instead of 2026 in the previous plan.Piano Industriale 2027 ad ottobre 2022 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Revenues 21 23 6 25 8 27 2 28 8 31 2 EBITDA 4 1 4 6 5 4 6 6 4 7 EBIT 3 8 4 4 9 5 5 6 1 6 7 P&L 3 1 2 7 3 6 4 1 4 6 5 NFP (Cashflow) 7 6 5 7 3 1 0 4 -2 8 -6 8 Piano Industriale 2027 Aggiornato ad aprile 23 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Revenues 26 6 31 1 33 6 34 8 35 9 37 8 EBITDA 6 8 6 5 7 9 8 2 8 5 9 1 EBIT 1 8 5 5 7 7 4 7 7 8 4 P&L 0 7 4 5 5 2 5 5 6 1 NFP (Cashflow) 7 4 4 4 0 5 -2 2 -5 4 -8 1 The updated 2023-2027 Business Plan is available on the company's website https://www.trawellco.com/en/investors/ It should be noted that the accounting data relating to 31 December 2022 present in the press release are preliminary management figures and have not  to date  been audited. The draft financial statements (with the related reports) and the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 will be examined  as per the financial calendar  during the meeting of the board of directors scheduled for 27 April 2023. and will be subject to legal auditing by Audirevi S.r.l. ****** ""In these six months  the Group has demonstrated its ability to implement the Plan presented in October 2022. We have achieved the objectives ahead of time  bringing shareholders a strong acceleration of EBITDA  through internal growth"" - comments Rudolph Gentile  Chief Executive Officer of Trawell Co. - ""Above all  the current and prospective contribution of Malpensa and Linate have allowed the positive revision of the economic-financial objectives up to 2027  but also the operational adjustments to the global network of commercial concessions."" Gentile concludes: ""This plan also does not envisage acquisitions or the winning of new airport concessions  therefore we hope to be able to continue to bring positive updates in the near future."" 2.- Update of the Financial Calendar: meeting with investors In today's meeting  the Board of Directors updated the financial calendar (already approved during the meeting of 23 January 2023 referred to in the press release of the same date)  with the inclusion of the meeting with investors and financial analysts scheduled for next 5 April 2023 at 3.00 pm CEST. TraWell will meet investors and financial analysts in virtual mode to discuss the results relating to the preliminary operating results as at 31 December 2022 and updates to the 2023-2027 Strategic Plan.Rudolph Gentile  President and Chief Executive Officer (as well as IR)  Gianluca Farioli  CFO  and Edoardo Zarghetta  IR Advisor  will be present and it will be possible to participate by connecting to the following Zoom Webinar link https://us06web.zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_1KzIVl9yRmSjZ6OriYyTVg Any documentation relating to the event will be made available on the day of the Web Conference on the website https://www.trawellco.com/en/investors/ in the ""Company Presentations"" section and subsequently on the website www.borsaitaliana.it and www.otcmarkets.com  in the Actions/Documents section. As a result of this update  pursuant to art. 17 of the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulation  the Company announces that the following Financial Calendar: 5 April 2023  3.00 pm: web conference to discuss the results relating to the preliminary operating results as of 31 December 2022 and updates to the 2023-2027 Strategic Plan.2023-2027 Strategic Plan. 27 April 2023: Board of Directors for the approval of the draft financial statements and consolidated financial statements 2022.30 and 31 May 2023 (1st and 2nd call): ordinary shareholders' meeting to approve the 2022 financial statements.28 September 2023: Board of Directors for the approval of the half-year financial report as at 30 June 2023. The updated financial calendar is available on the company's website https://www.trawellco.com/en/investors/ 3.- Appointment of Investor Relator The Board of Directors  today  as part of the reorganization of the duties relating to the management of relations with investors  has appointed  with effect from today  Mr. Rudolph Gentile as ""Investor Relator""  replacing Mr. David Debach  who had previously resigned from the function  to continuously oversee the relationship with the market. 4.- Update of the procedure for acquiring the prior opinion of the Euronext Growth Advisor (EGA) regarding the proposal for the appointment of independent director(s) of the Company The Company informs that  today  the Board of Directors  with the consent of the Euronext Growth Advisor Baldi & Partners  has approved the new ""Procedure for the acquisition of the prior opinion of the Euronext Growth Advisor (EGA) regarding the proposal of appointment of independent director(s) of Trawell"" (the ""Procedure""). In particular  the Procedure  adopted by the Issuer on a voluntary basis  intends to illustrate the process by which: the. the Requesting Shareholders (as defined in paragraph 3 of the Procedure) who intend to present a list for the election of the members of the Board of Directors (the ""List"") can obtain  before filing the List pursuant to art. 16.6 of the Statute  the prior opinion of the EGA pursuant to art. 6-bis  Part One  of the EGM Issuers' Regulations in relation to the possession of the Independence Requirements by the candidate(s) Independent Director(s) that the Requesting Shareholders intend to indicate in the List (the ""Preliminary Opinion"");",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.71,0.09,0.21,True,English,"['new 2023-2027 strategic plan', 'previous plan', 'TraWell Co', 'preliminary data', '6.8 million euros', 'board', 'directors', 'EBITDA', '2022', 'TraWell Co S.p.A.', 'Lost Luggage Concierge service', 'Audirevi S.r.l.', 'preliminary final management results', 'New 2023-2027 Business Plan', 'INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Milan', 'North American airports', 'world passenger traffic', 'necessary goodwill write-downs', '2022 preliminary final data', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'NEW INVESTOR RELATOR', 'OTCQX New York', 'preliminary management figures', 'draft financial statements', 'consolidated financial statements', '2022 management preliminary data', '2023-2027 Strategic Plan', 'new airport concessions', 'Trawell Co.', 'update Financial Calendar', 'P&L', 'new network', 'accounting data', 'financial analysts', 'PREVIOUS PLAN', 'PRESS RELEASE', '6.8 MILLION EUROS', 'Borsa Italiana', 'leading provider', 'protection services', 'baggage storage', 'ancillary services', 'Sostravel.com', 'web conference', 'positive revision', '26 million euros', 'cost cuts', '1.8 million euros', 'Net result', 'bank loans', 'cash flows', 'previous development', 'positive balance', 'Piano Industriale', 'related reports', 'legal auditing', 'six months', 'strong acceleration', 'prospective contribution', 'operational adjustments', 'global network', 'positive updates', 'near future', 'following matters', 'following elements', 'following updates', 'commercial concessions', 'Ticker TRWAF', 'Rudolph Gentile', 'economic-financial objectives', 'same date', 'internal growth', 'NFP debt', 'next 5 April', '33% growth', '27 April', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', 'EBITDA', 'THE', 'COMPANY', 'APPOINTMENT', 'PROCEDURE', 'TWL', 'products', 'summary', 'investors', 'revenues', 'margin', 'performance', 'recovery', 'repayment', 'respect', 'average', 'period', 'value', 'ottobre', 'Cashflow', 'aprile', '1 EBIT', 'website', '31 December', 'year', 'meeting', 'Group', 'ability', 'October', 'time', 'shareholders', 'comments', 'current', 'Malpensa', 'Linate', 'acquisitions', 'winning', 'today', '23 January', 'inclusion', '2021', '3.00']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22106,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-confirms-that-Scheme-Amendment-Conditions-have-been-satisfied-43410907/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,VEON confirms that Scheme Amendment Conditions have been satisfied,(marketscreener.com) VEON Ltd. and VEON Holdings B.V. VEON confirms that Scheme Amendment Conditions have been satisfied Amsterdam  Netherlands  3 April 2023 07:05 CEST: VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online ser…,VEON Ltd. and VEON Holdings B.V.VEON confirms that Scheme Amendment Conditions have been satisfiedAmsterdam  Netherlands  3 April 2023 07:05 CEST: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  and its subsidiary  VEON Holdings B.V. (the “Company”)  are pleased to announce that  further to the announcement issued on 31 January 2023 regarding the Scheme becoming effective  each of the Amendment Conditions has been satisfied in accordance with the terms of the Scheme  including receipt by the Company of all authorisations and/or licences necessary to implement the amendments to the 2023 Notes (as set out in the Scheme).The Company is therefore proceeding with the steps required to implement the amendments to the 2023 Notes in accordance with the terms of the Scheme and anticipates that the amendments to the 2023 Notes will become effective tomorrow  4 April. The Company will provide a further announcement once the Amendment Effective Time has occurred.Anticipated process and timelineThe table below sets out the anticipated key dates in respect of the implementation of the amendments to the 2023 Notes (as set out in the Scheme) and the Put Right in respect of the Amended 2023 Notes.Key date Steps 4 April 2023 Amendments to the 2023 Notes (as set out in the Scheme) are implemented and become effective. Occurrence of the Amendment Effective Time and the Amendment Effective Date 5 April 2023 Issuance of the 2023 Put Option Event Notice (as defined in the Amended 2023 Notes Trust Deeds)  which will among other things provide further details on  and instructions on how to exercise  the Put Right in respect of the Amended 2023 Notes 5 April 2023 Commencement of the 2023 Put Option Period (as defined in the Amended 2023 Notes Trust Deeds) 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on 19 April 2023 Expiry of the 2023 Put Option Period (as defined in the Amended 2023 Notes Trust Deeds) 26 April 2023 2023 Put Option Settlement Date (as defined in the Amended 2023 Notes Trust Deeds)Capitalised terms used but not defined in this announcement have the meaning given to them in the Explanatory Statement issued by the Company on 21 December 2022  as amended on 11 January 2023  which is available on the Scheme Website at https://deals.is.kroll.com/veon .About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .Important NoticeThis release is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute a prospectus or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction  nor shall there be any offer of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under applicable securities laws.This press release is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.This communication or information contained herein is not an offer  or an invitation to make offers  to sell  exchange or otherwise transfer securities in the Russian Federation to or for the benefit of any Russian person or entity and does not constitute an advertisement or offering of securities in the Russian Federation within the meaning of Russian securities laws.Elements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 with respect to VEON Holdings B.V.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON disclaims any obligation to update them or to announce publicly any revision to any of the forward-looking statements contained in this release  or to make corrections to reflect future events or developments  other than as set forth above or as required by U.S. securities regulations.Any steps taken in respect of the Scheme and in connection with the Amendments and the Put Right must be in compliance with all applicable sanctions laws and regulations  including the sanctions laws and regulations administered by the European Union  the United Kingdom and the United States  and including securing any necessary licences and approvals from competent sanctions authorities.,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,mixed,0.3,0.14,0.56,True,English,"['Scheme Amendment Conditions', 'VEON', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'VEON Holdings B.V.', 'Amended 2023 Notes Trust Deeds', 'U.S. securities regulations', '2023 Put Option Event Notice', 'Put Option Settlement Date', '2023 Put Option Period', 'global digital operator', 'New York time', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'Amendment Effective Time', 'competent sanctions auth', 'Amendment Effective Date', 'applicable sanctions laws', 'applicable securities laws', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Russian securities laws', 'Key date Steps', 'Scheme Amendment Conditions', 'Important Notice', 'Put Right', 'key dates', 'Russian Federation', 'Russian person', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'Anticipated process', 'other things', 'Explanatory Statement', '200 million customers', 'economic growth', 'United States', 'forward-looking statements', 'historical facts', 'future events', 'European Union', 'United Kingdom', 'VEON Ltd', 'informational purposes', 'other jurisdiction', 'necessary licences', 'Capitalised terms', 'Scheme Website', 'inside information', 'press release', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'The Company', 'Netherlands', '3 April', 'CEST', 'NASDAQ', 'subsidiary', 'announcement', '31 January', 'accordance', 'receipt', 'authorisations', 'amendments', 'timeline', 'table', 'respect', 'implementation', 'Occurrence', 'Issuance', 'details', 'instructions', 'Commencement', '19 April', 'Expiry', '26 April', 'meaning', '21 December', '11 January', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'prospectus', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'registration', 'qualification', 'communication', 'invitation', 'benefit', 'entity', 'advertisement', 'Elements', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'obligation', 'revision', 'corrections', 'developments', 'connection', 'compliance', 'approvals', '07', '5:00']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22107,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-obtains-remaining-licences-required-to-amend-its-2023-Notes-and-extend-their-maturities-43410867/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,VEON obtains remaining licences required to amend its 2023 Notes and extend their maturities,(marketscreener.com) VEON Ltd. and VEON Holdings B.V. VEON obtains remaining licences required to amend its 2023 Notes and extend their maturities Amsterdam  Netherlands  3 April 2023 07:00 CEST: VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged c…,VEON Ltd. and VEON Holdings B.V.VEON obtains remaining licences required to amend its 2023 Notes and extend their maturitiesAmsterdam  Netherlands  3 April 2023 07:00 CEST: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  and its subsidiary  VEON Holdings B.V. (the “Company”)  are pleased to announce that they have now received the remaining licences and regulatory confirmations required to implement the amendments to its 2023 Notes from UK  Dutch and Bermuda authorities.In addition to the OFAC Licence received on 23 December 2022  the OFSI Licence was received on 23 February 2023  a confirmation was received on 9 March 2023 from the Netherlands Ministry of Finance that a licence or authorisation is not required in connection with implementation of the amendments to the 2023 Notes  and a licence was received from the Bermudan Sanctions Authority on 31 March 2023. The Company is satisfied that it has now received all authorisations and/or licences necessary to implement the amendments to the 2023 Notes as set out in the Scheme.VEON Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu commented: “We welcome the receipt of these licences for implementation of the amendments under the Scheme  which allow for the extension of the maturities of our 2023 notes  among other measures. We believe that the amendments are in the best interest of all stakeholders  providing our Group with additional time to conclude the sale of our Russian business and to mitigate the risk of double payments of principal.”The Company will announce under separate notices the anticipated process and timeline for the implementation of the Amendments and the Put Right.Capitalised terms used but not defined in this announcement have the meaning given to them in the Explanatory Statement issued by the Company on 21 December 2022  as amended on 11 January 2023  which is available on the Scheme Website at https://deals.is.kroll.com/veon .About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .Important NoticeThis release is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute a prospectus or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction  nor shall there be any offer of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under applicable securities laws.This press release is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.This communication or information contained herein is not an offer  or an invitation to make offers  to sell  exchange or otherwise transfer securities in the Russian Federation to or for the benefit of any Russian person or entity and does not constitute an advertisement or offering of securities in the Russian Federation within the meaning of Russian securities laws.Elements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 with respect to VEON Holdings B.V.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON disclaims any obligation to update them or to announce publicly any revision to any of the forward-looking statements contained in this release  or to make corrections to reflect future events or developments  other than as set forth above or as required by U.S. securities regulations.Any steps taken in respect of the Scheme and in connection with the Amendments and the Put Right must be in compliance with all applicable sanctions laws and regulations  including the sanctions laws and regulations administered by the European Union  the United Kingdom and the United States  and including securing any necessary licences and approvals from competent sanctions authorities.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.16,0.56,True,English,"['remaining licences', 'VEON', '2023 Notes', 'maturities', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'VEON Holdings B.V.', 'U.S. securities regulations', 'global digital operator', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'Bermudan Sanctions Authority', 'applicable sanctions laws', 'applicable securities laws', 'competent sanctions authorities', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Russian securities laws', 'VEON Group CEO', 'Bermuda authorities', 'Russian business', 'Russian Federation', 'Russian person', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'regulatory confirmations', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'other measures', 'best interest', 'additional time', 'double payments', 'separate notices', 'Put Right', 'Capitalised terms', 'Explanatory Statement', '200 million customers', 'economic growth', 'Important Notice', 'United States', 'forward-looking statements', 'historical facts', 'future events', 'European Union', 'United Kingdom', 'VEON Ltd', 'remaining licences', 'necessary licences', 'OFAC Licence', 'OFSI Licence', 'Netherlands Ministry', 'informational purposes', 'other jurisdiction', 'inside information', 'press release', 'The Company', 'Scheme Website', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '2023 Notes', 'maturities', 'April', 'NASDAQ', 'subsidiary', 'amendments', 'UK', 'Dutch', '23 December', '23 February', '9 March', 'Finance', 'authorisation', 'connection', 'implementation', '31 March', 'receipt', 'extension', 'stakeholders', 'sale', 'risk', 'principal', 'process', 'timeline', 'announcement', 'meaning', '21 December', '11 January', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'prospectus', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'qualification', 'communication', 'invitation', 'benefit', 'entity', 'advertisement', 'Elements', 'respect', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'obligation', 'revision', 'corrections', 'developments', 'steps', 'compliance', 'approvals', '07']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22108,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/03/2639238/0/en/Atos-completes-the-sale-of-its-Italian-Operations.html,Atos completes the sale of its Italian Operations,Press Release        Atos completes the sale of its Italian Operations    Atos delivering on divestment planca. 80% of €700m total expected proceeds......,English FrenchPress ReleaseAtos completes the sale of its Italian OperationsAtos delivering on divestment planca. 80% of €700m total expected proceeds already secured or closedParis  France – April 3  2023 - Atos today announces that it has completed the sale of its Italian operations (“Atos Italia”) to Lutech S.p.A.  an Italian provider of IT services and solutions  on March 31  with a 100% cash consideration. The Group previously announced that it entered into exclusive negotiations on November 16  2022.The completion of this transaction is a new milestone in the successful execution of Atos’ divestment plan. Since June 2022  Atos has closed four transactions and signed another one thus securing c.80% of the plan’s €700 million expected proceeds and demonstrating the Group’s ability to execute at pace.The transaction perimeter represented c. 2% of total Group revenue in 2022 and does not include the Italian EuroHPC business which will be kept within Atos  nor the Unified Communications & Collaboration's Italian operations  part of a separate divestment project. Subsequently to the transaction  Atos Italia changes its name and brand to become Lutech Advanced Solutions S.p.A  while remaining a key partner of the Atos Group.***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 111 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsPress contact: Martin Bovo | martin.bovo@atos.net | +33 6 14 46 79 94Investors: Thomas Guillois | thomas.guillois@atos.net | +33 6 21 34 36 62Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['Italian Operations', 'Atos', 'sale', 'Lutech Advanced Solutions S.p.A', 'Lutech S.p.A.', 'separate divestment project', 'Italian EuroHPC business', '€700 million expected proceeds', 'secure information space', 'total Group revenue', 'Atos’ divestment plan', 'end solutions', '€700m total', 'annual revenue', 'Italian Operations', 'Italian provider', 'English French', 'Press Release', '100% cash consideration', 'exclusive negotiations', 'new milestone', 'successful execution', 'four transactions', 'Unified Communications', 'key partner', 'global leader', 'digital transformation', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Press contact', 'IT services', 'The Group', 'decarbonization services', 'Euronext Paris', 'Thomas Guillois', 'transaction perimeter', 'Atos Italia', 'Martin Bovo', 'Atos Group', 'sale', 'France', 'April', 'March', 'November', 'completion', 'June', 'ability', 'Collaboration', 'name', 'brand', '111,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Contacts', 'Investors', 'Attachment']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,globenewswire.com
22109,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Atos-completes-the-sale-of-its-Italian-Operations-43411380/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Atos completes the sale of its Italian Operations,(marketscreener.com)  Press Release Atos completes the sale of its Italian Operations Atos delivering on divestment planca. 80% of €700m total expected proceeds already secured or closed Paris  France – April 3  2023 - Atos today announces that it has comple…,Press ReleaseAtos completes the sale of its Italian OperationsAtos delivering on divestment planca. 80% of €700m total expected proceeds already secured or closedParis  France – April 3  2023 - Atos today announces that it has completed the sale of its Italian operations (“Atos Italia”) to Lutech S.p.A.  an Italian provider of IT services and solutions  on March 31  with a 100% cash consideration. The Group previously announced that it entered into exclusive negotiations on November 16  2022.The completion of this transaction is a new milestone in the successful execution of Atos’ divestment plan. Since June 2022  Atos has closed four transactions and signed another one thus securing c.80% of the plan’s €700 million expected proceeds and demonstrating the Group’s ability to execute at pace.The transaction perimeter represented c. 2% of total Group revenue in 2022 and does not include the Italian EuroHPC business which will be kept within Atos  nor the Unified Communications & Collaboration's Italian operations  part of a separate divestment project. Subsequently to the transaction  Atos Italia changes its name and brand to become Lutech Advanced Solutions S.p.A  while remaining a key partner of the Atos Group.***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 111 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsPress contact: Martin Bovo | martin.bovo@atos.net | +33 6 14 46 79 94Investors: Thomas Guillois | thomas.guillois@atos.net | +33 6 21 34 36 62Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.93,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['Italian Operations', 'Atos', 'sale', 'Lutech Advanced Solutions S.p.A', 'Lutech S.p.A.', 'separate divestment project', 'Italian EuroHPC business', '€700 million expected proceeds', 'secure information space', 'total Group revenue', 'Atos’ divestment plan', 'end solutions', '€700m total', 'annual revenue', 'Italian Operations', 'Italian provider', 'Press Release', '100% cash consideration', 'exclusive negotiations', 'new milestone', 'successful execution', 'four transactions', 'Unified Communications', 'key partner', 'global leader', 'digital transformation', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Press contact', 'IT services', 'The Group', 'decarbonization services', 'Euronext Paris', 'Thomas Guillois', 'transaction perimeter', 'Atos Italia', 'Martin Bovo', 'Atos Group', 'sale', 'France', 'April', 'March', 'November', 'completion', 'June', 'ability', 'Collaboration', 'name', 'brand', '111,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Contacts', 'net', 'Investors', 'Attachment']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22110,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIO-UV-GROUP-44531648/news/Bio-uv-Group-Sharp-increase-in-2022-full-year-results-Outlook-43417848/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Bio-uv Group :  Sharp increase in 2022 full-year results - Outlook,(marketscreener.com)  Sharp increase in 2022 full-year resultsFull-year revenue up 53%  of which 16% organic growthEBITDA up a steady 77% to €7.0mFourfold increase in operating income to €4.1mProposed payment to shareholders: €0.06 per share …,"Sharp increase in 2022 full-year resultsFull-year revenue up 53%   of which 16% organic growthEBITDA up a steady 77% to €7.0mFourfold increase in operating income to €4.1mProposed payment to shareholders: €0.06 per shareOutlookTarget for profitable growth in 2023: increase in revenue and further improvement in EBITDA margin in 2023At its meeting on 3 April 2022  BIO-UV Group (Euronext Growth® - FR001334549 - ALTUV)  a specialist in water treatment and disinfection using UV  ozone  salt electrolysis and AOP  approved the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2022. The financial statement audit procedures have been carried out and the certification report is currently being issued by the Statutory Auditors. The annual report for the 2022 financial year will shortly be available on the BIO-UV website  www.bio-uv.com  under “Documents” in the Investors section.Annual income statement at 31 DecemberConsolidated data (€m)French standards FY 2021(12 months) FY 2022(12 months) Change Revenue 33.5 51.3 +53% EBITDA1 3.9 7.0 +77% EBITDA margin 11.7% 13.7% Net allocations to provisions for amortisation 3.0 2.9 Operating income 1.0 4.1 +314% Operating margin 3.0% 8.1% Net financial expense -0.3 -0.8 Exceptional items -0.1 -0.3 Net profit (Group share) 0.7 2.4 +251% Net margin 2.1% 4.7%Corelec is consolidated in BIO UV Group's financial statements since 1 November 2021.1EBITDA: Earnings before depreciation and amortisation  net of reversals.BIO-UV posted consolidated revenue of €51.3m for 2022  a sharp increase of 53% on 2021 which confirmed the Group's successful change in scale during the financial year.On a same-currency and scope of consolidation basis (excluding the consolidation of Corelec)  organic growth stood at 16%.Land activities reported growth of 69%  driven both by the successful consolidation of Corelec (+17% of growth) in France with the implementation of commercial and industrial synergies  as well as robust growth in export activities (+30% in 2022).For 2022  Maritime activities posted annual growth of 31%  with the sale of more than 200 ballast water treatment systems for ships on a full-year basis.EBITDA up 77% to €7.0mFor the 2022 financial year  EBITDA[1] amounted to €7.0m  up a steady 77% on 2021. This strong performance stemmed  on the one hand  from the full-year consolidation of Corelec and  on the other  from continued high profitability in the historical scope of activities.In FY 2022  further improvement was recorded for the EBITDA margin  ending at 13.7% versus 11.7% for 2021 and 10.3% in 2020. It also includes the following items:for the Maritime division  additional costs of €0.5m in the second half as a result of pressured supply chains  thereby significantly increasing the price of printed circuit boards which was not passed on to the selling price of ballast water treatment systems;for the Land division  a less favourable business mix in 2022  marked in particular by robust growth in heat pump trading activities with the combined strengthening of Corelec teams to support the subsidiary's development  leading to an impact of -€0.5m on EBITDA;on a Group-wide basis  increased fixed costs owing to the inflationary environment (business travel  energy  etc.).Fourfold increase in 2022 operating income to €4.1mAfter taking into account net depreciation  amortisation and provisions  which remained almost stable at €3.0m  operating income for 2022 totalled €4.1m  representing a fourfold increase on the previous financial year (€1.0m).The operating margin for 2022 was 8.1% compared to 3.0% a year earlier.Net financial expense amounted to -€0.8m  mainly consisting of interest charges on financial debt.After booking exceptional items of -€0.3m and a corporate income tax charge of €0.6m  BIO-UV Group posted net profit  Group share of €2.4m  up 251% and representing a net margin of 4.7% versus 2.1%a year earlier.Second consecutive financial year with positive[2] free cash flow: €0.5mIn 2022  BIO-UV generated gross cash flow from operations of €5.5m  up 52% over the financial year (€3.6m and €2.4m generated in 2021 and 2020 respectively).After changes in the working capital requirement (WCR)  which increased to €2.9m mainly due to rising stocks (€19.7m at end-2022 vs. €14.8m at end-2021) to offset supply difficulties  operating cash flow stood at €2.7m (vs. €3.3m in 2021). The change in WCR is expected to gradually normalise in the 2023 financial year  returning to near-zero by year-end.CAPEX (acquisitions of fixed assets) totalled €2.2m in 2022  vs. €2.7m in 2021 and €3.0m in 2020. In 2023  this trend should continue with CAPEX expected to fall below the €2m mark.For 2022  financing operations consumed €2.5m and broke down as follows: €0.5m to pay shareholders issue premiums for the 2021 financial year with the remaining €2.0m in net loan repayments and share buybacks.At 31 December 2022  net financial debt[3] stood at €24.9m (vs. €27.6m at end-2021) and shareholders' equity at €32.4m (vs. €30.7m at end-2021).Proposed distribution to shareholders of €0.06 per share for the 2022 fiscal yearFactoring in the Group's operational performance in 2022  an increasingly healthy financial structure and as part of its regular payout policy to shareholders  at its meeting on 3 April 2023  the Board of Directors will recommend to the 26 May 2023 Annual General Meeting the distribution of €0.06 per share to shareholders  in respect of the 2022 fiscal year.Subject to the favourable vote of the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting  this payment would be detached on 27 September 2023 and settled on 29 September 2023.Order backlog at end-March 2023: €7.7mAt end-March 2023  BIO-UV's order backlog stood at €7.7m  including €6.7m of orders already signed to deliver in 2023 (€4.1m for the Maritime division and €3.6m for the Land division).Outlook for 2023The start of FY 2023 was characterised by a disrupted market environment  limited visibility and especially volatile and mixed performances for specific business lines and geographies.In Land activities  exports continue to bolster the division's growth in line with H2 2022  while swimming pool sales in France (public and private) are penalised by the market's “wait-and-see” approach.In Maritime activities  the division still has enormous potential for 2023 and 2024. While sales for ship ballast water treatment systems should be lower in 2023 than in 2022 (as a reminder  H1 2022 benefitted from postponed orders in 2021)  the ramp-up of the new ranges coupled with the return to a more normative situation for supplies of printed circuit boards will help to improve the division's margin versus 2022.Against this backdrop  in 2023  BIO-UV Group's initial target is to continue its profitable growth momentum  with an increase in consolidated revenue – factoring in a strong H1 base effect for the Maritime division – and further improvement in the EBITDA margin on a full-year basis.These targets may be gradually refined during the financial year as visibility on sales improves.Eligibility of BIO-UV Group shares for “PEA PME-ETI” schemeBIO-UV Group confirms that it complies with all of the “PEA PME-ETI” eligibility criteria in accordance with the L.221-32-2 and D.221-113-5 articles and following of the French Monetary and Financial Code.Accordingly  BIO-UV Group shares (FR001334549 - ALTUV) remain eligible for incorporation into “PEA PME-ETI” accounts which benefit from the same tax benefits as traditional equity savings plans (PEA).Financial calendarPublications Dates H1 2023 revenue 19 July 2023 H1 2023 results 20 September 2023 2023 annual revenue 24 January 2024 FY 2023 results 3 April 2024Press release will be published after Euronext Paris market close.About BIO-UV GroupFounded in 2000  BIO-UV Group designs  manufactures and markets ultraviolet  Ozone  salt electrolysis and AOP (advanced oxidation process) disinfection systems.Listed on Euronext® Growth - Paris (FR0013345493 - ALTUV)  BIO-UV Group has been granted the “Innovative Company” label by Bpifrance and is eligible for the French “PEA PME-ETI” investment scheme.Contacts :BIO-UV Group+33 6 16 26 05 93isost@bio-uv.com Investors RelationsMathieu Omnes – ACTUS+33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.fr Press RelationsSerena Boni – ACTUS+33 (0)4 4 72 18 04 92sboni@actus.fr[1] EBITDA: Earnings before depreciation and amortisation  net of reversals.[2] Free cash flow: operating cash flow - capital expenditure (CAPEX)[3]Net financial debt = financial debt and borrowings (excluding lease debt) + other financial debt - available cashThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mW6fk8pqYprFmJxslMdmaJeUbpqTw2ida5XLlWJwaZfJm56VmpmVa8bIZnBqlm5q- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79194-bio-uv-cp-fy-2022-03042023-en-vdef.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.16,0.5,True,English,"['Bio-uv Group', 'Sharp increase', '2022 full-year results', 'Outlook', '200 ballast water treatment systems', 'positive[2] free cash flow', 'corporate income tax charge', 'heat pump trading activities', 'financial statement audit procedures', 'Second consecutive financial year', 'gross cash flow', 'working capital requirement', 'operating cash flow', 'favourable business mix', 'net loan repayments', 'Annual income statement', 'Net financial expense', 'previous financial year', 'net financial debt', 'BIO UV Group', 'second half', '2022 financial year', '2023 financial year', '2021 financial year', 'operating income', 'financial statements', 'business travel', 'Net allocations', 'Net profit', 'Net margin', 'annual report', 'Land activities', 'export activities', 'Maritime activities', 'Operating margin', 'annual growth', '2022 full-year results', 'share Outlook', 'salt electrolysis', 'certification report', 'Statutory Auditors', 'Investors section', 'Consolidated data', 'French standards', '8 Exceptional items', 'Group share', 'industrial synergies', 'full-year basis', 'strong performance', 'one hand', 'high profitability', 'following items', 'Maritime division', 'additional costs', 'supply chains', 'circuit boards', 'Land division', 'Group-wide basis', 'fixed costs', 'inflationary environment', 'interest charges', 'rising stocks', 'supply difficulties', 'fixed assets', '€2m mark', 'share buybacks', 'net depreciation', 'Sharp increase', 'Fourfold increase', '16% organic growth', 'profitable growth', 'Euronext Growth®', 'robust growth', 'Full-year revenue', 'consolidated revenue', 'consolidation basis', 'successful consolidation', 'full-year consolidation', 'successful change', 'shareholders issue', ""shareholders' equity"", 'BIO-UV Group', 'BIO-UV website', 'historical scope', 'selling price', 'financing operations', 'EBITDA margin', 'Change Revenue', 'Corelec teams', 'steady', 'Target', 'improvement', 'meeting', '3 April', 'ALTUV', 'specialist', 'disinfection', 'ozone', 'AOP', '31 December', 'Documents', 'FY', 'EBITDA1', 'provisions', 'amortisation', '1 November', '1EBITDA', 'Earnings', 'reversals', 'scale', 'same-currency', 'France', 'implementation', 'commercial', 'sale', 'ships', 'less', 'combined', 'strengthening', 'subsidiary', 'development', 'impact', 'energy', 'account', 'changes', 'WCR', 'end', 'CAPEX', 'acquisitions', 'premiums', 'distribution', '9', '3.0', '2.']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22111,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ESI-GROUP-5195/news/ESI-Inside-Information-Other-news-releases-43412632/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,ESI : Inside Information / Other news releases,"(marketscreener.com)   Press release   Rungis  France  April 3rd  2023   ESI Group launches a ""RECHARGE DAY"" for all its   employees to recharge their batteries   After introducing a ""NO MEETING DAY"" in May 2021 to restore the importance of taki…","Press releaseRungis  France  April 3rd  2023ESI Group launches a ""RECHARGE DAY"" for all itsemployees to recharge their batteriesAfter introducing a ""NO MEETING DAY"" in May 2021 to restore the importance of taking time  ESI Group  the world-renowned simulation and virtual prototyping software provider for the industry  is now launching a ""RECHARGE DAY""  a day where employees can take time for themselves  to recharge their batteries. This day will take place  this year  on Friday  May 19  2023  and will apply to all the Group's employees  in its 18 countries and will be renewed every year on a date set at the beginning of the year.""Our role  as a company  is to provide our employees with the most serene environment possible so they can fulfill their work while maintaining a work-life balance. In this context  ESI Group has launched a 'NO MEETING DAY'  three years ago. The Group continues in this approach and has decided to offer all its employees a common day off. During this day  employees can serenely enjoy a day without professional e-mails  meetings  or phone calls. We know that life can get overwhelming sometimes  and it's easy to get caught up in the daily grind. That's why we want to take a moment to celebrate self-care and remind ourselves of the importance of taking a break every once in a while. 'RECHARGE DAY' is a day dedicated to taking care of ourselves and recharging our batteries  so we can tackle our busy lives with renewed energy and enthusiasm."" says Yannick Charron  Vice President of Human Resources at ESI Group.Contacts ESI Group Florence Barré Aline Besselièvre press@esi-group.com aline.besselievre@gmail.com +33 1 49 78 28 28 +33 6 61 85 10 05About ESI GroupFounded in 1973  ESI Group envisions a world where Industry commits to bold outcomes  addressing high stakes concerns - environmental impact  safety & comfort for consumers and workers  and adaptable and sustainable business models. ESI provides reliable and customized solutions anchored on predictive physics modeling and virtual prototyping expertise to allow industries to make the right decisions at the right time while managing their complexity. Acting principally in automotive & land transportation  aerospace  defense & naval  and heavy industry  ESI is present in more than 18 countries  employs 1000 people around the world  and reported 2022 sales of €130 million. ESI is headquartered in France and is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris. For further information  go to www.esi-group.com.https://www.esi-group.com/company/who-we-areFollow ESIG-FC-23-18-A",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['Other news releases', 'ESI', 'Information', 'Florence Barré Aline Besselièvre', 'virtual prototyping software provider', 'virtual prototyping expertise', 'high stakes concerns', 'sustainable business models', 'predictive physics modeling', 'NO MEETING DAY', 'Press release', 'world-renowned simulation', 'serene environment', 'work-life balance', 'professional e-mails', 'phone calls', 'daily grind', 'busy lives', 'Yannick Charron', 'Vice President', 'Human Resources', 'bold outcomes', 'environmental impact', 'customized solutions', 'right decisions', 'land transportation', 'compartment B', 'Euronext Paris', 'RECHARGE DAY', 'common day', 'The Group', 'right time', 'heavy industry', 'ESI Group', 'Rungis', 'France', 'April', 'employees', 'batteries', 'May', 'importance', 'place', 'Friday', '18 countries', 'date', 'beginning', 'year', 'role', 'company', 'context', 'approach', 'meetings', 'moment', 'self-care', 'break', 'energy', 'enthusiasm', 'Contacts', 'safety', 'comfort', 'consumers', 'workers', 'adaptable', 'reliable', 'industries', 'complexity', 'automotive', 'aerospace', 'defense', 'naval', '1000 people', '2022 sales', 'information', 'FC']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22112,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIQUADRO-S-P-A-373104/news/Piquadro-S-p-A-328CS-Piquadro-buy-back-purchase-week-March-27-31-2023-43413369/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Piquadro S p A : 328CS Piquadro buy back purchase week March 27 31 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   REPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OF   PIQUADRO S.P.A.   Silla di Gaggio Montano   April 3  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-back plan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the pe…,Press releaseREPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OFPIQUADRO S.P.A.Silla di Gaggio Montano (BO)  April 3  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-back plan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the period from March 27th to March 31st  2023  it purchased no. 2 161 treasury shares for a total consideration of 3 849.30 Euro  as authorized by the shareholders' meeting on July 25th  2022  already disclosed pursuant to Art. 144-bis of Consob Regulation no. 11971/1999.Details of the daily transactions on the Euronext Milan are as follows:Number of ordinary Average price (Euro) Consideration Date shares purchased (Euro) 03/27/2023 1 169 1.7757 2 075.79 03/28/2023 558 1.7900 998.82 03/29/2023 434 1.7850 774.69 Total 2 161 1.7813 3 849.30Following the above purchases and considering the treasury shares already in portfolio  as of March 31st  2023 Piquadro S.p.A. holds no. 1 893 079 treasury shares  equal to 3.7862% of the share capital.Piquadro GroupThe Piquadro Group operates in the sector of leather accessories through the Piquadro  The Bridge and Lancel brands. Cornerstones for the three brands is attention to details and the quality of the workmanship as well as the leather but the Piquadro product stands out for its innovative design and technological content  while The Bridge emphasizes the vintage flavor of Tuscan craftsmanship and finally the Lancel collections embody the Parisian allure of a fashion house founded in 1876.The origins of the Group date back to 1987 when Marco Palmieri  now President and Chief Executive Officer  founded his company near Bologna  where it is still headquartered. The distribution network extends over 50 countries around the world and counts 176 mono-brand stores including 81 Piquadro boutiques (53 in Italy and 28 abroad including 48 DOS directly operated stores and 33 franchised stores)  13 The Bridge boutiques (13 in Italy including 11 DOS directly operated stores and 2 franchised) and 82 Lancel boutiques (61 in France and 21 abroad  of which 75 DOS directly operated stores and 7 franchised). The Group's consolidated turnover for the year 2021/2022 ended on March 31  2022  is € 149 4 million. Piquadro S.p.A. has been listed on the Italian Stock Exchange since October 2007.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Piquadro S', '328CS Piquadro', 'purchase', 'PIQUADRO S.P.A.', 'TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN', 'ordinary Average price', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'Consideration Date shares', 'The Piquadro Group', 'The Bridge boutiques', '81 Piquadro boutiques', '2,161 treasury shares', '1,893,079 treasury shares', 'Piquadro product', 'total consideration', '82 Lancel boutiques', 'The Group', 'Press release', 'Gaggio Montano', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'Consob Regulation', 'daily transactions', 'Euronext Milan', 'share capital', 'Lancel brands', 'three brands', 'innovative design', 'technological content', 'vintage flavor', 'Tuscan craftsmanship', 'Lancel collections', 'Parisian allure', 'fashion house', 'Marco Palmieri', 'distribution network', 'leather accessories', '176 mono-brand stores', '33 franchised stores', 'REPORT', 'Silla', 'April', 'reference', 'period', 'March', '3,849.30 Euro', 'July', 'Art.', 'bis', 'Details', 'Number', 'purchases', 'portfolio', 'sector', 'Cornerstones', 'attention', 'quality', 'workmanship', 'origins', 'President', 'company', 'Bologna', '50 countries', 'world', 'Italy', '48 DOS', '11 DOS', 'France', '75 DOS', 'turnover', 'year', 'October']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22113,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-Estimated-NAV-s-43417310/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,BGHL (EUR): Estimated NAV(s),(marketscreener.com) BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company. Close of business 31/03/2023. Estimated NAV  Euro SharesSterling Sha…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/03/2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6434 £ 23.5190 Estimated MTD return -2.35 % -2.23 % Estimated YTD return -4.05 % -3.71 % Estimated ITD return 166.43 % 135.19 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['Estimated NAV', 'BGHL', 'EUR', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'The Directors', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'NAV', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22114,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-Estimated-NAV-s-43417312/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,BGHL (GBP): Estimated NAV(s),(marketscreener.com) BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company. Close of business 31/03/2023. Estimated NAV  Euro SharesSterling Sha…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/03/2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6434 £ 23.5190 Estimated MTD return -2.35 % -2.23 % Estimated YTD return -4.05 % -3.71 % Estimated ITD return 166.43 % 135.19 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['Estimated NAV', 'BGHL', 'GBP', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'The Directors', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'NAV', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22115,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/03/2639493/0/en/STMicroelectronics-Announces-Status-of-Common-Share-Repurchase-Program.html,STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase Program  Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Mar 27  2023 to Mar 29  2023...,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Mar 27  2023 to Mar 29  2023AMSTERDAM – April 3  2023 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the “Company” or “STMicroelectronics”)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the “Program”) disclosed via a press release dated July 1  2021. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 27  2021 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between Mar 27  2023 to Mar 29  2023 (the “Period”)  of 84 751 ordinary shares (equal to 0.01% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 45.9949 and for an overall price of EUR 3 898 111.60.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from share option programmes  or other allocations of shares  to employees or to members of the administrative  management or supervisory bodies of the issuer or of an associate company.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STMicroelectronics (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 27-Mar-23 27 990 46.0730 1 289 583.27 XPAR 28-Mar-23 28 626 45.0738 1 290 282.60 XPAR 29-Mar-23 28 135 46.8543 1 318 245.73 XPAR Total for Period 84 751 45.9949 3 898 111.60Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 9 315 989 treasury shares  which represents approximately 1.0% of the Company’s issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are more than 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and connectivity. ST is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: +33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.29,0.71,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Status', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'share option programmes', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'other lawful purpose', 'overall price', 'other allocations', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'press release', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'administrative, management', 'supervisory bodies', 'repurchase transactions', 'detailed form', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Total amount', 'Own Shares', '84,751 ordinary shares', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'Alexis Breton', 'Further information', 'associate company', 'XPAR Total', '9,315,989 treasury shares', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'Period', 'AMSTERDAM', 'April', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'number', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'employees', 'members', 'issuer', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'Dates', 'accordance', 'bond', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'Internet', 'Things', 'connectivity', 'Tel', 'Attachment']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,globenewswire.com
22116,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-CCH-Tagetik-Launches-New-Solution-to-Help-Multinational-Companies-Prepare-for-2024-O-43417741/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Wolters Kluwer CCH® Tagetik Launches New Solution to Help Multinational Companies Prepare for 2024 OECD Pillar Two Reporting Requirements,(marketscreener.com) CCH® Tagetik Global Minimum Tax expert solution equips CFOs to confidently navigate Pillar Two’s complex data challenges  new workflows  and tight deadlineshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Klu…,CCH® Tagetik Global Minimum Tax expert solution equips CFOs to confidently navigate Pillar Two’s complex data challenges  new workflows  and tight deadlinesWolters Kluwer  a global leader in professional information  software solutions and services  today launched a new CCH Tagetik expert solution that will help multinational companies collect  align  calculate and report integrated finance and tax data in accordance with Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Pillar Two tax requirements. The solution will also help CFOs better understand how Pillar Two regulations will impact their business model and operations.The challenge: Multinationals are navigating Pillar Two obligations with limited time to comply  and massive data sets from tax and financeAs part of a continuous effort to reform the international tax system  and in adherence to OECD Pillar Two tax requirements  more than 140 countries have agreed to implement a global minimum corporate tax rate of 15% in 2024  for certain multinational companies. To meet the new obligations of Pillar Two  multinational companies need to quickly gain visibility into  connect  and analyze massive amounts of enterprise-wide data. They must also process complex tax calculations to understand the impact Pillar Two will have on corporate profitability and operations. Today  many large companies use disparate  disconnected technology to manage tax and financial data  making it difficult to efficiently address the new tax requirements.The solution: Trusted technology that empowers CFOs to streamline the new direct tax reporting journey  helping multinational companies confidently meet new Pillar Two regulations. Wolters Kluwer is extending its unparalleled corporate tax expertise to its market-leading CCH Tagetik Corporate Performance Management (CPM) platform. The new  user-friendly CCH Tagetik Global Minimum Tax expert solution empowers multinational companies to:Rapidly meet Pillar Two regulation requirements by collecting  aggregating  harmonizing  and securely storing the new data sets required to perform complex calculations across local  group  finance  and tax consolidation. The solution also empowers users to map  efficiently manage  and align data in a way that supports Pillar Two requirements.Manage the tax process end-to-end  reducing the burden that tax and finance teams face when reporting in accordance with the Pillar Two framework. The solution takes a top-down approach by connecting tax to consolidation  centralizing enterprise data  and automating processes and calculations to facilitate compliance process.Guide their tax strategy  and understand the current and future impact that Pillar Two reporting requirements will have on their business model and operations. Users can perform what-if analyses of how various business decisions will be impacted by the new tax model. Armed with this information  CFOs can create more informed 3-to-5-year strategic plans that guide and optimize their corporate tax strategy to drive profitable growth.Ralf Gärtner  Senior Vice President and General Manager of Corporate Performance Solutions  Wolters Kluwer  said:“CFOs need to gain visibility into  connect and analyze enterprise-wide data in a way that helps them better manage complex global requirements related to OECD Pillar Two. Our new CCH Tagetik Global Minimum Tax solution delivers on that need – and it’s the latest example of our commitment to creating user-friendly  advanced technologies that address the constantly evolving challenges faced by the Office of Finance.”About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230403005764/en/,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.27,0.34,True,English,"['2024 OECD Pillar Two Reporting Requirements', 'Wolters Kluwer CCH® Tagetik', 'New Solution', 'Multinational Companies', 'new, user-friendly CCH Tagetik Global Minimum Tax expert solution', 'CCH® Tagetik Global Minimum Tax expert solution', 'new CCH Tagetik Global Minimum Tax solution', 'market-leading CCH Tagetik Corporate Performance Management', 'new CCH Tagetik expert solution', 'global minimum corporate tax rate', 'new direct tax reporting journey', 'OECD Pillar Two tax requirements', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'unparalleled corporate tax expertise', 'Pillar Two reporting requirements', 'new Pillar Two regulations', 'Pillar Two regulation requirements', 'user-friendly, advanced technologies', 'complex global requirements', 'new tax requirements', 'Pillar Two requirements', 'new tax model', 'new data sets', 'Pillar Two framework', 'Corporate Performance Solutions', 'international tax system', 'corporate tax strategy', '3-to-5-year strategic plans', 'Ralf Gärtner', 'Senior Vice President', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Pillar Two obligations', 'many large companies', 'complex tax calculations', 'expert solutions', 'disparate, disconnected technology', 'various business decisions', 'massive data sets', 'complex data challenges', 'global leader', 'new obligations', 'new workflows', 'tax data', 'corporate profitability', 'corporate compliance', 'tax process', 'tax consolidation', 'complex calculations', 'business model', 'massive amounts', 'evolving challenges', 'critical decisions', 'enterprise-wide data', 'enterprise data', 'multinational companies', 'tight deadlines', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'Economic Co-operation', 'limited time', 'continuous effort', 'CPM) platform', 'top-down approach', 'compliance process', 'profitable growth', 'General Manager', 'latest example', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'source version', 'software solutions', 'financial data', 'local, group', 'future impact', 'integrated finance', 'finance teams', 'professional information', 'CFOs', 'services', 'accordance', 'Organisation', 'Development', 'operations', 'Multinationals', 'part', 'adherence', '140 countries', 'visibility', 'users', 'way', 'burden', 'processes', 'current', 'analyses', 'informed', 'need', 'commitment', 'Office', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'accounting', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'customers', '180 countries', '20,000 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22117,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SONAECOM-SGPS-S-A-5836/news/Sonaecom-SGPS-S-A-SGPS-SA-informs-on-FY2022-Annual-Report-and-Accounts-non-ESEF-version-43418363/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Sonaecom SGPS S A :   SGPS  SA informs on FY2022 Annual Report and Accounts non-ESEF version,(marketscreener.com)      Annual Report 2022     1              Annual Report 2022     This report is a...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SONAECOM-SGPS-S-A-5836/news/Sonaecom-SGPS-S-A-SGPS-SA-informs-on-FY2022-Annual-Re…,"This report is a translation of the Portuguese original version of the Sonaecom Group's official accountability document  submitted at the CMVM website and on April 3rd  2023  in ESEF format. In case of discrepancies between this version and the official ESEF version  the latter prevails. ANNUAL REPORT 2022Annual Report 2022 51.1 Group at a glanceSonaecom is a sub-holding of the Sonae Group for the Technology  Media and Telecommunications areas  created in 1994 and first quoted on Euronext Lisbon in 2000. Its business portfolio includes the Software and Technology area  with Bright Pixel Capital (previously Sonae Investment Management)  the Online & Media area where there are businesses such as the ""Público"" daily  generalist newspaper which has been in print for over 33 years in Portugal and the Telecommunications area  which owns an important stake in the NOS group (26.07%)  which is the main asset in its portfolio.1.1.1. About SonaecomOur MissionSonaecom is an entrepreneurial growth company that chooses exceptional people to work and unlock their full potential.Sonaecom relentlessly pursues the creation of innovative products  services and solutions that fulfil the needs of its markets and generate superior economic value.1.1.2. Our valuesLead for impactWe turn ambition into action. This means we strive to have a meaningful impact today and tomorrow. We want to make a difference and have a sustainable impact that is long lasting.Own what's nextWe act as entrepreneurs first and foremost. This means we challenge the status quo and drive what's next.We explore new businesses and geographies with curiosity and the ambition of growing internationally. These are the ingredients that make us create a better tomorrow for all.Go further togetherWe champion our diverse talent. We bring our skills  knowledge  and point of views to learn from one another and put it into action.We actively search for new opportunities to collaborate across businesses and teams and see it as each person's responsibility to find these synergies.Make things simpleWe move fast and keep things simple. This means we are continuously improving to be more efficient  adaptive  and nimble.We act quickly to add value but we strive for clarity to make the best decisions. Our strategies are based on facts  data or tests run on a controlled scale.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['Sonaecom SGPS S A', 'FY2022 Annual Report', 'ESEF version', 'SA', 'Accounts', 'official accountability document', 'Bright Pixel Capital', 'Sonae Investment Management', 'Portuguese original version', 'superior economic value', 'official ESEF version', 'ESEF format', 'CMVM website', 'Sonae Group', 'Telecommunications areas', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'Technology area', 'generalist newspaper', 'important stake', 'main asset', 'growth company', 'exceptional people', 'full potential', 'values Lead', 'status quo', 'diverse talent', 'new opportunities', 'best decisions', 'controlled scale', 'ANNUAL REPORT', 'meaningful impact', 'sustainable impact', 'business portfolio', 'Media area', 'new businesses', 'Sonaecom Group', '1.1 Group', 'translation', 'April', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'glance', 'sub-holding', 'Software', 'Online', 'print', '33 years', 'Portugal', 'Mission', 'creation', 'services', 'solutions', 'needs', 'markets', 'ambition', 'action', 'tomorrow', 'difference', 'entrepreneurs', 'geographies', 'curiosity', 'ingredients', 'skills', 'knowledge', 'point', 'views', 'teams', 'person', 'responsibility', 'synergies', 'things', 'clarity', 'strategies', 'facts', 'data', 'tests']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22118,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301788750.html,DSM - delivery of shares,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube A…,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  April 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 3 April 2023  delivered 8 857 ordinary shares to employees in view of (i) settling the vesting of 8 587 share units that have been granted subject to the respective DSM Incentive Plan and (ii) settling the exercise of 270 stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €92.22). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 348 965. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0051%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgSOURCE Royal DSM,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.1,0.65,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', 'SOURCE Royal DSM', '8,857 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'press release', 'general release', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'PRNewswire', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Logo']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,prnewswire.co.uk
22119,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wolters-kluwer-launches-toolkit-to-support-corporate-counsel-navigate-bank-failures-301788431.html,Wolters Kluwer launches toolkit to support corporate counsel navigate bank failures,Considering the recent bank collapses  the Bank Failures Toolkit available on VitalLaw® outlines important steps for managing the fallout from a bank failure NEW YORK  April 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. today announced a sign…,"Considering the recent bank collapses  the Bank Failures Toolkit available on VitalLaw® outlines important steps for managing the fallout from a bank failureNEW YORK  April 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. today announced a significant new resource for corporate legal departments  which provides a comprehensive array of tools and strategies to deploy if the bank used by one's business should fail. Available on VitalLaw® and VitalLaw® for Corporate Counsel  the Bank Failures Toolkit is designed to help ensure minimal disruption to a company's business from the failure of a bank.Bank failures can have a serious impact on both the domestic and international business communities. While a bank failure by itself may not put a business at risk  such a failure complicates business continuity and operations. The best protection against the consequences of a failed bank is prevention. This toolkit offers proactive steps that will both minimize and mitigate the risk that a company faces should its bank collapse.""In light of a recent academic study that indicated there are 186 other banks that could be at risk if uninsured deposit withdrawals cause even small bank runs  it is essential that corporate and outside legal counsel have measures in place to ensure that the transition of accounts from a failed bank to an FDIC-managed successor bank goes as smoothly as possible and to ensure the least amount of disruption to their own client's business operations "" said John Pachkowski  Senior Legal Analyst at Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Wolters Kluwer's Bank Failures Toolkit covers the following areas for transitioning accounts from a failed bank:VitalLaw® is Wolters Kluwer's intuitive research platform that provides corporate counsel and legal professionals with comprehensive support and world-class analysis in key practice areas. With more than 25 000 pieces of useful content and data visualization tools  VitalLaw® provides customers with faster answers and deeper insights. As the legal space continues to develop daily  the solution also gives customers access to consistent and current updates for laws and regulations.To learn more about Wolters Kluwer's Bank Failures Toolkit  visit: Bank Failures Toolkit on VitalLaw® for Corporate CounselAbout Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.MEDIA CONTACT:Linda GharibDirector  Brand & CommunicationsWolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Tel: +1 (646) 887-7962Email: [email protected]SOURCE Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.",negative,0.02,0.16,0.82,negative,0.0,0.02,0.97,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer', 'corporate counsel', 'bank failures', 'toolkit', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'recent academic study', 'uninsured deposit withdrawals', 'intuitive research platform', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Linda Gharib Director', 'Regulatory U.S.', 'Senior Legal Analyst', 'significant new resource', 'key practice areas', 'recent bank collapses', 'small bank runs', 'FDIC-managed successor bank', 'data visualization tools', 'outside legal counsel', 'Bank Failures Toolkit', 'international business communities', 'corporate legal departments', 'Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'legal space', 'NEW YORK', 'following areas', 'failed bank', 'Corporate Counsel', 'legal professionals', 'important steps', 'comprehensive array', 'serious impact', 'best protection', 'proactive steps', '186 other banks', 'least amount', 'John Pachkowski', 'comprehensive support', 'world-class analysis', 'useful content', 'faster answers', 'deeper insights', 'current updates', 'global leader', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'MEDIA CONTACT', 'business continuity', 'minimal disruption', 'transitioning accounts', 'business operations', 'VitalLaw®', 'fallout', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'strategies', 'company', 'domestic', 'risk', 'consequences', 'prevention', 'light', 'measures', 'place', 'client', '25,000 pieces', 'customers', 'access', 'consistent', 'laws', 'regulations', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'information', 'software', 'services', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'ESG', 'group', '180 countries', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Brand', 'Communications', 'Tel', 'Email']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,prnewswire.com
22120,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECHNICOLOR-CREATIVE-STUD-143774950/news/Technicolor-Creative-Studios-Progressing-towards-delivering-its-recovery-plan-43411186/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Technicolor Creative Studios: Progressing towards delivering its recovery plan,(marketscreener.com) CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE   Technicolor Creative Studios Progressing towards delivering its recovery plan PARIS   April 3  2023 – Technicolor Creative Studios announces today an update of the implementation of its refinancing. New chapter o…,"Technicolor Creative Studios: Progressing towards delivering its recovery plan 04/03/2023 | 02:02am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE Technicolor Creative StudiosProgressing towards delivering its recovery plan PARIS (FRANCE)  April 3  2023 – Technicolor Creative Studios (Euronext Paris: TCHCS) (the “Company”) announces today an update of the implementation of its refinancing. New chapter of Technicolor Creative Studios ’ Refinancing : E xecution on March 27  2023  of a conciliation protocol by its lenders and main shareholders F irst tranche r efinancing drawdown early April in aggregate principal amount of €8 5  000   000 and second tranche in aggregate principal amount of €85 000 000 expected by the end of Q2 2023 A pproval by a judgment of the Commercial Court of Paris dated March 29  2023   which puts an end to the conciliation procedure opened on January 20  2023Caroline Parot  Chief Executive Officer of Technicolor Creative Studios  said: “Reaching an agreement on the refinancing of Technicolor Creative Studios has been pivotal in establishing the foundations of our long-term growth. I am delighted that the process is progressing well with the execution of a conciliation protocol in line with the established schedule. We are extremely grateful for the confidence and support of our key creditors and shareholders  as we strive to achieve Technicolor Creative Studios’ full value potential. I would also like to thank all the teams for the great work they have done so far and are preparing to do throughout the year. Their talent  creativity  and dedication are the reasons why our Company is trusted by so many in the industry.” A NEW CHAPTER FOR REBOUND WITH THE EXECUTION OF THE CONCILIATION PROTOCOL Following the agreement in principle reached on March 8  2023  Technicolor Creative Studios is pleased to announce (i) the execution on March 27  2023 of a conciliation protocol (the “Conciliation Protocol”) by its lenders and shareholders showing their support in the rebound of the Company and (ii) its approval by a judgment of the Commercial Court of Paris dated March 29  2023 which puts an end to the conciliation procedure opened on January 20  2023. In accordance with the terms of the agreement in principle dated March 8  2023  the Conciliation Protocol provides that the refinancing will include (i) a new money financing in aggregate principal amount  net of original issue discount and underwriting fee  equal to c.€170 million and (ii) the reinstatement of the existing indebtedness (the “Refinancing”). The implementation of the Refinancing pursuant to the terms of the Conciliation Protocol is detailed hereafter1. A first tranche r efinancing drawdown early April in aggregate principal amount of €8 5  000   000 through : the issuance of bonds notes i n a principal amount equal to thirty million euros (€30 000 000) subscribed by its major shareholders: Angelo Gordon  Bpifrance Participations  Briarwood and Barclays (the “ Equity First Tranche Participants ”). This bond issue (the “ Equity First Tranche Refinancing ”) will be refinanced by way of set off with the subscription price of the Convertible Notes issue (described below) 2 ; a first tranche super senior credit facility granted by the main lenders (the “ New Money Lenders ”) for an amount of approximately fifty million euros (€50 000 000) plus approximately five million dollars ($5 000 000) (in each case net of original issue discount (OID) and underwriting fee).: A second tranche of the r efinancing for an aggregate principal amount of €85   000   000 will be granted by the end of the second quarter of 2023:a second tranche of super senior credit facility 3 (in addition to the first tranche credit facility described above) fully underwritten by New Money Lenders for an amount of approximately fifty million euros (€50 000 000) plus approximately five millions dollars ($5 000 000) (in each case net of OID) will be drawn by the end of the second quarter of 2023  concurrently with the issue of the Convertible Notes. Share warrants entitling to 11% of the PF Fully Diluted Share Capital (as such term is defined hereafter) will be granted to the New Money Lenders in proportion to their exposure to the New Money Facility 4 . the issuance of convertible bonds (the "" Convertible Notes "") for sixty million euros (€60 000 000) (net of OID)  by way of issuances reserved to the Equity First Tranche Participants and Vantiva. The Convertibles Notes will be subscribed in part up to €30 000 000 by way of set off of the Equity First Tranche Refinancing described above. Conversion of 100% of the Convertible Notes 5 will give holders of those notes an aggregate amount of 33% of the share capital of the Company on a fully diluted basis pro forma for: (i) such conversion and (ii) the issuance of certain warrants to be granted to New Money Lenders and existing senior secured lenders of the Company  in each case  as described in this announcement 6 .Existing indebtedness would be reinstated and capitalized as follows:the multicurrency Revolving Credit Facility would be reinstated for its total amount of €40 million (the “ RCF ”); the c.€621 million first lien facility (the “ First Lien Facility ”) would be reinstated for a total amount of approximatively c.€421 million; a portion in principal of the First Lien facility will be converted into a subordinated instrument stapled with the reinstated First Lien Facility for a total amount of c.€170 million; a debt to equity will be carried out through capital increases reserved to the benefit of the First Lien Facility lenders 7   to be subscribed by way of set-off of receivables including a portion in principal of the First Lien facility of €30 million 8 .The implementation of the Refinancing9 will be subject to approval by the general meeting (expected to be held during the second quarter of 2023) and to the visa of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under applicable regulation. The impact of these transactions on the Company's share capital is described in Appendix I. Evolution of the governance of the CompanyThe Conciliation Protocol provides that the governance of the Company will be set up as follow: The Board of Directors would in principle be composed of at least five independent directors  up to four of them may be proposed by the major shareholders;A reorganization of the special committees of the Board of Directors including the creation of a new Strategy Committee;New observers may be appointed upon proposal of the major shareholders.Other undertakings under the Conciliation ProtocolIn order to fully support the Company until the implementation of the Refinancing and thereafter  shareholders agreed not to transfer their Company securities until completion of the Refinancing and in addition to this undertaking the main lenders  in their capacity as shareholders  have undertaken not to transfer their shares in the Company and for a period of 12 months (subject to standard exceptions and a respiration right up to 15% of their initial shareholding in the six months following the implementation of the Restructuring and an additional 35% in the following six months). The Company will also benefit from a right of first offer in the event of a sale of shares by its main shareholders to competitors. The Company will undertake a strategic review over the next 24 months to explore options to maximize value for all stakeholders. The Company will also consider its options for a possible delisting from Euronext Paris in the short term.The implementation of the Restructuring will be subject to certain conditions precedent which include the following key points the usual regulatory approvals that may be required.the approval of the required resolutions by the general meeting which is expected to be held in the second quarter of 2023.the satisfaction of the conditions precedent provided in the financing documentation.*** WARNING / FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release contains certain statements that constitute ""forward-looking statements""  including but not limited to statements that are predictions of or indicate future events  trends  plans or objectives  based on certain assumptions or which do not directly relate to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed  forecasted  or implied by such forward-looking statements. Investors’ attention is drawn to the risk factors relating to Technicolor Creative Studios described in Chapter 3 of the prospectus prepare in connection with the admission of TCS shares to trading on the regulated market of Euronext  approved by the AMF on August 1  2022 under number 22-331 which is available free of charge and upon request at the company’s registered office  8-10 rue du Renard  75004 Paris  France  or on the websites of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org)  and Technicolor Creative Studios (https://www.technicolorcreative.com/investors/. This press release does not contain or constitute an offer of securities for sale or an invitation to invest in securities in France  the United States or any other jurisdiction. *** ABOUT TECHNICOLOR CREATIVE STUDIOS Technicolor Creative Studios shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCHCS) Technicolor Creative Studios is a creative technology company providing world-class production expertise driven by one purpose: The realization of ambitious and extraordinary ideas. Home to a network of award-winning studios  MPC  The Mill  Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games  we inspire creative companies across the world to produce their most iconic work. Our global teams of artists and technologists partner with the creative community across film  television  animation  gaming  brand experience and advertising to bring the universal art of storytelling to audiences everywhere. www.technicolorcreative.com ***Investor Relations Contact: investor.relations@technicolor.com Corporate press:Image 7: Technicolorcreative@image7.fr APPENDIX I – ILLUSTRATIVE PRO-FORMA EQUITY OWNERSHIP The transactions would have the following impacts on the share capital: Pro Forma shareholding Current At the Closing Date Post conversion of 100% of the Convertible Notes  being the PF Fully Diluted Share Capital Existing shareholders 100.0% 17.91% 12.0% Existing First Lien Facility Lenders 65.67% 44.0% New Money providers 16.42% 44.0% o/w New Money Credit Facility 16.42% 11.0% o/w Convertible Notes 33.0% Total shareholding 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% Appendix II – Indicative Terms & Conditions of instruments and reinstated debt under the Conciliation Protocol Convertible Notes New Money Credit Facility Amount €60 million net of original issue discount€110 million net of original issue discount and Underwriting feeFully underwritten by certain Lenders Investors BPI : c. €4 7 millionBarclays : c. €200 000Briarwood : : c. €5 9 millionVantiva : c. €10 million (with a right to purchase up to €10 million by way of acquisition on the secondary market of Convertible Notes held by Angelo Gordon within 6 months from the subscription date of the Convertible Notes)Angelo Gordon : c. €39 2 million Certain of the First Lien Facility lenders Drawing Convertible Notes and Lender New Money to be drawn pro rata.First drawdown : €85m in aggregate within 5 Euronext trade days from homologation of the Conciliation Protocol (“First Drawdown”) expected by end of March / beginning of April 2023: €85m in aggregate within 5 Euronext trade days from homologation of the Conciliation Protocol (“First Drawdown”) expected by end of March / beginning of April 2023 Second drawdown: €85m in aggregate expected in June 2023 (“Second Drawdown”). Maturity 31 July 2026 / bullet repayment at par in cash if not converted in equity 31 July 2026 / bullet repayment at par in cash Non-call N/A Non-Call 210; 103 for the following 12 months11 then repayment at par Interest Cash coupon: 0.75% EUR Tranche :Until June 2024Cash: Euribor (0% floor) + 0.5%PIK: 11.5% (subject to PIK toggle to cash if the last 12 months EBITDAal is equal to or greater than €110 000 000) ThereafterCash: Euribor (0% floor) + 2.0%PIK: 10.0% (subject to PIK toggle to cash if if the last 12 months EBITDAal is equal to or greater than €110 000 000)USD Tranche :Until June 2024Cash: Term SOFR (0% floor) + 0.5%PIK: 11.5% (subject to PIK toggle to cash if the last 12 months EBITDAal is equal to or greater than €110 000 000) Thereafter Cash: Term SOFR (0% floor) + 2.0%PIK: 10.0% (subject to PIK toggle to cash if the last 12 months EBITDAal is equal to or greater than €110 000 000) Original issue Discount 4.0% 5.0% Commitment Fee N/A 1.5% Commitment Fee on undrawn amount during the availability period Underwriting Fee N/A 3.5% Underwriting fee on the initial committed amount of the New Money Credit Facility Conversion of Convertible Notes 33% of the PF Fully Diluted Share CapitalAutomatic conversion into equity if EV is equal to or exceeds €1.2bn or EBITDAal exceeds €150 000 000.Voluntary conversion (in full or in part) upon each participating shareholders’ election at all times N/A Warrants N/A 11% of the PF Fully Diluted Share Capital Ranking Super senior (on a pari passu basis with the Reinstated Super Senior RCF) from date of the First Drawdown (security package plus intercreditor agreement) Security Security granted on First Drawdown (benefits all New Money amounts): first lien security on sufficient assets including a fiducie-sûreté over the shares of Mikros Images SAS (and golden share).Full security package (benefits all New Money amounts) to be put in place by Second Drawdown: first lien security on the shares of Tech 6 by way of fiducie-sûreté (and golden share) as well as first lien security on the other assets of the group (as per the security package for the existing debt). Reinstated RCF Reinstated First Lien Facility Amount €40 million c.€421 million12EUR tranche: €382 million13USD tranche: c.€39 million14 (EUR-equivalent) with right for to convert to EUR tranche Currency Euro  US Dollar  GBP or Canadian Dollars Euro for the EUR trancheUSD for the USDA tranche Ranking & Security Pari passu on the New Money security Second Lien on New Money security Maturity 31 July 2026 September 2026 / bullet repayment InterestCash: Euribor (0% floor) or Term SOFR (0% floor) or CDOR 0% floor) or SONIA 0% floor) + 2.0% cash PIK: 3.5% (subject to PIK toggle to cash if the last 12 months EBITDAal is equal to or greater than €110 000 000) EUR Tranche :Until June 2024Cash: Euribor (0% floor) + 0.5%PIK: 5.5% (subject to PIK toggle to cash if the last 12 months EBITDAal is equal to or greater than €140 000 000) ThereafterCash: Euribor (0% floor) + 2.0%PIK: 4.0% (subject to PIK toggle to cash if the last 12 months EBITDAal is equal to or greater than €140 000 000)USD Tranche :Until June 2024Cash: Term SOFR (0% floor) + 0.5%PIK:7.0% (subject to PIK toggle to cash if the last 12 months EBITDAal is equal to or greater than €140 000 000) Thereafter Cash: Term SOFR (0% floor) + 2.0%PIK: 5.5% (subject to PIK toggle to cash if the last 12 months EBITDAal is equal to or greater than €140 000 000) New Subordinated Instrument Amount €170 million Participants First Lien Facility lenders pro rata to their holdings in the First Lien Facility Use of proceeds To repay a portion of the First Lien Facility at par Security None Maturity / Amortisation Bullet repaymentInitial 10-year maturity  with unlimited extension option by successive 2-year periods at the option of the Company Interest PIK: 0.5% Stapling Stapled to the Reinstated First Lien Facility Ranking Contractual subordination to New Money (being any Convertible Notes not converted into equity and New Money Credit Facility) and Reinstated Debt. Senior to equity (including equity arising from conversion of Convertible Notes). 1 The amounts set out below are net of Initial Issue Discount and underwriting fees. 2 These €30 million bonds notes have the following features: 31 July 2023 maturity  cash coupon interest of 0.75%  redemption (including early redemption and redemption at maturity) premium of €1 25 million in case of absence of refinancing through the Convertible Notes  super senior ranking (on a pari passu basis with the first tranche super senior credit facility and the reinstated super senior RCF) from date of the drawdown early April.3 The first tranche super senior credit facility and the second tranche of super senior credit facility are together being referred to as the “New Money Credit Facility”.4 The strike of those warrants is expected to be 0.01€ per TCS share after a share capital reduction by way of reduction of the nominal value of each TCS share which will be proposed to the general meeting as part of the operations.5 Such conversion may occur on a voluntary basis at any time or on a mandatory basis  with mandatory conversionoccurring if the enterprise value of the Company exceeds €1.2 billion or the EBITDAal exceeds €150 000 000  ineach case  based on valuation methodology and mechanics to be agreed.6 The “PF Fully Diluted Share Capital”.7 Upon completion of the debt to equity  the First Lien Facility lenders will hold 65.67% of the Company’s share capital (44%of the PF Fully Diluted Share Capital) as set forth in Appendix I.8 The Company has been informed that the valuation work requested by the President of the Commercial Court as part of the conciliation proceedings from Ledouble  acting as independent valuator  concluded that the enterprise value of the Company is set between € 510 and 600 million.9 Excluding the Equity First Tranche Refinancing.10 Non-Call 2 means that during the first two years after the first drawdown  in case of early redemption  TCS would have to pay an indemnity equal to the total amount of interest which would have accrued on the amount which is prepaid from the early redemption date until the expiry date of the two-year period following the First Drawdown.11 « 103 for the following 12 months » means that in case of early redemption in the course of the third year  TCS would have to pay an indemnity equal to 3% of the relevant amount being prepaid.12 As from the second drawdown of the New Money Credit Facility and the issue of the Convertible Notes.13 As from the second drawdown of the New Money Credit Facility and the issue of the Convertible Notes.14 As from the second drawdown of the New Money Credit Facility and the issue of the Convertible Notes. Attachment ENGL2023-04-03-TCS-Execution-of-conciliation-protocolAll news about TECHNICOLOR CREATIVE STUDIOS 04/03 Global markets live: Tesla  McDonald's  Western Digital  Bed Bath & .. 04/03 Technicolor Creative Studios : Progressing towards delivering its recovery plan GL 04/03 Technicolor Creative Studios : Progressing towards delivering its recovery plan AQ 03/10 Technicolor Creative Studios Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December .. CI 03/10 Technicolor Creative Studios Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December .. CI 03/10 Technicolor Creative Studios : 2022 Full Year Results and business update GL 03/10 Technicolor Creative Studios : 2022 Full Year Results and business update GL 03/08 Shaping the future for technicolor creative studios following agreement on its refinan.. GL 03/08 Shaping the future for technicolor creative studios following agreement on its refinan.. GL 03/08 Technicolor Creative Studios announced that it expects to receive 60 million in f.. CI",neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,positive,0.93,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['Technicolor Creative Studios', 'recovery plan', 'CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE Technicolor Creative Studios', 'Technicolor Creative Studios’ full value potential', 'F irst tranche r efinancing drawdown', 'first tranche super senior credit facility', 'PF Fully Diluted Share Capital', 'first tranche credit facility', 'Equity First Tranche Participants', 'existing senior secured lenders', 'Equity First Tranche Refinancing', 'New Money Facility', 'multiple email addresses', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'thirty million euros', 'fifty million euros', 'sixty million euros', 'new money financing', 'five million dollars', 'original issue discount', 'New Money Lenders', 'aggregate principal amount', 'The Convertibles Notes', 'Convertible Notes issue', 'second tranche', 'diluted basis', 'First name', 'aggregate amount', 'existing indebtedness', 'New chapter', 'main lenders', 'five millions', 'Share warrants', 'bond issue', 'convertible bonds', 'bonds notes', 'recovery plan', 'E xecution', 'conciliation protocol', 'Commercial Court', 'conciliation procedure', 'Caroline Parot', 'long-term growth', 'key creditors', 'great work', 'underwriting fee', 'Angelo Gordon', 'Bpifrance Participations', 'subscription price', 'second quarter', 'main shareholders', 'major shareholders', 'Euronext Paris', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'April', 'TCHCS', 'Company', 'update', 'implementation', 'March', 'Q2', 'pproval', 'judgment', 'January', 'agreement', 'foundations', 'process', 'execution', 'schedule', 'confidence', 'support', 'teams', 'year', 'talent', 'creativity', 'dedication', 'reasons', 'industry', 'REBOUND', 'principle', 'accordance', 'terms', 'reinstatement', 'issuance', 'Briarwood', 'Barclays', 'way', 'case', 'net', 'OID', 'addition', 'proportion', 'exposure', 'Vantiva', 'Conversion', 'forma', 'announcement']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22121,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/03/2639191/0/en/Communication-following-the-announcement-of-FDA-Breakthrough-Device-Designation-for-the-Prima-System-in-Dry-AMD.html,Communication following the announcement of FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMD,Communication following the announcement of FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMD   Conversion of 160 ORNAN2022 by...,"English FrenchCommunication following the announcement of FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMDConversion of 160 ORNAN2022 by ESGO with intention to pursue controlled trading of sharesCost reduction measures implemented potentially extending the cash runway beyond the end of Q2 2023Continuation of the fundraising processBreakthrough Device Designation status to streamline FDA regulatory review processParis  April 3  2023 – 7:00 CET – Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641; Mnemo: ALPIX)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  welcomes the interest of the market in the latest developments in its business following the announcement of the FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMD and reports that European Select Growth Opportunities Fund managed by L1 Capital (""ESGO"")  the US-based investor specializing in healthcare  converted ORNAN2022. On Friday  March 31  2023  ESGO converted 160 ORNAN2022 representing a total amount of EUR 1 600 000 and the issuance of a total number of 65 573 769 ordinary shares  which makes ESGO a major shareholder in Pixium Vision.1 The conversion took place following the increased interest in Pixium Vision shares after the Company’s announcement of receiving the FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMD on Friday March 31  2023. This appreciation supports the continued interest by the market in the PRIMA technology as well as in the US development of its clinical trials and approval procedure. After this conversion  the share capital of the Company amounts to EUR 2 980 403.72 represented by 148 664 926 shares.""We welcome the increased interest in Pixium Vision following a more than 300% appreciation of our share price on Friday last week. Having received Breakthrough Device Designation from the FDA in the US is truly a remarkable achievement and continues to demonstrate Pixium Vision’s ability to meet its milestones”  said Lloyd Diamond  Chief Executive Officer of Pixium Vision. “As ESGO naturally does not intend to remain a material shareholder in the company  it advised us that it will responsibly trade our shares as to not significantly impact the share price.”ESGO also commented: “We are happy with the progress of Pixium Vision and are fully aware of our responsibility as a major shareholder. ESGO is committed to support Pixium Vision and although we cannot control the share price  our intention is to trade responsibly as to not affect the share price of Pixium Vision.”As indicated in a previous press release2  Pixium Vision continues to actively seek financing options to support its strategic ambitions  which are reinforced by the FDA Breakthrough Device Designation award for the Prima System in Dry AMD. At the same time  the Company continues to implement cost reduction measures with the intention to extend its cash runway beyond the end of the second quarter of 2023.On July 13  20223  an agreement with ESGO was signed for a total frame of EUR 30 000 000  which was terminated on February 13  2023 (link)  after drawdown of the first tranche of EUR 5 500 000 representing 550 ORNAN2022  with a one-year maturity date ending on July 13  2023. After Friday’s conversion  the number of outstanding ORNAN2022 is 125 amounting to a total EUR 1 250 0004.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Stanford University in California  Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The Company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.Forward-Looking Statements. This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risques”) section of the Company’s 2022 Half-Year Financial Report and other documents the Company files with the AMF  which is available on the AMF website (www.amf- france.org) or on the Company’s website.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officerinvestors@pixium-vision.com+33 1 76 21 47 68 Media RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsSophie Baumontsophie@lifesciadvisors.com+33 6 27 74 74 49 Investor RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van Renterghemgvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com+41 76 735 01 311 The conversion represented around 44.11 % of the share capital after conversion.2 Press release published by Pixium Vision on February 14  2023 (link)3 Press release published by Pixium Vision on July 14  2022 (link)4 The maturity date of the outstanding ORNAN2022 is July 13  2023 on which the remaining ORNAN2022 not converted or redeemed in cash will have to be reimbursed in cash at their nominal value.Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.6,0.18,0.22,True,English,"['FDA Breakthrough Device Designation', 'Prima System', 'Dry AMD', 'Communication', 'announcement', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'European Select Growth Opportunities Fund', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'FDA Breakthrough Device Designation award', 'FDA regulatory review process Paris', 'Breakthrough Device Designation status', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'Cost reduction measures', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'one-year maturity date', 'Facteurs de Risques', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', '2022 Half-Year Financial Report', 'previous press release', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'Friday last week', 'Pixium Vision shares', 'fundraising process', 'research partners', 'PRIMA technology', 'Dry AMD', 'University hospital', 'financial condition', 'la Vision', 'English French', 'controlled trading', 'cash runway', 'independent lives', 'latest developments', 'L1 Capital', 'US-based investor', 'major shareholder', 'clinical trials', 'approval procedure', 'share capital', 'share price', 'remarkable achievement', 'Lloyd Diamond', 'material shareholder', 'financing options', 'strategic ambitions', 'same time', 'second quarter', 'first tranche', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Stanford University', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'reasonable assumptions', 'actual results', 'Risk Factors', 'other documents', 'total amount', 'total frame', '65,573,769 ordinary shares', 'US development', 'numerous risks', 'total number', 'continued interest', 'outstanding ORNAN2022', 'bioelectronics company', '148,664,926 shares', '160 ORNAN2022', '550 ORNAN2022', 'Communication', 'announcement', 'Conversion', 'ESGO', 'intention', 'Q2', 'Continuation', 'April', '7:00 CET', 'Mnemo', 'ALPIX', 'patients', 'sight', 'market', 'business', 'healthcare', 'March', 'issuance', 'place', 'increased', 'appreciation', 'ability', 'milestones', 'progress', 'responsibility', 'July', 'agreement', 'February', 'link', 'drawdown', 'world', 'academic', 'California', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'Entreprise', 'Bpifrance', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'discussion', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,globenewswire.com
22122,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIXIUM-VISION-16603793/news/-Communication-following-the-announcement-of-FDA-Breakthrough-Device-Designation-for-the-Prima-Syst-43410861/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Communication following the announcement of FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMD,(marketscreener.com)       Communication following the announcement of FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMD Conversion of 160 ORNAN2022 by ESGO with intention to pursue controlled trading of sharesCost reduction measures impleme…,"Communication following the announcement of FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMDConversion of 160 ORNAN2022 by ESGO with intention to pursue controlled trading of sharesCost reduction measures implemented potentially extending the cash runway beyond the end of Q2 2023Continuation of the fundraising processBreakthrough Device Designation status to streamline FDA regulatory review processParis  April 3  2023 – 7:00 CET – Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641; Mnemo: ALPIX)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  welcomes the interest of the market in the latest developments in its business following the announcement of the FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMD and reports that European Select Growth Opportunities Fund managed by L1 Capital (""ESGO"")  the US-based investor specializing in healthcare  converted ORNAN2022. On Friday  March 31  2023  ESGO converted 160 ORNAN2022 representing a total amount of EUR 1 600 000 and the issuance of a total number of 65 573 769 ordinary shares  which makes ESGO a major shareholder in Pixium Vision.1 The conversion took place following the increased interest in Pixium Vision shares after the Company’s announcement of receiving the FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMD on Friday March 31  2023. This appreciation supports the continued interest by the market in the PRIMA technology as well as in the US development of its clinical trials and approval procedure. After this conversion  the share capital of the Company amounts to EUR 2 980 403.72 represented by 148 664 926 shares.""We welcome the increased interest in Pixium Vision following a more than 300% appreciation of our share price on Friday last week. Having received Breakthrough Device Designation from the FDA in the US is truly a remarkable achievement and continues to demonstrate Pixium Vision’s ability to meet its milestones”  said Lloyd Diamond  Chief Executive Officer of Pixium Vision. “As ESGO naturally does not intend to remain a material shareholder in the company  it advised us that it will responsibly trade our shares as to not significantly impact the share price.”ESGO also commented: “We are happy with the progress of Pixium Vision and are fully aware of our responsibility as a major shareholder. ESGO is committed to support Pixium Vision and although we cannot control the share price  our intention is to trade responsibly as to not affect the share price of Pixium Vision.”As indicated in a previous press release2  Pixium Vision continues to actively seek financing options to support its strategic ambitions  which are reinforced by the FDA Breakthrough Device Designation award for the Prima System in Dry AMD. At the same time  the Company continues to implement cost reduction measures with the intention to extend its cash runway beyond the end of the second quarter of 2023.On July 13  20223  an agreement with ESGO was signed for a total frame of EUR 30 000 000  which was terminated on February 13  2023 (link)  after drawdown of the first tranche of EUR 5 500 000 representing 550 ORNAN2022  with a one-year maturity date ending on July 13  2023. After Friday’s conversion  the number of outstanding ORNAN2022 is 125 amounting to a total EUR 1 250 0004.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Stanford University in California  Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The Company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.Forward-Looking Statements. This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risques”) section of the Company’s 2022 Half-Year Financial Report and other documents the Company files with the AMF  which is available on the AMF website (www.amf- france.org) or on the Company’s website.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officerinvestors@pixium-vision.com+33 1 76 21 47 68 Media RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsSophie Baumontsophie@lifesciadvisors.com+33 6 27 74 74 49 Investor RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van Renterghemgvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com+41 76 735 01 311 The conversion represented around 44.11 % of the share capital after conversion.2 Press release published by Pixium Vision on February 14  2023 (link)3 Press release published by Pixium Vision on July 14  2022 (link)4 The maturity date of the outstanding ORNAN2022 is July 13  2023 on which the remaining ORNAN2022 not converted or redeemed in cash will have to be reimbursed in cash at their nominal value.Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.61,0.14,0.25,True,English,"['FDA Breakthrough Device Designation', 'Prima System', 'Dry AMD', 'Communication', 'announcement', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'European Select Growth Opportunities Fund', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'FDA Breakthrough Device Designation award', 'FDA regulatory review process Paris', 'Breakthrough Device Designation status', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'Cost reduction measures', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'one-year maturity date', 'Facteurs de Risques', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', '2022 Half-Year Financial Report', 'previous press release', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'Friday last week', 'Pixium Vision shares', 'fundraising process', 'research partners', 'PRIMA technology', 'Dry AMD', 'University hospital', 'financial condition', 'la Vision', 'controlled trading', 'cash runway', 'independent lives', 'latest developments', 'L1 Capital', 'US-based investor', 'total amount', 'major shareholder', 'clinical trials', 'approval procedure', 'share capital', 'share price', 'remarkable achievement', 'Lloyd Diamond', 'material shareholder', 'financing options', 'strategic ambitions', 'same time', 'second quarter', 'total frame', 'first tranche', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Stanford University', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'reasonable assumptions', 'actual results', 'Risk Factors', 'other documents', '65,573,769 ordinary shares', 'total number', 'US development', 'numerous risks', 'continued interest', 'outstanding ORNAN2022', 'bioelectronics company', '148,664,926 shares', '160 ORNAN2022', '550 ORNAN2022', 'Communication', 'announcement', 'Conversion', 'ESGO', 'intention', 'Q2', 'Continuation', 'April', '7:00 CET', 'Mnemo', 'ALPIX', 'patients', 'sight', 'market', 'business', 'healthcare', 'March', 'issuance', 'place', 'appreciation', 'ability', 'milestones', 'progress', 'responsibility', 'July', 'agreement', 'February', 'link', 'drawdown', 'world', 'academic', 'California', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'Entreprise', 'Bpifrance', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'discussion', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22123,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/03/2639906/0/en/Nextensa-Nextensa-sells-office-building-Treesquare-in-Brussels-to-KGAL-Investment-Management.html,Nextensa: Nextensa sells office building Treesquare in Brussels to KGAL Investment Management,PRESS RELEASE  Brussels  3 April 2023  5.40 PM         Nextensa sells office building Treesquare in Brussels to KGAL Investment Management  The sale of......,"English Dutch FrenchPRESS RELEASEBrussels  3 April 2023  5.40 PMNextensa sells office building Treesquare in Brussels to KGAL Investment ManagementThe sale of Treesquare  a fully let sustainable office building located in the heart of the European district of Brussels  took place today. The German KGAL Investment Management purchased the property for the net price of 43.7 million euros by way of an asset deal.As a leading independent investment and asset manager  KGAL Investment Management (KGAL) has been active in the international real estate market for many years. The German group focuses on long-term investments for institutional and private investors in real estate  sustainable infrastructure and aviation. Treesquare will become part of the pan-European KGAL Core 4 Real Estate fund.""The property fits perfectly into the investment strategy of our KGAL Core 4 Real Estate fund  which combines core  core-plus and value-add properties in prime locations in major European cities. Letting the ESG-compliant office building to a wide range of solvent tenants from different sectors results in an optimally diversified cash flow.""André Zücker  Managing Director of KGAL Investment Management.First-class office experience in the best location in the countryTreesquare offers a first-class office experience at De Meeûs Square in Brussels' European district  the best office location in Belgium. When the building came into the hands of Nextensa (then Leasinvest Real Estate) in 2004  it was fully leased to a diplomatic representation to the European Union and an international company. Between 2016 and 2018  it was demolished and rebuilt as a AAA building meeting the highest quality standards in terms of sustainability and technology. The renovated Treesquare  designed by Assar Architects  is equipped with solar panels  a double skin facade with integrated solar shading  smart climate ceilings and a green roof. All elements that contribute to the sustainability profile of the building  which was awarded a ""BREEAM Excellent"" certificate in 2018. Treesquare consists of approximately 6 500 m² of floor space distributed over 12 floors and offers 32 parking spaces. Today  the office building is fully leased to twelve AAA-tenants such as Deutsche Börse  Netflix and Norton Rose.The sale of Treesquare fits within the strategy of real estate investor and developer Nextensa to realize exceptional added value through targeted divestments within its portfolio. In this manner  Nextensa wants to be able to respond proactively to interesting development opportunities that present themselves on the real estate market.“The sale of Treesquare is for Nextensa the reference of creating value. Nextensa bought this building in 2004 and transformed the asset into a brand-new sustainable building. We are very proud of this development and the sale of the building fits perfectly in the optimalisation of the LTV strategy.”Michel Van Geyte  CEO of NextensaNextensa was advised by CBRE. KGAL was advised by Allen & Overy  Arcadis and SPINE.ABOUT NEXTENSANextensa SA is a mixed real estate investor and developer. The company’s investment portfolio is divided between the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (41%)  Belgium (44%) and Austria (15%); its total value as of 31/12/2022 was approximately € 1.28 billion.As a developer  Nextensa is primarily active in shaping large urban developments. At Tour & Taxis (development of over 350 000 sqm) in Brussels  Nextensa is building a mixed real estate portfolio consisting of a revaluation of iconic buildings and new constructions. In Luxembourg (Cloche d’Or)  it is working in partnership on a major urban extension of more than 400 000 sqm consisting of offices  retail and residential buildings.The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and has a market capitalization of €519.1 million (value 31/12/2022).ABOUT KGALKGAL is a leading independent investment and asset manager with a managed investment volume of more than 16 billion euros. The focus of its investments is on long-term real capital investments for institutional and private investors in Real Estate  Sustainable Infrastructure and Aviation. The pan-European group was founded 55 years ago and is headquartered in Grünwald near Munich. 353 employees contribute to achieving sustainably stable earnings  taking into account return and risk aspects (as of 31 December 2022).FOR MORE INFORMATIONNEXTENSAMichel Van Geyte | Chief Executive OfficeGare Maritime  Picardstreet 11  B505  1000 Brussels  Belgium+32 2 882 10 08 | investor.relations@nextensa.euwww.nextensa.euKGALJacqueline Haben | Head of Marketing & CommunicationsTölzer Str. 15  82031 Grünwald  GermanyT +49 89 64143-051 | M +49 1520 2870010 | jacqueline.haben@kgal.dewww.kgal.deAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.78,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['office building Treesquare', 'KGAL Investment Management', 'Nextensa', 'Brussels', 'pan-European KGAL Core 4 Real Estate fund', 'The German KGAL Investment Management', 'De Meeûs Square', 'mixed real estate investor', 'mixed real estate portfolio', 'international real estate market', 'long-term real capital investments', 'Leasinvest Real Estate', 'English Dutch French', 'André Zücker', 'highest quality standards', 'double skin facade', 'smart climate ceilings', 'BREEAM Excellent"" certificate', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Michel Van Geyte', 'large urban developments', 'major urban extension', 'Tölzer Str.', 'leading independent investment', 'First-class office experience', 'Chief Executive Office', 'major European cities', 'integrated solar shading', 'best office location', 'exceptional added value', 'interesting development opportunities', 'ESG-compliant office building', 'sustainable office building', 'new sustainable building', ""Brussels' European district"", 'pan-European group', 'German group', 'long-term investments', 'investment portfolio', 'best location', 'market capitalization', 'investment volume', 'investment strategy', 'sustainable infrastructure', 'European Union', 'solar panels', 'new constructions', 'international company', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'net price', '43.7 million euros', 'many years', 'private investors', 'value-add properties', 'prime locations', 'wide range', 'solvent tenants', 'different sectors', 'cash flow', 'Managing Director', 'diplomatic representation', 'Assar Architects', 'green roof', 'floor space', '32 parking spaces', 'twelve AAA-tenants', 'Norton Rose', 'targeted divestments', 'Grand Duchy', 'iconic buildings', 'residential buildings', '16 billion euros', 'Grünwald', 'stable earnings', 'risk aspects', 'Gare Maritime', 'Jacqueline Haben', 'AAA building', 'asset deal', 'asset manager', 'total value', 'LTV strategy', 'sustainability profile', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Nextensa SA', '1000 Brussels', '3 April', 'Treesquare', 'sale', 'heart', 'place', 'property', 'way', 'institutional', 'aviation', 'part', 'core-plus', 'country', 'Belgium', 'hands', 'terms', 'technology', 'elements', '6,500 m²', '12 floors', 'Netflix', 'developer', 'manner', 'reference', 'optimalisation', 'CEO', 'CBRE', 'Allen', 'Overy', 'Arcadis', 'SPINE', 'Luxembourg', 'Austria', '31/12', 'Tour', 'Taxis', '350,000 sqm', 'revaluation', 'Cloche', '400,000 sqm', 'offices', 'retail', 'focus', 'Munich', '353 employees', 'account', 'return', '31 December', 'MORE', 'INFORMATION', 'Picardstreet', 'B50', 'relations', 'Head', 'Marketing', 'Communications', 'Germany', 'Attachment', '5.40']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,globenewswire.com
22124,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-43410984/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6954 £ 23.5650 Estimated MTD return -2.16 % -2.04 % Estimated YTD return -3.87 % -3.53 % Estimated ITD return 166.95 % 135.65 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.59 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.37 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury 850 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 234.5330 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 125.7557The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '850 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '59']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22125,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-43410977/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                        BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6954 £ 23.5650 Estimated MTD return -2.16 % -2.04 % Estimated YTD return -3.87 % -3.53 % Estimated ITD return 166.95 % 135.65 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.59 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.37 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury 850 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 234.5330 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 125.7557The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '850 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '59']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22126,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ANHEUSER-BUSCH-INBEV-SA-N-31571356/news/Budweiser-and-Premier-League-Pair-Footballers-and-Music-Icons-for-New-Show-Behind-The-Game-43412029/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Budweiser and Premier League Pair Footballers and Music Icons for New Show Behind The Game,(marketscreener.com) Budweiser  an Anheuser-Busch InBev global brand and the Premier League have teamed up to bring footballers and stars of music together in a new content series  Behind The Game  which launches for fans around the world on Wednesday 12 Apr…,"Budweiser  an Anheuser-Busch InBev (AB InBev) (Brussel:ABI) (BMV:ANB) (JSE:ANH) (NYSE:BUD) global brand and the Premier League have teamed up to bring footballers and stars of music together in a new content series  Behind The Game  which launches for fans around the world on Wednesday 12 April.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230403005189/en/Budweiser global and the Premier League's original show pairs iconic athletes and musicians for conversations ""Behind the Game"" (Graphic: Business Wire)The new show is part of the extended partnership between global Budweiser and the Premier League  who have co-developed the authentic and engaging entertainment series. Behind The Game gives fans a unique insight into the icons of their favorite sport and music  with guests sharing stories of their unknown passions.Former Arsenal striker Ian Wright hosts the show  in which guests partake in Budweiser bar games while discussing their careers and off-pitch interests  as well as the challenges and triumphs they have faced along the way.“I'm so excited for you all to see this show. It's been a privilege to get to know these talented footballers and musicians ” said Ian Wright. “When you've faced the same pressures  criticism  joys and moments of self-doubt as a person  and you find common ground in your experiences  you can get a lot from a conversation. Some of their bar game skills need some work  though!”“The Premier League is a world-class football league; our partnership allows us to further connect with key consumers and football fans across the globe. We are thrilled to extend our partnership in a meaningful way that goes beyond traditional sponsorship ” said Todd Allen  Global Budweiser Vice President. “This new series builds on our deep experience producing original content that connect our brand with culture  and we are excited to be at the forefront of sharing these stories.”Premier League Chief Commercial Officer Will Brass said: “We are delighted to be working with Budweiser to deliver a new show to fans around the world  bringing footballers and musical icons together to share stories and talk about how they made it to where they are today.“There is so much crossover between the worlds of football and music and we are excited to show the stars of these films in a different light  with the conversations brought together perfectly by Ian Wright.”How to watchFollowing the premier of each episode fans can watch the full series on the Premier League YouTube channel starting 12 April. Additionally  the show is also being made available to the League’s international licensees. Fans can also access Budweiser-exclusive content on the brand’s social channels. Details on the players and personalities featured can be found here.Production detailsDeveloped and produced by COPA90 studios in collaboration with Premier League ProductionsAbout the Premier LeagueThe Premier League produces some of the most competitive and compelling football in the world. The League and its clubs use the power and popularity of the competition to inspire fans  communities and partners in the UK and across the world. The Premier League brings people together from all backgrounds. It is a competition for everyone  everywhere and is available to watch in 880 million homes in 188 countries.About AB InBev and BudweiserAB InBev is a publicly traded company (Euronext: ABI) based in Leuven  Belgium  with secondary listings on the Mexico (MEXBOL: ANB) and South Africa (JSE: ANH) stock exchanges and with American Depositary Receipts on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BUD). As a company  we dream big to create a future with more cheers. We are always looking to serve up new ways to meet life’s moments  move our industry forward and make a meaningful impact in the world. We are committed to building great brands that stand the test of time and to brewing the best beers using the finest ingredients. Our diverse portfolio of well over 500 beer brands includes global brands Budweiser®  Corona® and Stella Artois®; multi-country brands Beck’s®  Hoegaarden®  Leffe® and Michelob ULTRA®; and local champions such as Aguila®  Antarctica®  Bud Light®  Brahma®  Cass®  Castle®  Castle Lite®  Cristal®  Harbin®  Jupiler®  Modelo Especial®  Quilmes®  Victoria®  Sedrin®  and Skol®. Our brewing heritage dates back more than 600 years  spanning continents and generations. From our European roots at the Den Hoorn brewery in Leuven  Belgium. To the pioneering spirit of the Anheuser & Co brewery in St. Louis  US. To the creation of the Castle Brewery in South Africa during the Johannesburg gold rush. To Bohemia  the first brewery in Brazil. Geographically diversified with a balanced exposure to developed and developing markets  we leverage the collective strengths of approximately 167 000 colleagues based in nearly 50 countries worldwide. For 2022  AB InBev’s reported revenue was 57.8 billion USD (excluding JVs and associates).Budweiser is a medium-bodied  flavourful  crisp American-style lager. Brewed with the best barley mallet and a blend of premium hop varieties  Budweiser is an icon of optimism and celebration which is enjoyed in over 60 countries around the world and is committed to brewing every Budweiser with 100% renewable electricity.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230403005189/en/",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.78,0.1,0.12,True,English,"['Premier League Pair Footballers', 'Music Icons', 'New Show', 'Budweiser', 'The', 'Game', 'Premier League Chief Commercial Officer Will Brass', 'medium-bodied, flavourful, crisp American-s', 'Premier League YouTube channel', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Global Budweiser Vice President', 'Former Arsenal striker', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'Johannesburg gold rush', 'Premier League Productions', 'engaging entertainment series', 'The Premier League', 'Den Hoorn brewery', 'world-class football league', 'bar game skills', 'Budweiser bar games', 'new content series', 'The League', 'new series', 'stock exchanges', 'full series', 'new ways', 'global brands', 'The Game', 'original content', 'Budweiser-exclusive content', 'Co brewery', 'first brewery', 'Anheuser-Busch InBev', 'AB InBev', 'press release', 'full release', 'iconic athletes', 'Business Wire', 'new show', 'unique insight', 'favorite sport', 'unknown passions', 'Ian Wright', 'pitch interests', 'same pressures', 'common ground', 'key consumers', 'traditional sponsorship', 'Todd Allen', 'deep experience', 'different light', 'international licensees', 'social channels', 'COPA90 studios', 'compelling football', '880 million homes', 'secondary listings', 'South Africa', 'meaningful impact', 'great brands', 'best beers', 'finest ingredients', 'diverse portfolio', '500 beer brands', 'Stella Artois', 'multi-country brands', 'Michelob ULTRA', 'local champions', 'Modelo Especial®', 'brewing heritage', 'European roots', 'pioneering spirit', 'St. Louis', 'balanced exposure', 'developing markets', 'collective strengths', 'Castle Brewery', 'Castle Lite', 'original show', 'meaningful way', 'musical icons', 'Production details', 'Bud Light®', 'extended partnership', 'talented footballers', 'football fans', 'JSE:ANH', 'Budweiser®', 'Castle®', 'Brussel', 'ABI', 'BMV', 'ANB', 'stars', 'Wednesday', '12 April', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'musicians', 'conversations', 'Graphic', 'authentic', 'guests', 'stories', 'careers', 'challenges', 'triumphs', 'privilege', 'criticism', 'joys', 'moments', 'self-doubt', 'person', 'experiences', 'lot', 'work', 'globe', 'culture', 'forefront', 'crossover', 'worlds', 'films', 'episode', 'players', 'collaboration', 'competitive', 'clubs', 'power', 'popularity', 'competition', 'communities', 'UK', 'people', 'backgrounds', 'everyone', '188 countries', 'company', 'Leuven', 'Belgium', 'Mexico', 'MEXBOL', 'NYSE', 'future', 'cheers', 'life', 'industry', 'test', 'Corona®', 'Beck', 'Hoegaarden', 'Leffe', 'Aguila®', 'Antarctica®', 'Brahma', 'Cass®', 'Cristal', 'Harbin', 'Jupiler', 'Quilmes', 'Victoria', 'Sedrin', 'Skol', '600 years', 'continents', 'generations', 'creation', 'Bohemia', 'Brazil', 'developed', '167,000 colleagues', '50 countries', 'revenue', 'JVs', 'associates']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22127,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/03/2639196/0/en/ForFarmers-N-V-ForFarmers-announces-changes-in-Executive-Board.html,ForFarmers N.V.: ForFarmers announces changes in Executive Board,Lochem  3 April 2023  ForFarmers announces changes in Executive Board The supervisory board of ForFarmers announces that Theo Spierings has to resign...,"English DutchLochem  3 April 2023ForFarmers announces changes in Executive BoardThe supervisory board of ForFarmers announces that Theo Spierings has to resign from his position as CEO due to health reasons and personal circumstances. Mr. Spierings has consequently decided to terminate his one-year contract prematurely. The supervisory board has appointed co-director Pieter Wolleswinkel as CEO of ForFarmers  effective from 3 April 2023.In addition  the supervisory board has decided to nominate Rob Kiers as member of the executive board  so that it will consist of three members again. An extraordinary general meeting of shareholders will be convened for this at short notice.Theo Spierings was appointed to member and CEO Of the executive board of ForFarmers on 17 January 2023 for the duration of one year. Jan van Nieuwenhuizen  chairman of the supervisory board: “We sincerely regret that Theo is forced to resign from his position. In recent months  he has emphasized important aspects in the implementation of the revised strategy that was announced at the end of last year. His knowledge and experience in the field of sustainability and transformation have been valuable in this regard. We thank Theo for his input and wish him all the best.""“Pieter Wolleswinkel  already a member of the executive board and responsible for ForFarmers Netherlands  has temporarily assumed CEO duties in the past year and has proven himself as a solid director. With the appointment of Pieter as CEO  we are securing continuity  expertise and international experience in the executive board. We are also nominating Rob Kiers as a member of the executive board  again an appointment from our own ranks. In his position as Director M&A and Strategy  we have come to know Rob as a driven professional. We are convinced that he fits perfectly in the management team under Pieter's leadership""  says Jan van Nieuwenhuizen.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Note to the editor / For further information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director of Investor RelationsM +31 (0)6 10 94 91 61 • E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euAbout ForFarmersForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that provides complete innovative feed solutions to the livestock farming industry. With its For the Future of Farming mission ForFarmers underpins its commitment both to the continuity of farming and to further increasing the sustainability of the agricultural sector. ForFarmers is a leading feed producer in Europe with annual sales of around 9 million tonnes of animal feed and is active in the Netherlands  Belgium  Germany  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has around 2 500 employees and in 2022 generated revenue of approximately €3.3 billion. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.P.O. Box 917240 AB LochemThe NetherlandsT: +31 (0)573 28 88 00info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  for example relating to ForFarmers’ legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition forward-looking statements may  without limitation  contain phrases such as “intends to”  ""expects”  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at”  ''plans to”  ""estimates"" and/or words of a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers’ future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties which may lead to material differences between the actual results and performance and the expected future results or performance as implicitly or explicitly contained in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in  or contribute to  deviations from current expectations include  but are not limited to developments in legislation  technology  taxation  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal proceedings  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers are discussed in the most recently published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release relate solely to statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility whatsoever to update the forward-looking statements contained in this release  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.1,0.53,True,English,"['ForFarmers N.V.', 'Executive Board', 'changes', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'complete innovative feed solutions', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Jan van Nieuwenhuizen', 'leading feed producer', 'P.O. Box', 'share price fluctuations', 'general economic conditions', 'Director M&A', 'English Dutch Lochem', 'livestock farming industry', 'The Netherlands T', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'ForFarmers’ legal obligations', 'future financial results', 'director Pieter Wolleswinkel', 'animal feed', 'legal proceedings', 'solid director', 'actual results', 'future results', 'Executive Board', 'supervisory board', 'health reasons', 'personal circumstances', 'Mr. Spierings', 'one-year contract', 'three members', 'short notice', 'one year', 'recent months', 'important aspects', 'last year', 'past year', 'management team', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'Investor Relations', 'international organisation', 'Farming mission', 'agricultural sector', 'annual sales', '9 million tonnes', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'business plans', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'annual report', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'future events', 'press release', 'Rob Kiers', 'ForFarmers Netherlands', 'Theo Spierings', 'international experience', 'inside information', 'similar meaning', 'other factors', 'new information', 'CEO duties', 'Caroline Vogelzang', '3 April', 'changes', 'addition', 'shareholders', '17 January', 'duration', 'chairman', 'implementation', 'strategy', 'end', 'knowledge', 'field', 'sustainability', 'transformation', 'regard', 'input', 'appointment', 'continuity', 'expertise', 'ranks', 'professional', 'leadership', 'Note', 'editor', 'commitment', 'Europe', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'Poland', '2,500 employees', 'revenue', 'example', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'expects', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'deviations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'taxation', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'date', 'document', 'responsibility']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,globenewswire.com
22128,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORFARMERS-N-V-27753904/news/ForFarmers-N-V-ForFarmers-announces-changes-in-Executive-Board-43410870/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,ForFarmers N.V.: ForFarmers announces changes in Executive Board,(marketscreener.com) Lochem  3 April 2023 ForFarmers announces changes in Executive Board The supervisory board of ForFarmers announces that Theo Spierings has to resign from his position as CEO due to health reasons and personal circumstances. Mr. Spierings …,"Lochem  3 April 2023ForFarmers announces changes in Executive BoardThe supervisory board of ForFarmers announces that Theo Spierings has to resign from his position as CEO due to health reasons and personal circumstances. Mr. Spierings has consequently decided to terminate his one-year contract prematurely. The supervisory board has appointed co-director Pieter Wolleswinkel as CEO of ForFarmers  effective from 3 April 2023.In addition  the supervisory board has decided to nominate Rob Kiers as member of the executive board  so that it will consist of three members again. An extraordinary general meeting of shareholders will be convened for this at short notice.Theo Spierings was appointed to member and CEO Of the executive board of ForFarmers on 17 January 2023 for the duration of one year. Jan van Nieuwenhuizen  chairman of the supervisory board: “We sincerely regret that Theo is forced to resign from his position. In recent months  he has emphasized important aspects in the implementation of the revised strategy that was announced at the end of last year. His knowledge and experience in the field of sustainability and transformation have been valuable in this regard. We thank Theo for his input and wish him all the best.""“Pieter Wolleswinkel  already a member of the executive board and responsible for ForFarmers Netherlands  has temporarily assumed CEO duties in the past year and has proven himself as a solid director. With the appointment of Pieter as CEO  we are securing continuity  expertise and international experience in the executive board. We are also nominating Rob Kiers as a member of the executive board  again an appointment from our own ranks. In his position as Director M&A and Strategy  we have come to know Rob as a driven professional. We are convinced that he fits perfectly in the management team under Pieter's leadership""  says Jan van Nieuwenhuizen.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Note to the editor / For further information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director of Investor RelationsM +31 (0)6 10 94 91 61 • E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euAbout ForFarmersForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that provides complete innovative feed solutions to the livestock farming industry. With its For the Future of Farming mission ForFarmers underpins its commitment both to the continuity of farming and to further increasing the sustainability of the agricultural sector. ForFarmers is a leading feed producer in Europe with annual sales of around 9 million tonnes of animal feed and is active in the Netherlands  Belgium  Germany  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has around 2 500 employees and in 2022 generated revenue of approximately €3.3 billion. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.P.O. Box 917240 AB LochemThe NetherlandsT: +31 (0)573 28 88 00info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  for example relating to ForFarmers’ legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition forward-looking statements may  without limitation  contain phrases such as “intends to”  ""expects”  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at”  ''plans to”  ""estimates"" and/or words of a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers’ future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties which may lead to material differences between the actual results and performance and the expected future results or performance as implicitly or explicitly contained in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in  or contribute to  deviations from current expectations include  but are not limited to developments in legislation  technology  taxation  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal proceedings  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers are discussed in the most recently published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release relate solely to statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility whatsoever to update the forward-looking statements contained in this release  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.15,0.55,True,English,"['ForFarmers N.V.', 'Executive Board', 'changes', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'complete innovative feed solutions', 'ForFarmers’ future financial results', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Jan van Nieuwenhuizen', 'leading feed producer', 'P.O. Box', 'share price fluctuations', 'general economic conditions', 'Director M&A', 'livestock farming industry', 'The Netherlands T', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'ForFarmers’ legal obligations', 'director Pieter Wolleswinkel', 'animal feed', 'actual results', 'future results', 'legal proceedings', 'solid director', 'Executive Board', 'supervisory board', 'health reasons', 'personal circumstances', 'Mr. Spierings', 'one-year contract', 'three members', 'short notice', 'one year', 'recent months', 'important aspects', 'last year', 'past year', 'management team', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'Investor Relations', 'international organisation', 'Farming mission', 'agricultural sector', 'annual sales', '9 million tonnes', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'business plans', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'annual report', 'future events', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'press release', 'ForFarmers Netherlands', 'Rob Kiers', 'Theo Spierings', 'international experience', 'inside information', 'similar meaning', 'other factors', 'new information', 'CEO duties', 'Caroline Vogelzang', 'Lochem', '3 April', 'changes', 'addition', 'shareholders', '17 January', 'duration', 'chairman', 'implementation', 'strategy', 'end', 'knowledge', 'field', 'sustainability', 'transformation', 'regard', 'input', 'appointment', 'continuity', 'expertise', 'ranks', 'professional', 'leadership', 'Note', 'editor', 'commitment', 'Europe', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'Poland', '2,500 employees', 'revenue', 'example', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'expects', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'deviations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'taxation', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'date', 'document', 'responsibility']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22129,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/assorted/veon-obtains-licenses-to-amend-2023-notes-and-extend-maturities-432SI-3047398,VEON Obtains Licenses to Amend 2023 Notes and Extend Maturities By Investing.com,VEON Obtains Licenses to Amend 2023 Notes and Extend Maturities,VEON (VEON) Obtains Licenses to Amend 2023 Notes and Extend MaturitiesVEON +0.37% Add to/Remove from WatchlistVEON (NASDAQ: ) Ltd. and VEON Holdings B.V.VEON obtains remaining licences required to amend its 2023 Notes and extend their maturitiesVEON Ltd. (VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  and its subsidiary  VEON Holdings B.V. (the “Company”)  are pleased to announce that they have now received the remaining licences and regulatory confirmations required to implement the amendments to its 2023 Notes from UK  Dutch and Bermuda authorities.In addition to the OFAC Licence received on 23 December 2022  the OFSI Licence was received on 23 February 2023  a confirmation was received on 9 March 2023 from the Netherlands Ministry of Finance that a licence or authorisation is not required in connection with implementation of the amendments to the 2023 Notes  and a licence was received from the Bermudan Sanctions Authority on 31 March 2023. The Company is satisfied that it has now received all authorisations and/or licences necessary to implement the amendments to the 2023 Notes as set out in the Scheme.VEON Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu commented: “We welcome the receipt of these licences for implementation of the amendments under the Scheme  which allow for the extension of the maturities of our 2023 notes  among other measures. We believe that the amendments are in the best interest of all stakeholders  providing our Group with additional time to conclude the sale of our Russian business and to mitigate the risk of double payments of principal.”The Company will announce under separate notices the anticipated process and timeline for the implementation of the Amendments and the Put Right.Capitalised terms used but not defined in this announcement have the meaning given to them in the Explanatory Statement issued by the Company on 21 December 2022  as amended on 11 January 2023  which is available on the Scheme Website at https://deals.is.kroll.com/veon.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com.Important NoticeThis release is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute a prospectus or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction  nor shall there be any offer of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under applicable securities laws.This press release is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.This communication or information contained herein is not an offer  or an invitation to make offers  to sell  exchange or otherwise transfer securities in the Russian Federation to or for the benefit of any Russian person or entity and does not constitute an advertisement or offering of securities in the Russian Federation within the meaning of Russian securities laws.Elements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 with respect to VEON Holdings B.V.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON disclaims any obligation to update them or to announce publicly any revision to any of the forward-looking statements contained in this release  or to make corrections to reflect future events or developments  other than as set forth above or as required by U.S. securities regulations.Any steps taken in respect of the Scheme and in connection with the Amendments and the Put Right must be in compliance with all applicable sanctions laws and regulations  including the sanctions laws and regulations administered by the European Union  the United Kingdom and the United States  and including securing any necessary licences and approvals from competent sanctions authorities.Contact InformationVEONGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawbonds@veon.comSource: VEON Ltd.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.08,0.49,True,English,"['VEON', 'Licenses', '2023 Notes', 'Maturities', 'Investing', 'Contact InformationVEONGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawbonds', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'VEON Holdings B.V.', 'U.S. securities regulations', 'global digital operator', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'Bermudan Sanctions Authority', 'applicable sanctions laws', 'applicable securities laws', 'competent sanctions authorities', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Russian securities laws', 'VEON Group CEO', 'Bermuda authorities', 'Russian business', 'Russian Federation', 'Russian person', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'regulatory confirmations', 'Netherlands Ministry', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'other measures', 'best interest', 'additional time', 'double payments', 'separate notices', 'Put Right', 'Capitalised terms', 'Explanatory Statement', '200 million customers', 'economic growth', 'Important NoticeThis', 'United States', 'looking statements', 'historical facts', 'future events', 'European Union', 'United Kingdom', 'remaining licences', 'necessary licences', 'OFAC Licence', 'OFSI Licence', 'informational purposes', 'other jurisdiction', 'VEON Ltd', 'inside information', 'press release', 'The Company', 'Scheme Website', 'Ltd.', 'Licenses', '2023 Notes', 'Maturities', 'Watchlist', 'NASDAQ', 'subsidiary', 'amendments', 'UK', 'Dutch', '23 December', '23 February', '9 March', 'Finance', 'authorisation', 'connection', 'implementation', '31 March', 'receipt', 'extension', 'stakeholders', 'sale', 'risk', 'principal', 'process', 'timeline', 'announcement', 'meaning', '21 December', '11 January', 'VEONVEON', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'Amsterdam', 'Euronext', 'prospectus', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'qualification', 'communication', 'invitation', 'benefit', 'entity', 'advertisement', 'Elements', 'respect', 'DisclaimerThis', 'forward', 'phrase', 'Section', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'obligation', 'revision', 'corrections', 'developments', 'steps', 'compliance', 'approvals', 'Source']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,investing.com
22130,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXTENSA-SA-5965/news/Nextensa-Nextensa-sells-office-building-Treesquare-in-Brussels-to-KGAL-Investment-Management-43417105/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Nextensa: Nextensa sells office building Treesquare in Brussels to KGAL Investment Management,(marketscreener.com)  PRESS RELEASE Brussels  3 April 2023  5.40 PM        Nextensa sells office building Treesquare in Brussels to KGAL Investment Management The sale of Treesquare  a fully let sustainable office building located in the heart of the Europea…,"PRESS RELEASEBrussels  3 April 2023  5.40 PMNextensa sells office building Treesquare in Brussels to KGAL Investment ManagementThe sale of Treesquare  a fully let sustainable office building located in the heart of the European district of Brussels  took place today. The German KGAL Investment Management purchased the property for the net price of 43.7 million euros by way of an asset deal.As a leading independent investment and asset manager  KGAL Investment Management (KGAL) has been active in the international real estate market for many years. The German group focuses on long-term investments for institutional and private investors in real estate  sustainable infrastructure and aviation. Treesquare will become part of the pan-European KGAL Core 4 Real Estate fund.""The property fits perfectly into the investment strategy of our KGAL Core 4 Real Estate fund  which combines core  core-plus and value-add properties in prime locations in major European cities. Letting the ESG-compliant office building to a wide range of solvent tenants from different sectors results in an optimally diversified cash flow.""André Zücker  Managing Director of KGAL Investment Management.First-class office experience in the best location in the countryTreesquare offers a first-class office experience at De Meeûs Square in Brussels' European district  the best office location in Belgium. When the building came into the hands of Nextensa (then Leasinvest Real Estate) in 2004  it was fully leased to a diplomatic representation to the European Union and an international company. Between 2016 and 2018  it was demolished and rebuilt as a AAA building meeting the highest quality standards in terms of sustainability and technology. The renovated Treesquare  designed by Assar Architects  is equipped with solar panels  a double skin facade with integrated solar shading  smart climate ceilings and a green roof. All elements that contribute to the sustainability profile of the building  which was awarded a ""BREEAM Excellent"" certificate in 2018. Treesquare consists of approximately 6 500 m² of floor space distributed over 12 floors and offers 32 parking spaces. Today  the office building is fully leased to twelve AAA-tenants such as Deutsche Börse  Netflix and Norton Rose.The sale of Treesquare fits within the strategy of real estate investor and developer Nextensa to realize exceptional added value through targeted divestments within its portfolio. In this manner  Nextensa wants to be able to respond proactively to interesting development opportunities that present themselves on the real estate market.“The sale of Treesquare is for Nextensa the reference of creating value. Nextensa bought this building in 2004 and transformed the asset into a brand-new sustainable building. We are very proud of this development and the sale of the building fits perfectly in the optimalisation of the LTV strategy.”Michel Van Geyte  CEO of NextensaNextensa was advised by CBRE. KGAL was advised by Allen & Overy  Arcadis and SPINE.ABOUT NEXTENSANextensa SA is a mixed real estate investor and developer. The company’s investment portfolio is divided between the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (41%)  Belgium (44%) and Austria (15%); its total value as of 31/12/2022 was approximately € 1.28 billion.As a developer  Nextensa is primarily active in shaping large urban developments. At Tour & Taxis (development of over 350 000 sqm) in Brussels  Nextensa is building a mixed real estate portfolio consisting of a revaluation of iconic buildings and new constructions. In Luxembourg (Cloche d’Or)  it is working in partnership on a major urban extension of more than 400 000 sqm consisting of offices  retail and residential buildings.The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and has a market capitalization of €519.1 million (value 31/12/2022).ABOUT KGALKGAL is a leading independent investment and asset manager with a managed investment volume of more than 16 billion euros. The focus of its investments is on long-term real capital investments for institutional and private investors in Real Estate  Sustainable Infrastructure and Aviation. The pan-European group was founded 55 years ago and is headquartered in Grünwald near Munich. 353 employees contribute to achieving sustainably stable earnings  taking into account return and risk aspects (as of 31 December 2022).FOR MORE INFORMATIONNEXTENSAMichel Van Geyte | Chief Executive OfficeGare Maritime  Picardstreet 11  B505  1000 Brussels  Belgium+32 2 882 10 08 | investor.relations@nextensa.euwww.nextensa.euKGALJacqueline Haben | Head of Marketing & CommunicationsTölzer Str. 15  82031 Grünwald  GermanyT +49 89 64143-051 | M +49 1520 2870010 | jacqueline.haben@kgal.dewww.kgal.deAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['office building Treesquare', 'KGAL Investment Management', 'Nextensa', 'Brussels', 'pan-European KGAL Core 4 Real Estate fund', 'The German KGAL Investment Management', 'mixed real estate investor', 'De Meeûs Square', 'mixed real estate portfolio', 'international real estate market', 'long-term real capital investments', 'Leasinvest Real Estate', 'André Zücker', 'highest quality standards', 'double skin facade', 'smart climate ceilings', 'BREEAM Excellent"" certificate', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Michel Van Geyte', 'large urban developments', 'major urban extension', 'Tölzer Str.', 'leading independent investment', 'First-class office experience', 'Chief Executive Office', 'major European cities', 'integrated solar shading', 'best office location', 'exceptional added value', 'interesting development opportunities', 'ESG-compliant office building', 'sustainable office building', 'new sustainable building', ""Brussels' European district"", 'pan-European group', 'German group', 'long-term investments', 'investment portfolio', 'best location', 'market capitalization', 'investment volume', 'investment strategy', 'sustainable infrastructure', 'European Union', 'solar panels', 'new constructions', 'international company', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'net price', '43.7 million euros', 'many years', 'private investors', 'value-add properties', 'prime locations', 'wide range', 'solvent tenants', 'different sectors', 'cash flow', 'Managing Director', 'diplomatic representation', 'Assar Architects', 'green roof', 'floor space', '32 parking spaces', 'twelve AAA-tenants', 'Norton Rose', 'targeted divestments', 'Grand Duchy', 'iconic buildings', 'residential buildings', '16 billion euros', 'Grünwald', 'stable earnings', 'risk aspects', 'Gare Maritime', 'Jacqueline Haben', 'AAA building', 'asset deal', 'asset manager', 'total value', 'LTV strategy', 'sustainability profile', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Nextensa SA', '1000 Brussels', '3 April', 'Treesquare', 'sale', 'heart', 'place', 'property', 'way', 'institutional', 'aviation', 'part', 'core-plus', 'country', 'Belgium', 'hands', 'terms', 'technology', 'elements', '6,500 m²', '12 floors', 'Netflix', 'developer', 'manner', 'reference', 'optimalisation', 'CEO', 'CBRE', 'Allen', 'Overy', 'Arcadis', 'SPINE', 'Luxembourg', 'Austria', '31/12', 'Tour', 'Taxis', '350,000 sqm', 'revaluation', 'Cloche', '400,000 sqm', 'offices', 'retail', 'focus', 'Munich', '353 employees', 'account', 'return', '31 December', 'MORE', 'INFORMATION', 'Picardstreet', 'B50', 'relations', 'Head', 'Marketing', 'Communications', 'Germany', 'Attachment', '5.40']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22131,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SONAECOM-SGPS-S-A-5836/news/Sonaecom-SGPS-S-A-SGPS-SA-informs-on-the-2022-Corporate-Governance-Report-43418438/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Sonaecom SGPS S A :   SGPS  SA informs on the 2022 Corporate Governance Report,(marketscreener.com)    - CORPORTE GOVERNANCE      Part I - Shareholding Structure  Organisation and Corporate   Governance   Part II - Assessment of Corporate Governance   Appendix I  II and III       ...https://www.marketscreener.co…,"- CORPORTE GOVERNANCEPart I - Shareholding Structure  Organisation and Corporate Governance Part II - Assessment of Corporate Governance Appendix I  II and IIICorporate Governance 2022 3 Part I - Shareholding Structure  Organisation and Corporate Governance A. Shareholding Structure I - Share capital structure 1. Share capital structure The share capital of Sonaecom - SGPS  S.A. (hereinafter ""Sonaecom"" or the ""Company"") is 230 391 627.38 euros  fully subscribed and paid up and is divided into 311 340 037 registered ordinary shares with a nominal value of 0.74 Euro each. All shares representing the share capital of Sonaecom are traded in the Euronext Lisbon regulated market. 2. Restrictions on share transferability and ownership There are no restrictions on the transferability or ownership of Sonaecom shares. 3. Treasury shares At 31 December 2022  Sonaecom held 5 571 014 treasury shares  representing 1.789% of its share capital. Impact of the change of Sonaecom's shareholder control on significant agreements There are no agreements entered into by Sonaecom that include clauses intended to constitute defensive measures against change of its shareholding control or which would terminate in case of change of control of the Company after a takeover bid.The majority of Sonaecom's share capital is attributable to one sole shareholder. System to which the renewal or removal of defensive measures are subject  in particular those which establish the limitation of the number of votes that can be cast or exercised by a single shareholder individually or in agreement with other shareholdersThere are no defensive measures in place. Shareholders' agreements Sonaecom is not aware of any shareholders' agreements concerning the Company.Corporate Governance 2022 4 II - Shareholdings and holdings of bonds 7. Qualified shareholdings In compliance with Article 8  paragraph 1  subparagraph (b) of the Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation 05/2008  and according to the notifications received by the Company concerning Articles 16 and 29-R of the Portuguese Securities Code  the qualified shareholdings representing at least 5% of the share capital of Sonaecom  indicating the number of shares held and the percentage of voting rights calculated in accordance with article 20 of the Portuguese Securities Code  as of 31 December 2022  are described below: % Share capital % of exercisable Shareholder Number of shares % of Share capital and voting rights* voting rights** Efanor Investimentos  SGPS  S.E.(1) 275 712 593 88.56% 88.56% 90.17% Sontel BV (company controlled by Sonae SGPS) 194 063 119 62.33% 62.33% 63.47% Sonae - SGPS  S.A. (company controlled by Efanor Investimentos  SGPS S.E.) 81 649 474 26.23% 26.23% 26.70% Sonaecom SGPS S.A. is a company indirectly controlled by Efanor Investimentos SGPS  S.E. ('Efanor')  as Efanor indirectly controls Sonae SGPS  SA and Sontel BV. With effects as from 29th November 2017  Efanor ceased to have a controlling shareholder  under the terms of articles 20º and 21º of the PortugueseSecurities Code.* Voting rights calculated based on the Company's share capital with voting rights  as per subparagraph b) of paragraph 3 of article 16 of the Portuguese Securities Code**Voting rights calculated based on the Company's share capital with voting rights that are not subject to suspension of exercise This issue is also dealt with in the Management Report. The updated information regarding qualified shareholdings is available on http://www.sonaecom.pt/investidores/informacao-sobre-accao/estrutura-accionista/?l=en. Number of shares and bonds held by the members of the management and supervisory bodies  submitted pursuant to art. 447 paragraph 5 of the Portuguese Companies CodeThe information can be found in the Appendix to the Management Report. Powers of the Board of Directors regarding share capital increases The Board of Directors does not have powers to deliberate on this matter. This is an exclusive competence of the Shareholders' General Meeting. 10. Business relationships between the owners of qualified shareholdings and the Company Business transactions with holders of qualified shareholdings are part of the usual and regular activity of the subsidiaries that comprise the portfolio of Sonaecom and are carried out under normal market practices and conditions. No significant business transactions were carried out in 2022 between the Company and any owners of qualified shareholdings in the Company.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.03,True,English,"['Sonaecom SGPS S A', '2022 Corporate Governance Report', 'SA', 'Euronext Lisbon regulated market', 'Corporate Governance Part II', 'voting rights* voting rights', 'normal market practices', 'Exchange Commission Regulation', 'Portuguese Companies Code', 'Portuguese Securities Code', 'one sole shareholder', ""Shareholders' General Meeting"", 'significant business transactions', '311,340,037 registered ordinary shares', 'share capital increases', 'A. Shareholding Structure', 'Share capital structure', 'Corporate Governance Appendix', 'exercisable Shareholder Number', 'Company Business transactions', 'Efanor Investimentos SGPS', 'Business relationships', 'CORPORTE GOVERNANCE', 'single shareholder', 'controlling shareholder', 'S.A.', 'significant agreements', 'other shareholders', 'shareholder control', 'nominal value', 'defensive measures', 'takeover bid', ""Shareholders' agreements"", 'S.E.', 'Sontel BV', '29th November', 'supervisory bodies', 'exclusive competence', 'regular activity', 'shareholding control', 'Qualified shareholdings', 'share transferability', 'Management Report', '3. Treasury shares', '5,571,014 treasury shares', 'updated information', 'Sonae SGPS', 'Sonaecom shares', 'Sonaecom SGPS', 'Organisation', 'Assessment', '1,627.38 euros', '0.74 Euro', 'Restrictions', 'ownership', '31 December', 'Impact', 'clauses', 'case', 'majority', 'System', 'renewal', 'removal', 'limitation', 'votes', 'place', 'bonds', 'compliance', 'Article', 'paragraph', 'notifications', '29-R', 'percentage', 'accordance', 'effects', 'terms', 'suspension', 'exercise', 'issue', 'pt', 'investidores', 'informacao', 'accao', 'estrutura-accionista', 'members', 'art.', 'Powers', 'Board', 'Directors', 'matter', 'usual', 'subsidiaries', 'portfolio', 'conditions']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22132,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/03/2639222/0/en/D%C3%89KUPLE-STRONG-EARNINGS-GROWTH-IN-2022.html,DÉKUPLE: STRONG EARNINGS GROWTH IN 2022,STRONG EARNINGS GROWTH IN 2022    Net sales growth of +10.3% to €181.2m Gross margin up +7.5% to €144.8m EBITDA up +€3m to €23.3m  representing 16.1%...,French EnglishSTRONG EARNINGS GROWTH IN 2022Net sales growth of +10.3% to €181.2mGross margin up +7.5% to €144.8mEBITDA up +€3m to €23.3m  representing 16.1% of the gross margin‏Consolidated net income up +€2.3m to €11.4mProposed dividend of €0.88 per share for FY 2022Ambition 2025: becoming a European leader for data marketingParis  3 April 2023 (8:00am) - ADLPartner  the parent company of the DÉKUPLE Group  a cross-channel data marketing expert  is reporting its full-year earnings for 2022.Bertrand Laurioz  Chairman and CEO: “2022 was a year full of unforeseen events  crises and opportunities. The energy crisis then the war in Ukraine impacted purchasing power in France  and consumption habits changed considerably in a very short space of time. Some of our clients have been very affected and have scaled back their marketing investments. Alongside this  the digitalization of companies and their marketing has continued to progress  and our solutions have continued to evolve  enabling our clients to adapt to this new context. Once again  our Group  founded 50 years ago  has successfully adapted and made 2022 a year of success.Despite the economic constraints  we achieved very solid financial performance levels  in line with our ambitions. Our consolidated net sales increased by +10.3% over the year  thanks in particular to the very strong progress made with Digital Marketing  which  with +28% net sales growth  now represents 52.5% of our net sales (versus 45% in 2021 and 36% in 2020)  as well as the robust performance by our portfolio-based activities  such as sales of magazine subscriptions and insurance policies  which we are continuing to invest in.The growth in our net sales and the optimization of our operational structures enabled the Group to achieve high levels of profitability in 2022  with EBITDA climbing +15% to €23.3m  representing 16.1% of our gross margin  and €11.4m of consolidated net income  with a 7.9% net margin. These good results once again reflect our Group’s sound foundations and the resilience of our diversified business model.Although the general economic situation at the start of 2023 is still uncertain  we are continuing to diversify our activities  while ramping up our synergies and capitalizing on new complementary areas of technological expertise. We are continuing to further strengthen our data marketing leadership  illustrated in 2022 by our acquisitions of Brainsonic for engagement marketing and Smart Traffik and Duhno Marketing for our marketing engineering solutions and agency activities. Our increased capacity for innovation is helping us to capitalize more effectively on the Group’s many areas of technological expertise to support our clients and partners.Supported by our strong balance sheet and cash position  we are moving forward with our development with confidence  organically or through targeted acquisitions. In line with our Ambition 2025 plan to become a European leader for data marketing  we are perfectly positioned to maintain our roadmap for growth. Thanks to the dedication shown by more than 1 000 staff  we will be able to make 2023 another year of success”.KEY DEVELOPMENTSIn 2022  the DÉKUPLE Group recorded strong growth in its activities despite a challenging geopolitical and economic environment.The Digital Marketing business (marketing engineering solutions  agencies and consulting)  which represents 52.5% of consolidated net sales  confirmed its robust growth (+28%). This development is benefiting from the expansion of Converteo and its Consulting activities  against a backdrop of the digitalization and datafication of businesses and their marketing in particular. Despite the impact of the scaling back or deferral of certain campaigns  the Group continued to strengthen its Marketing Engineering Solutions and Agency activities through external growth  illustrated by the three operations completed during the year: i) the acquisition of a majority interest in September 2022 in Brainsonic  a leading engagement communications agency  ii) the acquisition of a majority stake in December 2022 in Smart Traffik  an in-store traffic measurement and presence management technology company  and iii) the application of agreements with provisions for the acquisition in 2023 of a stake in the capital of Duhno Marketing  a specialist BtoC customer marketing agency in China.The portfolio-based activities recorded solid performances despite an unfavorable environment. The Magazine business  down -6%  was marked by a significant drop in campaign yields  in line with the difficulties facing the press sector and the contraction in purchasing power for consumers. The business has continued moving forward with its marketing investments  while adapting and optimizing them in response to this situation  in addition to preparing for the future by setting up new partnerships and launching new offers. Alongside this  the Insurance business recorded +15% growth  driven by the full integration of strategic assets from the InsurTech firm Qape - KOVERS since the end of 2021 and the development of the health insurance offering.EARNINGSConsolidated net sales1 came to €181.2m  up +10.3% compared with 2021  while the gross margin2 is up +7.5% to €144.8m.Despite a context of sustained investments  with major recruitment efforts  restated EBITDA3 came to €23.3m  up +€3.0m from the previous year  to represent 16.1% of the full-year gross margin.Operating income came to €17.0m  representing 11.8% of the gross margin  compared with 11.0% in 2021. This progress primarily reflects the increase in earnings for the Digital Marketing business  the reduction in the accounting loss for the Insurance business  and the optimization of costs for the Magazine business.After factoring in a lower tax expense (€3.8m)  consolidated net income totaled €11.4m in 2022  up +25.1% from 2021. The net margin rate came to 7.9%  compared with 6.8% in 2021.After deducting minority interests  net income (Group share) totaled €10.9m  compared with €8.5m in 2021.Consolidated data (€m) 2020 2021 2022 Change2022/2021 Net sales 139.31 164.25 181.25 + 10.3% Gross margin 119.33 134.65 144.78 + 7.5% Restated EBITDA 3% of gross margin 14.6512.3% 20.3215.1% 23.3216.1% + 14.7% Income from ordinary operations% of gross margin 9.317.8% 14.8211.0% 17.0411.8% + 15.0% Consolidated net income% of gross margin 6.215.2% 9.116.8% 11.407.9% + 25.1% Net income (Group share)% of gross margin 6.495.4% 8.496.3% 10.897.5% + 28.3%FINANCIAL STRUCTUREConsolidated shareholders’ equity is up +€6.6m from 31 December 2021 to €37.3m at 31 December 2022  primarily reflecting earnings for the year (+€11.4m)  the ordinary dividend paid in June 2022 (-€3.5m)  various changes in the basis for consolidation (-€1.6m)  and the Impact of treasury shares and bonus share awards (+€0.5m).The Group had €58.5m of cash at 31 December 2022  compared with €42.0m at 31 December 2021. Financial debt totaled €50.9m  compared with €20.6m at 31 December 2021  including commitments to buy out minority interests in the Group’s subsidiaries. It also includes loans taken out during 2022 for a total of €23m based on pre-crisis interest rates  which represents a useful liquidity reserve with attractive cost levels for the Group to support its development.OUTLOOKDespite the geopolitical and economic crisis  the DÉKUPLE Group is continuing to roll out its Ambition 2025 strategy with a view to becoming a European leader for data marketing. With the financial resources in place  it is effectively positioned to continue with its commercial investments in its Magazine and Insurance activities to develop its portfolios of contracts generating recurrent revenues  while also supporting the development of its Digital Marketing solutions through organic and external growth.DIVIDENDConsidering the results achieved in 2022 and the investments planned for 2023  ADLPartner’s Board of Directors will submit a proposal at the General Shareholders’ Meeting on 16 June for a dividend of €0.88 per share for FY 2022  to be paid out on 23 June 2023.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe corporate and consolidated financial statements for 2022 were approved by the Board of Directors on 31 March 2023. The statutory auditors have completed the audit procedures on the corporate and consolidated accounts. The certification report will be issued once the necessary procedures have been finalized for publishing the full-year financial report.NEXT DATES2022 annual financial report on 14 April 2023 (after close of trading);2023 first-quarter net sales on 22 May 2023 (before start of trading)About DÉKUPLEFounded in 1972  DÉKUPLE is a major player for cross-channel data marketing. The Group designs  markets and implements customer acquisition  loyalty and relationship management services on its own behalf or for its partners and clients across all distribution channels. Its expert capabilities enable it to support brands with their marketing needs  and to create  on its own behalf  portfolios that generate recurrent revenues. The Group works with two-thirds of the companies from the CAC 40 and large numbers of mid-market firms.DÉKUPLE recorded net sales of €181.2m in 2022. Present in France  Spain  Portugal and China  the Group employs more than 1.000 people.DÉKUPLE is the commercial brand of ADLPartner  a French limited company (société anonyme) with a Board of Directors  listed on the regulated market Euronext Paris – Compartment C.ISIN: FR0000062978 - DKUPLwww.dekuple.comContactsDÉKUPLEInvestor Relations & Financial Informationtel: +33 (0)1 41 58 72 03 - relations.investisseurs@dekuple.comCALYPTUSCyril Combe - tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 - dekuple@calyptus.net1 Net sales (determined in line with the French professional status for subscription sales) only include the amount of remuneration paid by magazine publishers; for subscription sales  net sales therefore correspond to a gross margin  deducting the cost of magazines sold from the amount of sales recorded. For acquisition and management commissions linked to sales of insurance policies  net sales comprise current and future commissions issued  acquired by the accounting reporting date  net of cancellations.2 For the digital marketing business  the gross margin represents the total amount of net sales (total invoices issued: fees  commissions and purchases charged back to customers) less the total amount of costs for external purchases made on behalf of customers. It is equal to net sales for the magazine and insurance business lines.3 EBITDA (earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortization) is restated for the IFRS 2 impact of bonus share awards and the IFRS 16 impact relating to the restatement of lease charges.Attachment,neutral,0.09,0.59,0.33,mixed,0.49,0.17,0.34,True,English,"['STRONG EARNINGS GROWTH', 'DÉKUPLE', '2022', 'specialist BtoC customer marketing agency', 'presence management technology company', 'leading engagement communications agency', 'cross-channel data marketing expert', 'solid financial performance levels', 'The Digital Marketing business', 'store traffic measurement', 'Consolidated net income', 'diversified business model', 'The Magazine business', 'strong balance sheet', 'data marketing leadership', 'consolidated net sales', 'new complementary areas', 'DÉKUPLE Group', 'general economic situation', 'marketing engineering solutions', 'Net sales growth', 'STRONG EARNINGS GROWTH', 'engagement marketing', 'parent company', 'robust performance', 'high levels', 'solid performances', '7.9% net margin', 'Insurance business', 'agency activities', 'full-year earnings', 'strong progress', 'magazine subscriptions', 'many areas', 'strong growth', 'marketing investments', 'Duhno Marketing', 'economic constraints', 'economic environment', 'new context', 'new partnerships', 'new offers', 'French English', 'Gross margin', 'European leader', 'Bertrand Laurioz', 'unforeseen events', 'energy crisis', 'purchasing power', 'consumption habits', 'short space', 'insurance policies', 'operational structures', 'good results', 'sound foundations', 'technological expertise', 'Smart Traffik', 'cash position', 'challenging geopolitical', 'robust growth', 'scaling back', 'external growth', 'three operations', 'majority interest', 'unfavorable environment', 'significant drop', 'campaign yields', 'press sector', 'full integration', 'strategic assets', 'InsurTech firm', 'portfolio-based activities', 'targeted acquisitions', 'Ambition 2025 plan', 'majority stake', 'Consulting activities', '+15% growth', 'EBITDA', 'dividend', 'share', 'FY', 'Paris', '3 April', '00am', 'ADLPartner', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'crises', 'opportunities', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'France', 'time', 'clients', 'digitalization', 'companies', 'success', 'line', 'ambitions', 'optimization', 'profitability', 'resilience', 'start', 'synergies', 'Brainsonic', 'capacity', 'innovation', 'development', 'confidence', 'roadmap', 'dedication', '1,000 staff', 'agencies', 'expansion', 'Converteo', 'backdrop', 'datafication', 'businesses', 'impact', 'deferral', 'campaigns', 'September', 'December', 'application', 'agreements', 'provisions', 'capital', 'China', 'difficulties', 'contraction', 'consumers', 'response', 'addition', 'future', 'Qape', 'KOVERS', '2022', '2023']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,globenewswire.com
22133,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEKUPLE-5160/news/DEKUPLE-STRONG-EARNINGS-GROWTH-IN-2022-43411131/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,DÉKUPLE: STRONG EARNINGS GROWTH IN 2022,(marketscreener.com) ADLPartner  the parent company of the DÉKUPLE Group  a cross-channel data marketing expert  is reporting its full-year earnings for 2022. Bertrand Laurioz  Chairman and CEO: “2022 was a year full of unforeseen events  crises and opportuni…,STRONG EARNINGS GROWTH IN 2022Net sales growth of +10.3% to €181.2mGross margin up +7.5% to €144.8mEBITDA up +€3m to €23.3m  representing 16.1% of the gross margin‏Consolidated net income up +€2.3m to €11.4mProposed dividend of €0.88 per share for FY 2022Ambition 2025: becoming a European leader for data marketingParis  3 April 2023 (8:00am) - ADLPartner  the parent company of the DÉKUPLE Group  a cross-channel data marketing expert  is reporting its full-year earnings for 2022.Bertrand Laurioz  Chairman and CEO: “2022 was a year full of unforeseen events  crises and opportunities. The energy crisis then the war in Ukraine impacted purchasing power in France  and consumption habits changed considerably in a very short space of time. Some of our clients have been very affected and have scaled back their marketing investments. Alongside this  the digitalization of companies and their marketing has continued to progress  and our solutions have continued to evolve  enabling our clients to adapt to this new context. Once again  our Group  founded 50 years ago  has successfully adapted and made 2022 a year of success.Despite the economic constraints  we achieved very solid financial performance levels  in line with our ambitions. Our consolidated net sales increased by +10.3% over the year  thanks in particular to the very strong progress made with Digital Marketing  which  with +28% net sales growth  now represents 52.5% of our net sales (versus 45% in 2021 and 36% in 2020)  as well as the robust performance by our portfolio-based activities  such as sales of magazine subscriptions and insurance policies  which we are continuing to invest in.The growth in our net sales and the optimization of our operational structures enabled the Group to achieve high levels of profitability in 2022  with EBITDA climbing +15% to €23.3m  representing 16.1% of our gross margin  and €11.4m of consolidated net income  with a 7.9% net margin. These good results once again reflect our Group’s sound foundations and the resilience of our diversified business model.Although the general economic situation at the start of 2023 is still uncertain  we are continuing to diversify our activities  while ramping up our synergies and capitalizing on new complementary areas of technological expertise. We are continuing to further strengthen our data marketing leadership  illustrated in 2022 by our acquisitions of Brainsonic for engagement marketing and Smart Traffik and Duhno Marketing for our marketing engineering solutions and agency activities. Our increased capacity for innovation is helping us to capitalize more effectively on the Group’s many areas of technological expertise to support our clients and partners.Supported by our strong balance sheet and cash position  we are moving forward with our development with confidence  organically or through targeted acquisitions. In line with our Ambition 2025 plan to become a European leader for data marketing  we are perfectly positioned to maintain our roadmap for growth. Thanks to the dedication shown by more than 1 000 staff  we will be able to make 2023 another year of success”.KEY DEVELOPMENTSIn 2022  the DÉKUPLE Group recorded strong growth in its activities despite a challenging geopolitical and economic environment.The Digital Marketing business (marketing engineering solutions  agencies and consulting)  which represents 52.5% of consolidated net sales  confirmed its robust growth (+28%). This development is benefiting from the expansion of Converteo and its Consulting activities  against a backdrop of the digitalization and datafication of businesses and their marketing in particular. Despite the impact of the scaling back or deferral of certain campaigns  the Group continued to strengthen its Marketing Engineering Solutions and Agency activities through external growth  illustrated by the three operations completed during the year: i) the acquisition of a majority interest in September 2022 in Brainsonic  a leading engagement communications agency  ii) the acquisition of a majority stake in December 2022 in Smart Traffik  an in-store traffic measurement and presence management technology company  and iii) the application of agreements with provisions for the acquisition in 2023 of a stake in the capital of Duhno Marketing  a specialist BtoC customer marketing agency in China.The portfolio-based activities recorded solid performances despite an unfavorable environment. The Magazine business  down -6%  was marked by a significant drop in campaign yields  in line with the difficulties facing the press sector and the contraction in purchasing power for consumers. The business has continued moving forward with its marketing investments  while adapting and optimizing them in response to this situation  in addition to preparing for the future by setting up new partnerships and launching new offers. Alongside this  the Insurance business recorded +15% growth  driven by the full integration of strategic assets from the InsurTech firm Qape - KOVERS since the end of 2021 and the development of the health insurance offering.EARNINGSConsolidated net sales1 came to €181.2m  up +10.3% compared with 2021  while the gross margin2 is up +7.5% to €144.8m.Despite a context of sustained investments  with major recruitment efforts  restated EBITDA3 came to €23.3m  up +€3.0m from the previous year  to represent 16.1% of the full-year gross margin.Operating income came to €17.0m  representing 11.8% of the gross margin  compared with 11.0% in 2021. This progress primarily reflects the increase in earnings for the Digital Marketing business  the reduction in the accounting loss for the Insurance business  and the optimization of costs for the Magazine business.After factoring in a lower tax expense (€3.8m)  consolidated net income totaled €11.4m in 2022  up +25.1% from 2021. The net margin rate came to 7.9%  compared with 6.8% in 2021.After deducting minority interests  net income (Group share) totaled €10.9m  compared with €8.5m in 2021.Consolidated data (€m) 2020 2021 2022 Change2022/2021 Net sales 139.31 164.25 181.25 + 10.3% Gross margin 119.33 134.65 144.78 + 7.5% Restated EBITDA 3% of gross margin 14.6512.3% 20.3215.1% 23.3216.1% + 14.7% Income from ordinary operations% of gross margin 9.317.8% 14.8211.0% 17.0411.8% + 15.0% Consolidated net income% of gross margin 6.215.2% 9.116.8% 11.407.9% + 25.1% Net income (Group share)% of gross margin 6.495.4% 8.496.3% 10.897.5% + 28.3%FINANCIAL STRUCTUREConsolidated shareholders’ equity is up +€6.6m from 31 December 2021 to €37.3m at 31 December 2022  primarily reflecting earnings for the year (+€11.4m)  the ordinary dividend paid in June 2022 (-€3.5m)  various changes in the basis for consolidation (-€1.6m)  and the Impact of treasury shares and bonus share awards (+€0.5m).The Group had €58.5m of cash at 31 December 2022  compared with €42.0m at 31 December 2021. Financial debt totaled €50.9m  compared with €20.6m at 31 December 2021  including commitments to buy out minority interests in the Group’s subsidiaries. It also includes loans taken out during 2022 for a total of €23m based on pre-crisis interest rates  which represents a useful liquidity reserve with attractive cost levels for the Group to support its development.OUTLOOKDespite the geopolitical and economic crisis  the DÉKUPLE Group is continuing to roll out its Ambition 2025 strategy with a view to becoming a European leader for data marketing. With the financial resources in place  it is effectively positioned to continue with its commercial investments in its Magazine and Insurance activities to develop its portfolios of contracts generating recurrent revenues  while also supporting the development of its Digital Marketing solutions through organic and external growth.DIVIDENDConsidering the results achieved in 2022 and the investments planned for 2023  ADLPartner’s Board of Directors will submit a proposal at the General Shareholders’ Meeting on 16 June for a dividend of €0.88 per share for FY 2022  to be paid out on 23 June 2023.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe corporate and consolidated financial statements for 2022 were approved by the Board of Directors on 31 March 2023. The statutory auditors have completed the audit procedures on the corporate and consolidated accounts. The certification report will be issued once the necessary procedures have been finalized for publishing the full-year financial report.NEXT DATES2022 annual financial report on 14 April 2023 (after close of trading);2023 first-quarter net sales on 22 May 2023 (before start of trading)About DÉKUPLEFounded in 1972  DÉKUPLE is a major player for cross-channel data marketing. The Group designs  markets and implements customer acquisition  loyalty and relationship management services on its own behalf or for its partners and clients across all distribution channels. Its expert capabilities enable it to support brands with their marketing needs  and to create  on its own behalf  portfolios that generate recurrent revenues. The Group works with two-thirds of the companies from the CAC 40 and large numbers of mid-market firms.DÉKUPLE recorded net sales of €181.2m in 2022. Present in France  Spain  Portugal and China  the Group employs more than 1.000 people.DÉKUPLE is the commercial brand of ADLPartner  a French limited company (société anonyme) with a Board of Directors  listed on the regulated market Euronext Paris – Compartment C.ISIN: FR0000062978 - DKUPLwww.dekuple.comContactsDÉKUPLEInvestor Relations & Financial Informationtel: +33 (0)1 41 58 72 03 - relations.investisseurs@dekuple.comCALYPTUSCyril Combe - tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 - dekuple@calyptus.net1 Net sales (determined in line with the French professional status for subscription sales) only include the amount of remuneration paid by magazine publishers; for subscription sales  net sales therefore correspond to a gross margin  deducting the cost of magazines sold from the amount of sales recorded. For acquisition and management commissions linked to sales of insurance policies  net sales comprise current and future commissions issued  acquired by the accounting reporting date  net of cancellations.2 For the digital marketing business  the gross margin represents the total amount of net sales (total invoices issued: fees  commissions and purchases charged back to customers) less the total amount of costs for external purchases made on behalf of customers. It is equal to net sales for the magazine and insurance business lines.3 EBITDA (earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortization) is restated for the IFRS 2 impact of bonus share awards and the IFRS 16 impact relating to the restatement of lease charges.Attachment,neutral,0.09,0.59,0.33,mixed,0.47,0.2,0.33,True,English,"['STRONG EARNINGS GROWTH', 'DÉKUPLE', '2022', 'specialist BtoC customer marketing agency', 'presence management technology company', 'leading engagement communications agency', 'cross-channel data marketing expert', 'solid financial performance levels', 'The Digital Marketing business', 'store traffic measurement', 'diversified business model', 'Consolidated net income', 'strong balance sheet', 'data marketing leadership', 'The Magazine business', 'marketing engineering solutions', 'consolidated net sales', 'new complementary areas', 'DÉKUPLE Group', 'general economic situation', 'STRONG EARNINGS GROWTH', 'Net sales growth', 'engagement marketing', 'parent company', 'robust performance', 'high levels', 'solid performances', 'Insurance business', 'agency activities', '7.9% net margin', 'marketing investments', 'Duhno Marketing', 'full-year earnings', 'strong progress', 'many areas', 'strong growth', 'economic constraints', 'economic environment', 'new context', 'new partnerships', 'new offers', 'Gross margin', 'European leader', 'Bertrand Laurioz', 'unforeseen events', 'energy crisis', 'purchasing power', 'consumption habits', 'short space', 'insurance policies', 'operational structures', 'good results', 'sound foundations', 'technological expertise', 'Smart Traffik', 'cash position', 'challenging geopolitical', 'robust growth', 'scaling back', 'external growth', 'three operations', 'majority interest', 'unfavorable environment', 'significant drop', 'campaign yields', 'press sector', 'full integration', 'strategic assets', 'InsurTech firm', 'portfolio-based activities', 'targeted acquisitions', 'Ambition 2025 plan', 'majority stake', 'Consulting activities', '+15% growth', 'EBITDA', 'dividend', 'share', 'FY', 'Paris', '3 April', '00am', 'ADLPartner', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'crises', 'opportunities', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'France', 'time', 'clients', 'digitalization', 'companies', 'success', 'line', 'ambitions', 'subscriptions', 'optimization', 'profitability', 'resilience', 'start', 'synergies', 'Brainsonic', 'capacity', 'innovation', 'development', 'confidence', 'roadmap', 'dedication', '1,000 staff', 'agencies', 'expansion', 'Converteo', 'backdrop', 'datafication', 'businesses', 'impact', 'deferral', 'campaigns', 'September', 'December', 'application', 'agreements', 'provisions', 'capital', 'China', 'difficulties', 'contraction', 'consumers', 'response', 'addition', 'future', 'Qape', 'KOVERS', '2022', '2021']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22134,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/03/2639203/0/en/BioSenic-appoints-Lieven-Huysse-MD-as-Chief-Medical-Officer.html,BioSenic appoints Lieven Huysse  MD  as Chief Medical Officer,INSIDE INFORMATION          Appointment to drive late-stage clinical development of BioSenic’s cell therapy and autoimmune disease platforms           ......,English FrenchINSIDE INFORMATIONAppointment to drive late-stage clinical development of BioSenic’s cell therapy and autoimmune disease platformsMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  April 3  2023  7.30 am CET – BIOSENIC (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the company specializing in serious autoimmune and inflammatory diseases and cell repair  today announces it has appointed Lieven Huysse  MD  as permanent Chief Medical Officer (CMO)  effective 17 April 2023.Lieven Huysse will succeed Michel Wurm’s  MD  who was appointed as CMO ad interim to drive forward the development of BioSenic’s platforms. Michel has been a key element in the development of Medsenic and BioSenic during the last 18 months.Lieven will be responsible for continued progression of both BioSenic late-stage assets:The ALLOB MSC platform using cells with immune privilege  anti-inflammatory properties and the ability to differentiate into bone tissues when injected into the specific bone sites to be regenerated or repaired. The Phase 2b trial of ALLOB  a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  will report decisive key results in Q2 2023. Lieven will help progress this trial to conclusion. This includes overall responsibility for liaising with the CRO nominated for the trial and liaising with investigators in the thirty-five trial centers across seven EU countries.For the autoimmune ATO platform  Lieven will also be focused on the start of the Phase 3 trial in cGvHD  as well as the Phase 2b trials in systemic lupus  and systemic sclerosis.“BioSenic is now driving hard to speed up clinical development across all our treatment platforms. We have now optimized statistical analysis and completed recruitment for our Phase 2b clinical trial with our allogeneic bone cell therapy product  ALLOB. For our lead API arsenic trioxide platform  designed to target serious inflammatory and autoimmune conditions  our Phase 3 trial in chronic Graft versus Host Disease is on track to start this year  and Phase 2b trials in two other indications  systemic lupus  and systemic sclerosis to start later on. We have also just announced we have gained more insight on the mechanism of action of ATO and optimized ideal formulations to maximize efficacy and minimize side effects for systemic sclerosis. In addition  we have re-evaluated the results of the Phase 3 trial of BioSenic’s enhanced viscosupplement JTA-004 targeting knee osteoarthritis  opening up fresh clinical development options ” said Prof. François Rieger  President and CEO of BioSenic. “As a result of these clinical progresses  this is an ideal time for us to appoint Lieven as CMO. His experience and expertise will be invaluable as we seek to bring therapies to patients suffering from a range of underserved conditions with few  if any  alternative therapeutic options. These next clinical developments will be key value creation milestones for BioSenic throughout 2023 and into 2024. In addition  these late-stage clinical progressions will enable BioSenic to start the process of engaging with industrial partners to co-develop late-stage clinical projects and to look at other targets of interest in autoimmune diseases and cancer. I would like to thank Michel for his invaluable and extensive contribution over the past months to continuing to push our pipeline of candidates.”Lieven has been selected as CMO for his extensive expertise in the biopharma and medical device industries. This includes the managing multi-center international clinical studies  including pre-market approval studies for submission to regulatory authorities including the US FDA  reimbursement authorities and Key Opinion Leaders management. He has gained over eight years of experience in immunology  as well as in the diabetes  allergy  cardiovascular and psychiatry sectors. He has 17 years of experience in the medical device sector with knee  hip and spine  as well as with trauma  cardiovascular and endovascular products. He has held senior leadership positions in a number of European headquarters  including in Belgium  Switzerland  Spain and the Netherlands. He has served as CMO for Anaconda Biomed S.L.  senior director of medical affairs at Intrinsic Therapeutics  Inc.  director of clinical and regulatory affairs at Wright Medical EMEA (now Microport®)  medical director for Menarini Group  global brand medical manager for Switzerland-based UCB Farchim  manager clinical Affairs EMEA at Stryker Corp. and Medical Advisor EMEA at Janssen.“BioSenic is now driving late-stage clinical development of two highly innovative platforms  and currently targeting four indications with its cell therapy and ATO platforms. BioSenic  after its merger  has brought together two teams that are cross-pollinating to rapidly advance this diverse pipeline through clinical development. As CMO  I will now be responsible for driving through clinical candidates that can impact a wide range of patients suffering from a variety of conditions and make a meaningful difference to the lives of large number of patients ” said Lieven Huysse  CMO  BioSenic. “These developments mean joining BioSenic as CMO is far too good an opportunity to miss. I will be able to make a significant contribution to further investigation of the medical characteristics and mechanisms of action of the therapies  and continue to expand BioSenic’s pipeline of indications  and move the late-stage trials in order to bring us towards the market as quickly as possible.”About BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from: (i)  the allogeneic cell therapy platform ALLOB and (ii) the Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform. Key target indications for the platforms include Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD)  Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  Systemic Sclerosis (SSc) and high-risk tibial fractures.Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combines the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger also enables Biosenic to add to its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair protection with an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/OATO.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About BioSenic technologyBioSenic’s technology is based on two main platforms:1) The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform  developed by BioSenic with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) that can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. Its current investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury after a single local injection. These cells are produced via a BioSenic's scalable manufacturing process. Following the CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  BioSenic has initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB is currently being evaluated in a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase IIb study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  using its optimized production process  after a successful first safety and efficacy study (Phase 1/2a) on fractured long bones  with late delayed union. The patient recruitment has been halted late February 2023 with 57 patients and the new rules permitted for statistical analysis should allow BioSenic to get the main results of this trial much earlier than anticipated in the original protocol  since they are expected by mid-2023.2) The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform developed by Medsenic. The immunomodulatory properties of ATO have demonstrated a double basic effect on cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T or other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several pro-inflammatory cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. GvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT). GvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune system that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. Medsenic had been successful in a Phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  allowing arsenic trioxide to be granted an orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA and is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with a new  IP protected  oral (OATO) formulation.Moderate to Severe forms of Systemic Lupus erythematosus (SLE) is another selected target  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastro-intestinal tract) in a Phase IIa study.Systemic Sclerosis is  in addition  part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive. This gives good grounds to launch a Phase II clinical protocol for this serious disease that badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and with no actual current effective treatment.In addition  BioSenic is developing an off-the-shelf next-generation improved viscosupplement  JTA-004  consisting of a unique combination of plasma proteins  hyaluronic acid - a natural component of knee synovial fluid  and a fast-acting analgesic. JTA-004 intends to provide added lubrication and protection to the cartilage of the arthritic joint and to alleviate osteoarthritic pain (OA) and inflammation. In March 2023  after the identification of new OA subtypes  BioSenic delivered a new post-hoc analysis of its Phase III JTA-004 trial on knee OA with positive action on the most severely affected patient population. This new post-hoc analysis changes the therapeutic profile of the molecule and potentially allows for the possibility of stratifying patients for a new  optimized Phase III clinical study. BioSenic  which does not intend to allocate R&D resources to support the clinical development of JTA-004 and will continue to focus its R&D activities on the development of its autoimmune (ATO) and cell therapy (ALLOB) platforms  is now seeking to collaborate with existing and potential partners to explore options for the future development of JTA-004 based on this new post-hoc analysis.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAFrançois Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comFor Belgian Media and Investor Enquiries:BepublicBert BouserieTel: +32 (0)488 40 44 77bert.bouserie@bepublicgroup.beFor International Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Media Enquiries:NewCap MediaAnnie-Florence LoyerTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 12afloyer@newcap.frFor French Investor Enquiries:Seitosei ActifinGhislaine GasparettoTel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22ggasparetto@actifin.frCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.65,0.03,0.32,True,English,"['Chief Medical Officer', 'Lieven Huysse', 'BioSenic', 'MD', 'lead API arsenic trioxide platform', 'managing multi-center international clinical studies', 'allogeneic bone cell therapy product', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study', 'Prof. François Rieger', 'Anaconda Biomed S.L.', 'key value creation milestones', 'Key Opinion Leaders management', 'permanent Chief Medical Officer', 'The ALLOB MSC platform', 'global brand medical manager', 'two highly innovative platforms', 'fresh clinical development options', 'Phase 2b clinical trial', 'pre-market approval studies', 'alternative therapeutic options', 'specific bone sites', 'high-risk tibial fractures', 'seven EU countries', 'viscosupplement JTA-004 targeting', 'medical device industries', 'medical device sector', 'Switzerland-based UCB Farchim', 'Phase 2b trials', 'next clinical developments', 'late-stage clinical progressions', 'late-stage clinical projects', 'senior leadership positions', 'autoimmune ATO platform', 'Wright Medical EMEA', 'Medical Advisor EMEA', 'decisive key results', 'thirty-five trial centers', 'late-stage clinical development', 'two other indications', 'CMO ad interim', 'autoimmune disease platforms', 'BioSenic late-stage assets', 'bone tissues', 'key element', 'medical affairs', 'two teams', 'Phase 3 trial', 'clinical progresses', 'clinical Affairs', 'cell repair', 'medical director', 'Host Disease', 'other targets', 'four indications', 'serious autoimmune', 'treatment platforms', 'autoimmune diseases', 'ATO platforms', 'clinical candidates', 'senior director', 'autoimmune conditions', 'English French', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'Euronext Brussels', 'inflammatory diseases', 'last 18 months', 'continued progression', 'immune privilege', 'anti-inflammatory properties', 'overall responsibility', 'systemic lupus', 'systemic sclerosis', 'statistical analysis', 'serious inflammatory', 'chronic Graft', 'ideal formulations', 'side effects', 'ideal time', 'industrial partners', 'extensive contribution', 'past months', 'regulatory authorities', 'US FDA', 'reimbursement authorities', 'psychiatry sectors', 'endovascular products', 'European headquarters', 'Intrinsic Therapeutics', 'regulatory affairs', 'Menarini Group', 'Stryker Corp.', 'meaningful difference', 'underserved conditions', 'knee osteoarthritis', 'extensive expertise', 'eight years', 'diverse pipeline', 'wide range', 'large number', 'Michel Wurm', 'Lieven Huysse', '17 years', 'Appointment', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'CET', 'Paris', 'company', 'MD', 'Medsenic', 'cells', 'ability', 'patients', 'Q2', 'conclusion', 'CRO', 'investigators', 'start', 'cGvHD', 'recruitment', 'track', 'insight', 'mechanism', 'action', 'efficacy', 'addition', 'President', 'CEO', 'experience', 'process', 'interest', 'cancer', 'invaluable', 'biopharma', 'submission', 'immunology', 'diabetes', 'allergy', 'cardiovascular', 'spine', 'trauma', 'Spain', 'Netherlands', 'Janssen', 'merger', 'variety', 'lives', '30']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,globenewswire.com
22135,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOSENIC-SA-20757385/news/BioSenic-appoints-Lieven-Huysse-MD-as-Chief-Medical-Officer-43410985/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,BioSenic appoints Lieven Huysse  MD  as Chief Medical Officer,(marketscreener.com) INSIDE INFORMATION Appointment to drive late-stage clinical development of BioSenic’s cell therapy and autoimmune disease platforms Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  April 3  2023  7.30 am CET – BIOSENIC   the company specializing in serious a…,INSIDE INFORMATIONAppointment to drive late-stage clinical development of BioSenic’s cell therapy and autoimmune disease platformsMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  April 3  2023  7.30 am CET – BIOSENIC (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the company specializing in serious autoimmune and inflammatory diseases and cell repair  today announces it has appointed Lieven Huysse  MD  as permanent Chief Medical Officer (CMO)  effective 17 April 2023.Lieven Huysse will succeed Michel Wurm’s  MD  who was appointed as CMO ad interim to drive forward the development of BioSenic’s platforms. Michel has been a key element in the development of Medsenic and BioSenic during the last 18 months.Lieven will be responsible for continued progression of both BioSenic late-stage assets:The ALLOB MSC platform using cells with immune privilege  anti-inflammatory properties and the ability to differentiate into bone tissues when injected into the specific bone sites to be regenerated or repaired. The Phase 2b trial of ALLOB  a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  will report decisive key results in Q2 2023. Lieven will help progress this trial to conclusion. This includes overall responsibility for liaising with the CRO nominated for the trial and liaising with investigators in the thirty-five trial centers across seven EU countries.For the autoimmune ATO platform  Lieven will also be focused on the start of the Phase 3 trial in cGvHD  as well as the Phase 2b trials in systemic lupus  and systemic sclerosis.“BioSenic is now driving hard to speed up clinical development across all our treatment platforms. We have now optimized statistical analysis and completed recruitment for our Phase 2b clinical trial with our allogeneic bone cell therapy product  ALLOB. For our lead API arsenic trioxide platform  designed to target serious inflammatory and autoimmune conditions  our Phase 3 trial in chronic Graft versus Host Disease is on track to start this year  and Phase 2b trials in two other indications  systemic lupus  and systemic sclerosis to start later on. We have also just announced we have gained more insight on the mechanism of action of ATO and optimized ideal formulations to maximize efficacy and minimize side effects for systemic sclerosis. In addition  we have re-evaluated the results of the Phase 3 trial of BioSenic’s enhanced viscosupplement JTA-004 targeting knee osteoarthritis  opening up fresh clinical development options ” said Prof. François Rieger  President and CEO of BioSenic. “As a result of these clinical progresses  this is an ideal time for us to appoint Lieven as CMO. His experience and expertise will be invaluable as we seek to bring therapies to patients suffering from a range of underserved conditions with few  if any  alternative therapeutic options. These next clinical developments will be key value creation milestones for BioSenic throughout 2023 and into 2024. In addition  these late-stage clinical progressions will enable BioSenic to start the process of engaging with industrial partners to co-develop late-stage clinical projects and to look at other targets of interest in autoimmune diseases and cancer. I would like to thank Michel for his invaluable and extensive contribution over the past months to continuing to push our pipeline of candidates.”Lieven has been selected as CMO for his extensive expertise in the biopharma and medical device industries. This includes the managing multi-center international clinical studies  including pre-market approval studies for submission to regulatory authorities including the US FDA  reimbursement authorities and Key Opinion Leaders management. He has gained over eight years of experience in immunology  as well as in the diabetes  allergy  cardiovascular and psychiatry sectors. He has 17 years of experience in the medical device sector with knee  hip and spine  as well as with trauma  cardiovascular and endovascular products. He has held senior leadership positions in a number of European headquarters  including in Belgium  Switzerland  Spain and the Netherlands. He has served as CMO for Anaconda Biomed S.L.  senior director of medical affairs at Intrinsic Therapeutics  Inc.  director of clinical and regulatory affairs at Wright Medical EMEA (now Microport®)  medical director for Menarini Group  global brand medical manager for Switzerland-based UCB Farchim  manager clinical Affairs EMEA at Stryker Corp. and Medical Advisor EMEA at Janssen.“BioSenic is now driving late-stage clinical development of two highly innovative platforms  and currently targeting four indications with its cell therapy and ATO platforms. BioSenic  after its merger  has brought together two teams that are cross-pollinating to rapidly advance this diverse pipeline through clinical development. As CMO  I will now be responsible for driving through clinical candidates that can impact a wide range of patients suffering from a variety of conditions and make a meaningful difference to the lives of large number of patients ” said Lieven Huysse  CMO  BioSenic. “These developments mean joining BioSenic as CMO is far too good an opportunity to miss. I will be able to make a significant contribution to further investigation of the medical characteristics and mechanisms of action of the therapies  and continue to expand BioSenic’s pipeline of indications  and move the late-stage trials in order to bring us towards the market as quickly as possible.”About BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from: (i)  the allogeneic cell therapy platform ALLOB and (ii) the Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform. Key target indications for the platforms include Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD)  Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  Systemic Sclerosis (SSc) and high-risk tibial fractures.Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combines the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger also enables Biosenic to add to its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair protection with an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/OATO.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About BioSenic technologyBioSenic’s technology is based on two main platforms:1) The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform  developed by BioSenic with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) that can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. Its current investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury after a single local injection. These cells are produced via a BioSenic's scalable manufacturing process. Following the CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  BioSenic has initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB is currently being evaluated in a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase IIb study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  using its optimized production process  after a successful first safety and efficacy study (Phase 1/2a) on fractured long bones  with late delayed union. The patient recruitment has been halted late February 2023 with 57 patients and the new rules permitted for statistical analysis should allow BioSenic to get the main results of this trial much earlier than anticipated in the original protocol  since they are expected by mid-2023.2) The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform developed by Medsenic. The immunomodulatory properties of ATO have demonstrated a double basic effect on cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T or other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several pro-inflammatory cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. GvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT). GvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune system that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. Medsenic had been successful in a Phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  allowing arsenic trioxide to be granted an orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA and is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with a new  IP protected  oral (OATO) formulation.Moderate to Severe forms of Systemic Lupus erythematosus (SLE) is another selected target  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastro-intestinal tract) in a Phase IIa study.Systemic Sclerosis is  in addition  part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive. This gives good grounds to launch a Phase II clinical protocol for this serious disease that badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and with no actual current effective treatment.In addition  BioSenic is developing an off-the-shelf next-generation improved viscosupplement  JTA-004  consisting of a unique combination of plasma proteins  hyaluronic acid - a natural component of knee synovial fluid  and a fast-acting analgesic. JTA-004 intends to provide added lubrication and protection to the cartilage of the arthritic joint and to alleviate osteoarthritic pain (OA) and inflammation. In March 2023  after the identification of new OA subtypes  BioSenic delivered a new post-hoc analysis of its Phase III JTA-004 trial on knee OA with positive action on the most severely affected patient population. This new post-hoc analysis changes the therapeutic profile of the molecule and potentially allows for the possibility of stratifying patients for a new  optimized Phase III clinical study. BioSenic  which does not intend to allocate R&D resources to support the clinical development of JTA-004 and will continue to focus its R&D activities on the development of its autoimmune (ATO) and cell therapy (ALLOB) platforms  is now seeking to collaborate with existing and potential partners to explore options for the future development of JTA-004 based on this new post-hoc analysis.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAFrançois Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comFor Belgian Media and Investor Enquiries:BepublicBert BouserieTel: +32 (0)488 40 44 77bert.bouserie@bepublicgroup.beFor International Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Media Enquiries:NewCap MediaAnnie-Florence LoyerTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 12afloyer@newcap.frFor French Investor Enquiries:Seitosei ActifinGhislaine GasparettoTel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22ggasparetto@actifin.frCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.65,0.07,0.28,True,English,"['Chief Medical Officer', 'Lieven Huysse', 'BioSenic', 'MD', 'lead API arsenic trioxide platform', 'managing multi-center international clinical studies', 'allogeneic bone cell therapy product', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study', 'Prof. François Rieger', 'Anaconda Biomed S.L.', 'key value creation milestones', 'Key Opinion Leaders management', 'permanent Chief Medical Officer', 'The ALLOB MSC platform', 'global brand medical manager', 'two highly innovative platforms', 'fresh clinical development options', 'Phase 2b clinical trial', 'pre-market approval studies', 'alternative therapeutic options', 'specific bone sites', 'high-risk tibial fractures', 'seven EU countries', 'medical device industries', 'medical device sector', 'Wright Medical EMEA', 'Switzerland-based UCB Farchim', 'Medical Advisor EMEA', 'Phase 2b trials', 'next clinical developments', 'late-stage clinical progressions', 'late-stage clinical projects', 'senior leadership positions', 'autoimmune ATO platform', 'decisive key results', 'thirty-five trial centers', 'clinical Affairs EMEA', 'late-stage clinical development', 'two other indications', 'CMO ad interim', 'autoimmune disease platforms', 'BioSenic late-stage assets', 'bone tissues', 'medical affairs', 'key element', 'two teams', 'Phase 3 trial', 'clinical progresses', 'cell repair', 'medical director', 'Host Disease', 'other targets', 'four indications', 'serious autoimmune', 'treatment platforms', 'autoimmune diseases', 'ATO platforms', 'clinical candidates', 'regulatory affairs', 'senior director', 'autoimmune conditions', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'Euronext Brussels', 'inflammatory diseases', 'last 18 months', 'continued progression', 'immune privilege', 'anti-inflammatory properties', 'overall responsibility', 'systemic lupus', 'systemic sclerosis', 'statistical analysis', 'serious inflammatory', 'chronic Graft', 'ideal formulations', 'side effects', 'viscosupplement JTA-004', 'ideal time', 'industrial partners', 'extensive contribution', 'past months', 'regulatory authorities', 'US FDA', 'reimbursement authorities', 'psychiatry sectors', 'endovascular products', 'European headquarters', 'Intrinsic Therapeutics', 'Menarini Group', 'Stryker Corp.', 'meaningful difference', 'underserved conditions', 'knee osteoarthritis', 'extensive expertise', 'eight years', 'diverse pipeline', 'wide range', 'large number', 'Lieven Huysse', 'Michel Wurm', '17 years', 'Appointment', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'CET', 'Paris', 'company', 'MD', 'Medsenic', 'cells', 'ability', 'patients', 'Q2', 'conclusion', 'CRO', 'investigators', 'start', 'cGvHD', 'recruitment', 'track', 'insight', 'mechanism', 'action', 'efficacy', 'addition', 'President', 'CEO', 'experience', 'process', 'interest', 'cancer', 'invaluable', 'biopharma', 'submission', 'immunology', 'diabetes', 'allergy', 'cardiovascular', 'spine', 'trauma', 'Spain', 'Netherlands', 'Janssen', 'merger', 'variety', 'lives', '30', '2024']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22136,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GVS-S-P-A-108665627/news/GVS-S-p-A-Report-on-Item-3-of-the-Agenda-of-the-Ordinary-Meeting-GVS-2023-2025-Performance-Share-43417031/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,GVS S p A : Report on Item 3 of the Agenda of the Ordinary Meeting - GVS 2023-2025 Performance Shares Plan,(marketscreener.com)   GVS S.P.A.   Registered office in Zola Predosa   Via Roma  50 - share capital Euro   1 750 000.00 fully paid up.   Bologna Register of Companies and tax code 03636630372 and VAT number   00644831208 - Economic and Administ…,"GVS S.P.A. Registered office in Zola Predosa (BO)  Via Roma  50 - share capital Euro 1 750 000.00 fully paid up. Bologna Register of Companies and tax code 03636630372 and VAT number 00644831208 - Economic and Administrative Index (REA) BO-305386 Explanatory Report by the directors on the third item on the agenda of the shareholders' meeting convened in an ordinary session for 03 May 2023  at single call.Third item on the agenda - ""Approval of the ""GVS 2023-2025 Performance Shares Plan. Related and consequent resolutions."" Shareholders  this explanatory report on item 3 on the agenda  in ordinary session  of the Shareholders' Meeting of GVS S.p.A. (""GVS"" or the ""Company"") convened in a single call for 3 May 2023 is prepared by the Board of Directors pursuant to Articles 114-bis and 125-ter of Legislative Decree 58 of 1998  as amended (the ""CFA"" (TUF)) and Article 84-ter of the regulation adopted by Consob Resolution No. 11971 of 14 May 1999  as subsequently amended and supplemented (the ""Issuers' Regulation""). This report is made available to the public  within the terms of the law and regulations  at the Company's registered office  on the Company's website (www.gvs.com)  as well as in the other ways provided for by the regulations in force. * * * The Board of Directors has convened you  in ordinary session  to submit for your approval  pursuant to Article 114-bis of the CFA (TUF)  the adoption of a plan for the free assignment of GVS shares called ""GVS 2023-2025Shares Performance Plan"" (the ""Plan""). The conditions  terms and procedures for the implementation of the Plan are also illustrated in the information document  drafted pursuant to Article 84-bis of the Issuers' Regulations and in accordance with Schedule no. 7 of Annex 3A to the Issuers' Regulations  which will be made available within the terms and according to the procedures provided for by the applicable laws and regulations. 1. Reasons for adopting the Plan In accordance with the remuneration policy adopted by the Company and the recommendations set forth in Article 5 of the Corporate Governance Code for Listed Companies of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. in the January 2020 edition  the Board of Directors submits the Plan for approval to the shareholders  as a form of management incentive and retention  aimed at (i) aligning the interests of the Beneficiaries with those of the shareholders in the medium-long term  (ii ) rewarding the achievement of the targets envisaged in the industrial plan of the group headed by GVS (the ""Group"")  and (iii) retaining the figures deemed strategic for the implementation of the business development and growth plan of the Company and the Group. The Plan is also intended to replace the previous 2020-2022 Performance Shares Plan  which expired on 31 December 2022. 2. Recipients The Plan is reserved for executive directors  executives with strategic responsibilities and other persons who will be identified by name by the Board of Directors from among the executive directors and employees of the Company and the Group  after hearing the opinion of the Appointments and Remuneration Committee  for the importance of their roles in the Company's 2organisation as well as for the key role they play in the pursuit of the Company's sustainable success in the medium-long term (the 'Beneficiaries'). 3. Procedures and clauses for Plan implementation Each Beneficiary  identified by the Company's Board of Directors  will be granted  free of charge  a personal number of rights to receive GVS shares  which  once vested  will give their holders the right to convert them into ordinary shares of the Company upon verification of: the achievement by the Company of at least one of the performance targets identified below; and the relationship between the Beneficiary and the Company  or the company of the relevant Group  is still in existence (and is not in a notice period) at the grant date of the shares and the Beneficiary's status as a Beneficiary within the Company or the Group was not terminated  with reference to the role held (except in the case of the so-called good leavers). The number of GVS shares expected to be assigned to each Beneficiary upon achievement of 100% of the performance objectives (the ""Target Number of Shares"") will be established by the Board of Directors which will define  following the approval of the Plan by the Shareholders' Meeting  a predetermined Target Number of Shares distinguished by categories of Beneficiaries who are homogeneous in terms of the strategic nature of the role held  the Beneficiary's responsibilities  the degree of market exposure  the impact of their respective activities to the benefit of the entire Group and their remuneration levels. The number of shares to be effectively allocated to each Beneficiary shall be determined by the Board of Directors on the basis of the Target Number of Shares  reduced or increased according to the level of achievement of the performance objectives  it being understood that in any case  regardless of the level of over-performance that may have been achieved  the total number of shares allocated to each Beneficiary may not exceed 150% of his or her Target Number of Shares. In particular  given the Target Number of Shares for each Beneficiary  the number of Shares to be allocated to that Beneficiary will depend on: for 30% of its amount  by the achievement of the performance target based on the Adjusted EBITDA Margin; for 30% of its amount  by the achievement of the performance target based on the difference between the total value of the company's financial debts and liquid assets (NFP) as determined in accordance with the indications of the CONSOB Communication of 28 July 2006  consistent with the values reported in the Company's consolidated financial statements at the end of the period; for 20% of its amount  from the achievement of the performance target based on ESG metrics aimed at increasing the Group's sustainability with respect to the quality of products placed on the market that have a direct impact on customer satisfaction and the 3health and safety of end users; and for the remaining 20% of its amount  by the achievement of the performance objective based on the relative TSR  i.e. on the overall return for a shareholder given by the increase of the GVS share price during a reference timeframe and by any dividends paid during the same timeframe  compared to the FTSE Italia Mid Cap index. The assessment of the achievement of the performance targets and the possible Allocation of the Shares to each Beneficiary will be carried out by the Board of Directors  based on the indications provided by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the competent functions  no later than the 15th calendar day following the date of approval of the Group's consolidated financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2025. The Plan is a three-year closed plan with a single allocation. The vesting period for the rights to receive shares runs from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025. The shares attributable to the Beneficiaries under the Plan will revert in whole or in part (i) from the treasury shares held by the Company  or possibly purchased by the Company pursuant to the authorisations issued by the Shareholders' Meeting or  if necessary  further Shareholders' Meeting authorisations to be issued pursuant to Articles 2357 and 2357-ter of the Italian Civil Code; and/or (ii) from any share capital increases  also pursuant to Article 2349  paragraph 1 of the Italian Civil Code. This is without prejudice to the Company's right to pay the Beneficiaries a cash sum  in place - in whole or in part - of the shares that it should assign to each Beneficiary under the Plan  calculated as an amount equal to the arithmetic average of the official prices of GVS shares on Euronext Milan  a market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  in the month prior to the date of assignment of the shares. 4. Support for the plan by the Special Fund for the encouragement of worker participation in enterprises  referred to in Article 4  paragraph 112 of Law no. 350 of 24 December 2003 The Plan does not receive any support from the Special Fund for the Encouragement of Workers' Participation in Enterprises  referred to in Article 4(112) of Law no. 350 of 24 December 2003. 5. Availability constraints on the shares  with particular reference to the terms within which subsequent transfer to the same company or third parties is permitted or prohibited The right to receive the shares shall be attributed personally to each Beneficiary and may not be transferred by deed between living persons  nor be subject to liens or be the subject of other acts of disposal for any reason whatsoever. The Plan envisages  for all Beneficiaries  unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors  an obligation to maintain at least 50% of the shares that may be granted  for a lock-up period (from the effective date of their grant) of 2 years  net of the shares that may be sold to cover the applicable legal charges. Lastly  the Plan provides for the return of the shares (in whole or in part) or restitution of the sale value (in whole or in part) if  within the term of 3 years from the date of allocation  it is found that the performance objectives have been ascertained by the Board of Directors on the basis of data 4",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.85,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['25 Performance Shares Plan', 'Ordinary Meeting', 'GVS S', 'Report', 'Item', 'Agenda', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'previous 2020-2022 Performance Shares Plan', 'GVS S.P.A.', 'GVS 2023-2025 Performance Shares Plan', 'Consob Resolution No.', 'Corporate Governance Code', 'GVS shares', 'performance objectives', 'Performance Plan', 'tax code', 'performance targets', 'ordinary shares', 'Zola Predosa', 'Via Roma', 'share capital', 'Bologna Register', 'Administrative Index', 'ordinary session', 'single call', 'consequent resolutions', 'Legislative Decree', 'other ways', 'free assignment', 'information document', 'applicable laws', 'remuneration policy', 'January 2020 edition', 'management incentive', 'medium-long term', 'business development', 'strategic responsibilities', 'other persons', 'Remuneration Committee', 'sustainable success', 'notice period', 'grant date', 'good leavers', 'strategic nature', 'market exposure', 'respective activities', 'remuneration levels', 'industrial plan', 'growth plan', 'VAT number', 'personal number', 'Target Number', 'total number', 'Explanatory Report', 'third item', ""shareholders' meeting"", ""Issuers' Regulation"", 'registered office', 'Listed Companies', 'key role', 'relevant Group', 'entire Group', 'executive directors', 'Plan implementation', 'regulations', 'Economic', 'REA', 'agenda', '03 May', 'Approval', 'Company', 'Board', 'Articles', 'CFA', 'TUF', '14 May', 'public', 'terms', 'website', 'force', 'adoption', 'conditions', 'procedures', 'accordance', 'Schedule', 'Annex', 'recommendations', 'retention', 'interests', 'Beneficiaries', 'achievement', 'figures', '31 December', 'executives', 'name', 'employees', 'opinion', 'Appointments', 'importance', 'roles', 'organisation', 'pursuit', 'clauses', 'Beneficiary', 'charge', 'rights', 'verification', 'relationship', 'existence', 'status', 'reference', 'case', 'categories', 'degree', 'impact', 'benefit', 'basis']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22137,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SECO-S-P-A-122374812/news/Seco-S-p-A-Proxy-Sub-proxy-form-pursuant-to-art-135-undecies-TUF-43417866/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Seco S p A : Proxy/Sub-proxy form pursuant to art. 135-undecies TUF,"(marketscreener.com)   SECO S.p.A.   PROXY FORM TO THE DESIGNATED REPRESENTATIVE PURSUANT TO ART. 135-UNDECIES OF LEGISLATIVE DECREE 58/1998   and pursuant to art. 106  paragraph 4  of Decree-Law no. 18 of 17 March 2020  on ""Measures to strengthen the…","SECO S.p.A.PROXY FORM TO THE DESIGNATED REPRESENTATIVE PURSUANT TO ART. 135-UNDECIES OF LEGISLATIVE DECREE 58/1998and pursuant to art. 106  paragraph 4  of Decree-Law no. 18 of 17 March 2020  on ""Measures to strengthen the National Health Service and provide economic support for families  workers and businesses related to the epidemiological emergency from COVID-19""  (""Cure Italy Decree"")  converted with modifications by Law no. 27  as extended by article 3  Decree-Law no. 228/2021  converted with amendments by Law no. 15 of 25 February 2022  and lastly by article 3  paragraph 10-undecies of Decree- Law no. 198 of 29 December 2022  converted with amendments by Law no. 14 of 24 February 2023Monte Titoli S.p.A.  with registered office in Milan  Piazza degli Affari n. 6  tax code no. 03638780159  part of Gruppo Euronext  Groups's VAT code no. 10977060960  (di hereinafter ""Monte Titoli"")  acting in the capacity of ""Designated Representative""  pursuant to Article 135-undecies of Legislative Decree 58/1998 and to art. 106  paragraph 4 of Decreto Cura Italia  taking into account the extension established by D.L. 30th December 2021 no. 228  as converted with modifications by Law 25 th February 2022 n. 15  and lastly by article 3  paragraph 10-undecies of Decree-Law no. 198 of 29 December 2022  converted with amendments by Law no. 14 of 24 February 2023  in the person of its specifically tasked employee or associate  gathers voting proxies in relation to the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of SECO S.p.A. (hereinafter the ""Company"" or ""SECO to be held at the office of Notary Jacopo Sodi  in Via dei Della Robbia no. 38  Florence  on 27 April 2023  at 10:00 a.m.  single call  as set forth in the notice of the shareholders' meeting published on the Company's website at www.seco.com  in the section Investors > Corporate Governance >Shareholders' Meeting on 27 March 2023  and  in abridged form  in the Italian daily newspaper ""Il Giornale"" on 28 March 2023  as well as republished supplemented respectively on 3 April 2023  and  in abridged form  in the Italian daily newspaper ""Il Giornale""  on 4 April 2023.The form of proxy with the relating voting instructions shall be received  in original  by Monte Titoli by the end of the second open market day preceding the date set for the Meeting (i.e.  i.e.  by 11:59 p.m. of 25 April 2023). The proxies and voting instructions may be revoked within the same deadline.Declaration of the Designated Representative - Monte Titoli declares that it has no personal interest in the proposed resolutions being voted upon. However  in view of the contractual relations existing between Monte Titoli and the Company with regard  in particular  to the provision of technical assistance in shareholders' meeting and additional services  in order to avoid any subsequent disputes about the supposed existence of circumstances able to create a conflict of interest under Article 135-decies  paragraph 2  f) of Legislative Decree no. 58/1998  Monte Titoli expressly declares that  if unknown circumstances should occur or in the event of amendment oradditions to the proposals put forward to the Shareholders' Meeting  it does not intend to cast a different vote from that indicated in the instructions.Please note: This form may be subject to change following any Integration of the agenda of the shareholders' meeting and presentation of new proposed resolutions pursuant to Article 126-bisLegislative Decree 58/1998  or individual proposed resolutions  in accordance with the terms and procedures indicated in the Notice of Call.This form has been amended following the request for integration of the Agenda formulated by the shareholder DSA S.r.l. pursuant to article 126-bis  TUF.PROXY FORM (Part 1 of 2)Complete with the information requested at the bottom of the form (§)I  the undersigned (party signing the proxy) (Name and Surname) (*) Born in (*) On (*) Tax identification code or other identification if foreign (*) Resident in (*) Address (*) Phone No. (**) Email (**) Valid ID document (type) (*) Issued by (*) No. (*) (to be enclosed as a copy)(§)The Company will process the personal data in accordance with the information attached.(*) Mandatory. (**) It is recommended to fill.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.48,0.5,True,English,"['Seco S', 'Proxy/Sub-proxy form', 'art.', 'TUF', 'Monte Titoli S.p.A.', 'Via dei Della Robbia', 'DSA S.r.l.', 'SECO S.p.A.', 'National Health Service', 'Piazza degli Affari', 'Decreto Cura Italia', 'Notary Jacopo Sodi', 'Italian daily newspaper', 'second open market', 'Valid ID document', 'Cure Italy Decree', 'new proposed resolutions', 'individual proposed resolutions', 'DESIGNATED REPRESENTATIVE PURSUANT', 'Tax identification code', ""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Article 126-bisLegislative Decree', 'D.L.', 'tax code', 'other identification', 'VAT code', 'economic support', 'epidemiological emergency', 'Gruppo Euronext', 'Corporate Governance', 'Il Giornale', 'same deadline', 'contractual relations', 'technical assistance', 'additional services', 'subsequent disputes', 'different vote', 'personal data', 'Phone No.', 'voting instructions', 'voting proxies', 'single call', 'abridged form', 'personal interest', 'unknown circumstances', 'Decree-Law no.', 'Article 135-decies', '10:00 a', 'Decree- Law', 'th February', 'The Company', 'PROXY FORM', '25 February', '24 February', 'ART.', 'paragraph', '17 March', 'Measures', 'families', 'workers', 'businesses', 'COVID', 'modifications', 'amendments', 'undecies', '29 December', 'registered', 'office', 'Milan', 'part', 'Groups', 'capacity', 'account', 'extension', 'employee', 'associate', 'Florence', '27 April', 'notice', 'website', 'section', 'Investors', '27 March', '28 March', '3 April', '4 April', 'relating', 'original', 'date', '25 April', 'Declaration', 'view', 'regard', 'provision', 'order', 'existence', 'conflict', 'event', 'proposals', 'change', 'Integration', 'agenda', 'presentation', 'accordance', 'terms', 'procedures', 'request', 'TUF', 'information', 'bottom', 'Name', 'foreign', 'Resident', 'Address', 'Email', 'type', 'copy', '11:59']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22138,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SECO-S-P-A-122374812/news/Seco-S-p-A-Supplemented-notice-of-call-of-the-Shareholders-meeting-27-04-2023-43417794/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Seco S p A : Supplemented notice of call of the Shareholders' meeting (27.04.2023),(marketscreener.com) a proxy - with voting instructions - with regard to all or some of the proposed voting items on the agenda using the specific proxy model drafted by the Designated Representative in agreement with the Company  available on the Company's w…,"SUPPLEMENT TO THE AGENDA OF THE ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF SECO S.P.A. NOTICE OF CALL With reference to the Shareholders' Meeting of SECO S.p.A. (""Seco"" or the ""Company"")  called for 27 April 2023 at 10:00  on a single call  via public notice made available on 27 March 2023  the Board of Directors of SECO  following the request made by the shareholder DSA S.r.l. pursuant to art. 126-bis of Legislative Decree No. 58/1998  has resolved to update the agenda of the Shareholders' meeting with the following items: ORDINARY SECTION 3. Proposal to appoint two directors to integrate the Board of Directors following co-optation. Related and consequent resolutions. Appointment of a new Board member  following the increase of the number of members of the Board from to 11 persons. Related and consequent resolutions. EXTRAORDINARY SECTION 1. Amendment of the Articles of Association. Related and consequent resolutions. The notice of call updated with these amendments is reported below. *** Pursuant to art. 106  paragraph 4  of the Italian Decree-Law 17 March 2020  No. 18 converted by the Italian Law 24 April 2020  No. 27  as subsequently amended and extended  lastly  by the Legislative Decree 29 December  2022  No. 198 converted by the Italian Law 24 February 2023  No. 14 (the ""Decree"")  SECO S.p.A. (""SECO"" or the ""Company"") has decided to avail itself of the faculty established therein  providing that participation in the Shareholders' Meeting by those entitled thereto may take place exclusively by conferring a proxy (or sub-delegation) to the representative designated by the Company pursuant to article 135-undecies of Legislative Decree No. 58/1998 (""TUF"") without the physical participation of the same. Accordingly  the Company has granted the aforesaid mandate to Monte Titoli S.p.A. - with registered office in Milan  Piazza degli Affari No. 6 (the ""Designated Representative"" or ""Monte Titoli""). The procedures for holding the Shareholders' Meeting may be supplemented  amended and communicated well in advance. The Shareholders are called to the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting to be held on 27 April 2023  in a single call  at 10:00 a.m.  at the office of Notary Jacopo Sodi  at Via dei Della Robbia no. 38 in Florence  to resolve on the following: AGENDA ORDINARY SECTION 1. Financial Statements for the fiscal year as of December 31  2022 and allocation of the Fiscal Year profits: 1.1. Approval of the Financial Statements for the fiscal year as of December 31  2022 after examination of the Management Report of the Board of Directors  the Report of the Board of Statutory Auditors and the Report of the Auditing Firm. Presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements as of 1December 31  2022. Presentation of the Consolidated non-Financial Statements prepared in accordance with Legislative Decree no. 254/16. Related and consequent resolutions; Proposal on the allocation of the results of the Fiscal Year. Related and consequent resolutions. Report on the policy regarding remuneration and fee paid: Approval of the remuneration policy pursuant to Art. 123 ter  paragraph 3- ter  of the Legislative Decree no. 58/1998; Deliberations on the ""Second section"" of the Report  pursuant to Art. 123 ter  paragraph 6  of the Legislative Decree no. 58/1998. Proposal to appoint two directors to integrate the Board of Directors following co-optation. Related and consequent resolutions. Proposal to supplement the total remuneration allocated to the Board of Directors by the ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of 1 March 2021. Related and consequent resolutions. Authorization to the purchase and disposal of treasury shares pursuant to Artt .2357  2357- ter of the Italian Civil Code  Art. 132 of the Legislative Decree no. 58/1998 and Art. 144-bis of the CONSOB Regulation adopted with Resolution no. 11971 of May 14  1999  after revocation  for the portion not implemented  of the resolution on the authorization approved by the ordinary Shareholders' Meeting on 27 April 2022.Related and consequent resolutions. Appointment of a new Board member  following the increase of the number of members of the Board from 10 to 11 persons. Related and consequent resolutions. EXTRAORDINARY SECTION 1. Amendment of the Articles of Association. Related and consequent resolutions. 2INFORMATION ON THE SHARE CAPITAL The share capital amounts to Euro 1 154 944.56 and is represented by a total number of 118 775 361 shares with no expressed par-value corresponding to  pursuant to article 120  paragraph 1 of the TUF and article 7.5 of the Bylaws  to 174 432 568 voting rights  of which (i) no. 63 114 654 ordinary shares (ISIN IT0005438046) granting an equal number of voting rights; (ii) no. 55 660 707 ordinary shares with augmented voting rights (ISIN IT0005439754) granting no. 111 321. 414 voting rights; as well as (iii) the following categories of shares  all of which are not listed on the Euronext Milan STAR organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and which do not confer voting rights: 2.500 Management '20 Shares; 1 000 Management Performance Shares. As of the date of this notice  the Company hold n. 1 053 334 of own shares. Further information on the Company's share capital  its composition and evolution can be found on the Company's website www.seco.com(Section ""Investor Relations > Corporate Governance""). INCREASED VOTING In accordance with art. 7.5 of Seco S.p.A.'s Bylaws  the regulation of the increased vote is provided  with the consequence that  in compliance with the provisions of art. 120  paragraph 1 of the TUF  share capital is meant to be the total number of voting rights. As a result of the increases in voting rights achieved as of the date of publication of this notice  the overall number of voting rights is 174 432 568. For further information  including information on the special list pursuant to Article 7.5.1 of the Company's Bylaws (the ""Special List"")  please refer to the website www.seco.com(Section ""Investor Relations > Corporate Governance""). Pursuant to Article 7.5 of the Bylaws  the Company will update the Special List (if necessary) within the fifth market trading day from the end of each calendar month and  in any case  in compliance with the provision of art. 83 -sexies  within the seventh market trading day preceding the date established for the Shareholders' Meeting  i.e. within 18 April 2023 (record date). RIGHT TO INTERVENE AND VOTE AND PARTICIPATION IN THE SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING: Right to intervene and vote Pursuant to combined provisions of Article 12 of the Bylaws and Article 83-sexies of the TUF  the right to intervene in the Shareholders' Meeting and exercise voting rights - exclusively through the Designated Representative - is attested by a communication made to the Company by the intermediary qualified to keep accounts in accordance with law  in compliance with its accounting records  in favour of the party entitled to vote  on the basis of evidences relating to the end of the accounting day of the seventh market trading day prior to the date established for the Shareholders' Meeting i.e. by 18 April 2023 (record date); credit and debit records made on the accounts after that date shall not count for entitlement to exercise voting rights at the Shareholders' Meeting. The notice from the intermediary must be received by the Company by the end of the third market trading day preceding the Shareholders' Meeting (i.e.  by 24 April 2023). Nevertheless  the right to intervene and vote shall remain intact if the notifications are received by the Company after this deadline  as long as they are received before the start of the Shareholders' meeting proceedings. Directors and Statutory Auditors  the designated representative  as well as other persons entitled according to law  different from those who are entitled to vote (who must grant proxy to the designated representative as specified below)  may participate in the Shareholders' Meeting by means of telecommunications that also allow them to be identified. 3Participation in the Shareholders' Meeting and granting of proxy to the Designated Representative The Shareholders who intend to intervene at the Shareholders' Meeting must therefore grant the Designated Representative - without any expense for the delegating party (except for any delivery costs) - a proxy - with voting instructions - with regard to all or some of the proposed voting items on the agenda using the specific proxy model drafted by the Designated Representative in agreement with the Company  available on the Company's website (www.seco.comSection ""Investor Relations > Corporate Governance > Shareholders' Meeting""). The proxy with the voting instructions must be delivered to the Designated Representative together with a copy of a currently valid delegating shareholder's identity document or  if the delegating shareholder is a legal person  the pro-tempore legal representative or another party with appropriate powers  together with appropriate documentation certifying their qualification and powers  to the above-mentioned Designated Representative  by the end of the second market trading day preceding the Shareholders' Meeting date (i.e. by 25 April 2023)  by the following alternative ways: (i) transmission of a copy reproduced electronically (PDF) to the certified mail address RD@pec.euronext.comspecifying in the subject ""Proxy for SECO 2023 Shareholders' Meeting"" from their certified mailbox (or  in absence thereof  from their ordinary mailbox  in which case the proxy with voting instructions must be undersigned with a qualified electronic or digital signature); (ii) transmission of the original copy by express courier or registered letter with return receipt to the address: Monte Titoli S.p.A.  - c.a. Ufficio Register & AGM Services  Piazza degli Affari no. 6  20123 Milan  Ref. ""Proxy for SECO 2023 Shareholders' Meeting""  sending in advance an electronically reproduced copy (PDF) by ordinary e-mail to RD@pec.euronext.com(subject: ""Proxy for SECO 2023 Shareholders' Meeting""). By the same deadline of 25 April 2023  the proxy and voting instructions may always be revoked as indicated above. Pursuant to the Decree  those who do not intend to exercise the method of intervention provided for in Article 135-undecies of the TUF may  alternatively  grant the Designated Representative a proxy or sub-delegation pursuant to Article 135-novies of the TUF  necessarily containing voting instructions about all or some of the proposal on the agenda  by using the specific proxy/sub-delegation form  available on the Company's website at www.seco.com(Section ""Investor Relations > Corporate Governance > Shareholders' Meeting""). For the transmission of such proxies/sub-delegations  the procedures indicated above and also set out in the proxy/sub-proxy form must be followed. The proxy/sub-delegations must be received by 6:00 p.m. on the day preceding the Shareholders' Meeting (and in any event by the start of the Shareholders' meeting proceedings). Within the above-mentioned deadline  the proxy/sub-delegations and voting instructions may always be revoked as indicated above. The Designated Representative will be available for any explanations or information at the address RegisterServices@euronext.comor at the following telephone number (+39) 0233635810 (during the open office days  from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 pm). Please note that there is no provision for voting by electronic means or by correspondence. RIGHT TO REQUEST ADDITIONS TO THE AGENDA AND TO SUBMIT NEW PROPOSALS FOR RESOLUTIONS Pursuant to Article 126-bis of the TUF  Shareholders who  also jointly  represent at least one fortieth of the share capital may request  within ten days from the publication of this notice (i.e. by 7 April 2023) to integrate the list of items to be discussed  by indicating in the request the additional items they have proposed or submit resolution proposals regarding items that have already been included in the agenda. Entitlement to exercise this right shall be attested by a communication to the Company provided by the authorised intermediary pursuant to Article 43  paragraph 1  of the Consob and Bank of Italy joint regulation on post-trading of 13 4",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Seco S', ""Shareholders' meeting"", 'Supplemented', 'notice', 'call', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Monte Titoli S.p.A.', 'SECO S.P.A. NOTICE', 'DSA S.r.l.', 'Via dei Della Robbia', 'Piazza degli Affari', 'Notary Jacopo Sodi', 'Consolidated non-Financial Statements', 'Italian Civil Code', 'Euronext Milan STAR', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'Fiscal Year profits', 'new Board member', 'augmented voting rights', ""EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", 'AGENDA ORDINARY SECTION', 'public notice', 'EXTRAORDINARY SECTION', '68 voting rights', '414 voting rights', 'Italian Decree-Law', 'Italian Law', 'following items', 'consequent resolutions', 'aforesaid mandate', '10:00 a', 'Statutory Auditors', 'Auditing Firm', 'Second section', 'CONSOB Regulation', 'SHARE CAPITAL', 'following categories', '1,000 Management Perform', 'Legislative Decree', '63,114,654 ordinary shares', 'total remuneration', 'treasury shares', ""2.500 Management '20 Shares"", 'single call', 'physical participation', 'Designated Representative', '10 to 11 persons', 'total number', 'equal number', 'Art. 123 ter', 'two directors', 'Management Report', 'remuneration policy', '118,775,361 shares', 'SUPPLEMENT', 'reference', 'Company', '27 April', '27 March', 'request', 'bis', 'Proposal', 'optation', 'Related', 'Appointment', 'increase', 'members', 'Amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'paragraph', 'No.', 'faculty', 'place', 'proxy', 'sub-delegation', 'TUF', 'office', 'procedures', 'advance', 'Florence', 'December', 'allocation', 'Approval', 'examination', 'Presentation', 'accordance', 'results', 'fee', 'Deliberations', '1 March', 'Authorization', 'purchase', 'disposal', 'Artt', 'May', 'revocation', 'portion', 'INFORMATION', 'THE', 'par-value', 'Bylaws', 'ISIN']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22139,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETA-EDITORIALE-IL-FAT-55942507/news/Societa-Editoriale-Il-Fatto-S-p-a-The-Board-of-Directors-approves-the-financial-draft-stateme-43411700/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230403,Società Editoriale Il Fatto S.p.a. :  The Board of Directors approves the financial draft statement at December 31st  2022,(marketscreener.com)  PRESS RELEASESOCIETÀ EDITORIALE IL FATTO S.P.A.:The Board of Directors approves the financial draft statement at December 31st  2022Revenues at Euro 27.9 million compared to Euro 32.5 million in the previous yearValue of Productio…,"Società Editoriale Il Fatto S.p.a. : The Board of Directors approves the financial draft statement at December 31st  2022 04/03/2023 | 03:20am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields PRESS RELEASE SOCIETÀ EDITORIALE IL FATTO S.P.A.: The Board of Directors approves the financial draft statement at December 31st  2022 Revenues at Euro 27.9 million compared to Euro 32.5 million in the previous yearValue of Production of Euro 40 million compared to Euro 38.4 million as of December 31  2021EBITDA of Euro 7.1 million up from Euro 5.9 million as of December 31  2021EBIT amounting to Euro 1.2 million compared to Euro 465 thousand as of December 31  2021Net income amounting to Euro 2.5 million compared to Euro 169 thousand as of December 31  2021Net financial position (cash) Euro 573 thousand compared to Euro (1.6 million) as of December 31  2021Shareholders' equity of Euro 7.1 million compared to Euro 4.5 million as of December 31  2021 Rome  31 March 2023 - The Board of Directors of SEIF S.p.A. (the “Company” or “SEIF”) media content provider and publisher of various publishing and multimedia products  a company whose shares are traded at Euronext Growth Milan  a multilateral system organized and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  and at Euronext Growth Paris  announces that  today  the Board of Directors approved the draft financial statements for the year ended December 31st   2022. SEIF started in 2022 a transformation process aimed at enhancing the value of the existing activities and business branches that have been created over the years both for the purpose of revenue diversification and to make a transformation path - in compliance with the founding values - aimed at improving the economic-financial indicators. Cinzia Monteverdi  President and CEO of SEIF  stated  “2022 has been a particularly complex and  at the same time  challenging year for SEIF. The worldwide events and the macroeconomic framework forced SEIF to accelerate a substantial transformation process. So  at the very center of the year just ended  the enhancement of the diversification brought forward in recent years and the establishment of a new business branch dedicated to education. The strong technological push  the consolidation of the relationship with readers  the opening to new generations with the web 3.0 tools  combined with television productions and the new business unit dedicated to Education  constitute for SEIF a real relaunch of the Company and a transformation from Media Company to Community Company. We have laid the foundations to grow over the next three years and to respond strongly to the sudden changes of this era”. SEIF's new business plan is a major turning point that looks to the future and durability. The technological innovation  the new branch dedicated to edutcation  and various forms of active participation are all  in fact  elements that will have as their direction the new target in addition to the consolidation of the current community and the further enhancement of publishing. Financial Highlights (in thousands of Euro) Financial Year 2022 % revenues on production value 2021 % revenues on production value A) Production value 1) revenues from sales and services 27 984 69.88% 32 533 84.52% 2) variations of inventory of raw and auxiliary materials  consumables and supplies 25 0.06% -19 -0.05% 4) increases in fixed assets for internal works 5 012 12.52% 5 502 14.30% 5) other revenues 7 022 17.54% 473 1.23% Total (A) 40 044 100% 38 490 100% The table shows an increase of Value of Production of 4% compared to the previous year. The individual items of Value of Production underwent the following changes: (i) revenues from sales and services amounting to K/Euro 27 984 decreased by 13.98% compared to FY 2022 as better analyzed in the following section; (ii) changes in inventories of K/Euro 25 increased by K/Euro 44 particularly due to the inventories of books published in the last two months of the year; (iii) increases in fixed assets for internal works amounting to K/Euro 5 012 show a decrease of 8.9% compared to the previous year mainly due to the reduction of investments in TV content of the Loft Productions division which are charged in the item under consideration in the amount of K/Euro 4 507 together with investments in technological innovation and developments of new digital products in the amount of K/Euro 505; (iv) other incomes in the amount of K/Euro 7 022 were affected by the allocation of a non-recurring amount of K/Euro 6 753. This amount represents the capital gain from the contribution of the Loft Produzioni business unit mentioned above and which is analyzed in detail in the notes to the financial statements. The capital gain represents the difference between the value of the appraisal of the business unit prepared by Professor Gimede Gigante and the value as of September 30  2022 of the balance sheet assets and liabilities included in and pertaining to the business unit itself. An analysis of the change in revenues from sales and services reveals the following: A.1 Revenues from sales and services Value at 31.12.2022 % on revenues Value at 31.12.2021 % on revenues variat. Var. % Publishing sector 22 001 78.62 24 328 74.78 -2 328 -9.57% Media content sector 2 201 7.86% 3 532 10.86% -1 331 -37.70% Advertising sector 3 783 13.52% 4 673 14.36% -890 -19.05% Total 27 984 100.00% 32 533 100.00% -4.549 -13.98% Publishing sector : revenues in the publishing sector decreased overall by 9.57% due to a decline that impacted almost exclusively publishing products in the print format having kept the previous year's level of subscription revenues. It should be noted and considered that the Italian market  in 2022  recorded a decline in the number of copies sold at newsstands of -18%. Revenues attributable to the publishing sector are mainly composed of revenues from (i) newsstand sales of the daily newspaper in the amount of K/Euro 14 533  which decreased by 10.50% compared to the previous year; (ii) sales of the monthly magazine FQMillennium in the amount of K/Euro 420  which decreased by more than 22% compared to the previous year; (iii) sales of Paper First books in the newsstand and bookstore channel in the amount of K/Euro 1 079  which decreased by nearly 27% mainly as a function of the publication of a lower number of titles than in the previous fiscal year especially those intended for the distribution in bookstores; (iv) of subscription sales of publishing products and digital content for k/Euro 5 962 showing a 1.60% decrease in accrual revenues compared to FY 2021  although the 2022 revenues increased by about 7%  but the change in the mix between monthly and annual (increased) led to the above result in terms of revenue accrual. Media content sector : media content sector revenues showed a total decrease of about 37.7% and consisted mainly of revenues from (i) the exploitation of TV content for K/Euro 1 774  which decreased by more than 45% compared to the previous year mainly due to the reduction in the number of episodes requested due to restriction of broadcasters' advertising budgets; (ii) sales of theatrical shows and events of K/Euro 191  which showed a strong growth (K/Euro 130) compared to 2021; and (iii) TVLOFT App subscriptions of K/Euro 236  which show a growth of more than 10% compared to 2021. Advertising sector : advertising revenues of K/Euro 3 783  showed a decrease of about 19%. 2022 was a year dramatically affected by the outbreak of the Russia-Ukraine conflict  which negatively affected the budgets in advertising investment of companies in every sector so that the entire advertising revenue sector  especially for the traditional channel publishing sector  was down. Revenues in 2022 are mainly composed of (i) newspaper advertising sales of K/Euro 786 with an increase of more than 10% compared to 2021; (ii) website advertising sales of K/Euro 2 992 showing a decrease of 24.43% compared to the previous year. By analyzing the marginality of the business management  the following should be pointed out: (in thousands of Euro) Financial Year 2022 % production value 2021 % production value Production value 40 044 100.00% 38 490 100.00% EBITDA 7 195 17.97% 5 942 15.44% EBIT 1 251 3.12% 466 1.21% EBT 1 198 2.99% 453 1.18% Net Result 2 500 6.24% 169 0.44% EBITDA is defined as: earnings for the year  adjusted for the following components: (i) income taxes of the year  (ii) financial components  and (iii) depreciation and amortization of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets  write-downs  and other provisions. EBIT is defined as: income for the year  adjusted for the following components: (i) income taxes for the year  (ii) financial components. EBT is defined as: result for the year  adjusted for the following components: (i) income taxes for the year. The value of EBITDA as of 31/12/2022 shows an increase in both percentage (+21%) and absolute amount (+K/Euro 1 253). It should be noted for the sake of completeness of information that the value is affected by the non-recurring amount accounted for under Other revenues of the capital gain inherent the contribution of the business unit intended for the production of television content called ""Loft Productions"" of which ample information was given previously. EBIT shows a value of K/Euro 1 251. EBT is K/Euro 1 198 as a result of the presence of net financial expenses of K/Euro 53. NET INCOME of K/Euros 2 500 is positively affected by deferred taxes recorded since they are deemed recoverable in future years in connection with the Company's development plans. Information regarding the main balance sheet indicators for December 31  2022 and 2021 is provided below. In particular  the reclassified statement of financial position by sources and uses is provided: Financial Balance Sheet Uses 31.12.2022 31.12.2021 Sources 31.12.2022 31.12.2021 Intangible fixed assets 2 521 572 8 923 166 share capital 2 501 000 2 501 000 Tangible fixed assets 126 991 169 888 reserves 3 114 667 3 072 684 Financial fixed assets 14 365 934 969 405 profit (loss) carried forward -987 264 -1 156 051 profit (loss) for the year 2 499 899 168 787 Fixed asset 17 014 497 10 062 459 Shareholders' equity 7 128 302 4 586 420 Non-cash assets 154 854 93 823 Consolidated liabilities 4 767 176 4 998 800 Deferred cash 5 057 834 6 552 775 Immediate cash 695 566 3 111 950 Current liabilities 11 027 273 10 235 787 Current assets 5 908 254 9 758 548 Liabilities 15 794 449 15 234 587 Invested Capital 22 922 751 19 821 007 Financing capital 22 922 751 19 821 007 Shareholders' Equity increased by K/Euros 2 542  mainly due to the achievement of net income 2022. Reserves in Shareholders' Equity amounted to K/Euros 3 115 and consisted of the Extraordinary Reserve of K/Euros 3 695  the Legal Reserve of K/Euros 500  the Negative Reserve for treasury shares in portfolio of K/Euros (1 140)  the Expected Cash Flow Hedging Reserve of K/Euros 51 and the Share Premium Reserve of K/Euros 9. The reclassification of the Balance Sheet shows the significant increase in net fixed assets of K/Euros 6 952 mainly due to the decrease in net intangible fixed assets by K/Euros (6 402) and the increase in net financial fixed assets by K/Euros 13 397. The main cause that had an effect on the two items indicated is related to the transaction of the contribution of the audio-visual production business unit named Loft Productions  which was transferred effective December 30  2022 to a limited liability company specially established and 100% controlled by SEIF. For the purpose of a comprehensive commentary on the above items  the following is specified: - net intangible assets (K/Euros 2 522) increased during the fiscal year by gross investments amounting to K/Euros 5 736 of which K/Euros 4 719 were earmarked for the production of TV content  for which the company holds all copyrights and economic exploitation rights over time; of which K/Euros 494 were earmarked for overall investments in technological innovation and new digital products; of which K/Euros 524 were earmarked for the development of the new production branch inherent to ""Education"" and named “Scuola del Fatto”. Total amortization of intangible assets for the year amounted to K/Euro 5 728. As a result of the transfer of the business branch  all accounting items inscribed in intangible assets within the scope of the business branch itself were recorded under Financial Fixed Assets  which in total amounted to a net amount of K/Euro 6 409; - tangible fixed assets (K/Euro 127) did not undergo significant changes due to the fact that assets of K/Euro 30 were purchased  and depreciation of K/Euro 73 was charged  registering an overall negative change of K/Euro 43. The items pertaining to the Loft Productions business unit have been reallocated to financial fixed assets and the total gross amount is K/Euro 231 depreciated by a total of K/Euro 230. - financial fixed assets (K/Euros 14 366) increased by K/Euros 13 397 due essentially to: (i) the reclassification to this item of financial investments deposited with the BCC of Rome amounting to K/Euros 597 previously allocated to financial assets in current assets; (ii) the recognition of the 100% equity investment in the subsidiary Loft Produzioni S.r.l. in the amount of K/Euro 12 738  equal to the appraisal value of the conferred audio-visual productions business unit  plus directly attributable ancillary charges; (iii) the increase in derivative financial instruments receivable in the amount of K/Euro 60  stipulated at the disbursement date (June 2020) of the Unicredit S.p.A. loan to hedge the risk of interest rate fluctuations of the loan itself. The following is an analysis of cash flows for 2021 compared to those for the same period last year: From the flows shown below  we can see a cash flow from income management of K/Euros -491 mainly due to the decrease in revenues recorded in 2022. The flow of investment activity shown expresses the value net of the reduction of the same by the fixed assets transferred with the contribution of the Loft Produzioni business unit that were allocated to financial fixed assets. Therefore  the actual amount of gross investment in FY 2022 is K/Euro 6 364. This confirms that the Company has continued to run its current production and business activities on a regular basis as well as continuing with its investment program. Cash flows (in thousands of Euro) 2022 2021 Profit (loss) for the year before income taxes  interest  dividends -5 502 466 Adjustments for non-monetary items 6 165 6 123 Changes in net working capital -471 624 Other changes -683 -393 Cash flow from operations (A) -491 6 820 Cash flow from investing activities (B) -1 746 -6 667 Cash flow from financing activities (C) -179 -305 Increase (decrease) of cash and cash equivalents (A ± B ± C) -2 416 -152 Cash at the beginning of the financial year 3 112 3 264 Cash at the end of the financial year 696 3 112 Changes on cash -2 416 -152 The Current Net Financial Position of K/Euro 385 is composed exclusively of cash and cash equivalents  net of portions of loans whose repayment instalments fall due in the 12 months following the year-end. Financial payables consist of the loan of original K/Euro 2 500 intended to support 2020 investments which is regularly being repaid and of which a principal amount of K/Euro 1 581 remained as of Dec. 31  2022; (ii) by short-term credit lines requested and granted in 2020 and partially drawn down in 2022 with a balance on the balance sheet of K/Euro 434. The outstanding loan with Unicredit Bank has a floating rate and the Company has hedged the risk of interest rate fluctuations by signing an ""interest rate cap"" derivative with an interest rate cap at 2.05%. Under no circumstances will the instrument generate further changes in the flows born by the Company until the loan is repaid. It is noted that the overall Net Financial Position of K/Euro 573 shows minimal financial debt that has no effect on the performance of current activities  corresponding to an insignificant percentage compared to the volume of revenues. It should also be noted that  starting with the analyses set out in the half-year financial report as of June 30  2022  among the values shown in the NFP statement as cash equivalent  the financial investments of K/Euro 597 managed through the BCC of Rome and subject to a pledge in favor of the same bank  which has issued sureties in favor of the Company for the same amount  have not been considered. In order to provide a better comparison with the previous year's amounts  the amount of securities has not been included in the amounts reported as of 31/12/2021 shown in the following table: Net Financial Position 31.12.2022 31.12.2021 Current financial credits Liquidity – cash and cash equivalent (1 441 780) (3 863 126) Current financial payables Current financial payables 1 056 671 610 109 Net current financial debt (385 109) (3 253 017) Non-current financial payables Non-current financial payables 958 397 1 581 146 Net financial position - NFP 573 288 (1 671 871) Avarage collection days (giorni medi di incasso - DSO) 30 45 Average payment days (giorni medi di incasso - DPO) 63 69 Allocation of profit for the year 2022 The Board of Directors resolved to propose to the Shareholders' Meeting that the profit for the year of Euro 2 499 899 be carried forward  using it partially to fully cover past losses. Activities carried out in 2022 In FY2022  the company regularly carried out the operational and management activities of all production branches of the various publishing products and services. Organizational and human resource structures were maintained and indeed strengthened to provide support for management activities especially those necessary for business expansion. On November 25  2022  the publishing company Il Fatto deliberated the new three-year business plan. At the center of the plan is the brand-loyalty community  technological innovation  the enhancement of diversification  and the creation of the new Business Unit dedicated to Education. In a nutshell  the business plan for the next three years envisions the transformation of the Company from a Media Company to a Community Company. As part of the enhancement of diversification undertaken by the Company for some time  on November 25  2022  the Board of Directors resolved to establish a new company wholly owned by SEIF to which it will contribute the business unit dedicated to the production of television content and the production and distribution of theatrical shows. The motivations for the spin-off operation are strategic and industrial. In fact  it is believed that the creation of a separate legal entity may increase the perceived autonomy of the newco by allowing the branch's development potential to become transparent  making assessments by potential investors interested in media content less complicated. At the same time it will make business interlocutions with commissioning players and production partners easier by virtue of the explicit separation of the business in the audiovisual production market. On December 14  2022  the company ""Loft Produzioni S.r.l."" was established  with share capital of 100 000 euros (fully subscribed and paid up by SEIF) and headquarters in Via di S. Erasmo No. 2  Rome. On December 21  2022  by deed of notary Salvatore Mariconda of Rome  the share capital of Loft Produzioni S.r.l. was increased to Euro 200 000 through SEIF's contribution of the Loft Produzioni business unit. Significant events occured after the end of the year Subsequent to December 31  2022  and up to the date of approval of these financial statements  no business events have occurred that would have an impact on the financial and economic results represented. As of the date of preparation of this report  the Company is not experiencing reductions in operating activities or in the related volumes of revenues and cash flows. Business outlook ? In the early months of 2023  the Company is committed to implementing the business plan approved on November 25  2022 as well as ensuring the smooth running of current production and management activities. The Company in compliance with the business plan is therefore carrying out the transformation from Media Company to Community Company. In the first quarter as envisaged in the plan after the release of the telematics platform for the delivery of training  the first training courses of the “Scuola del Fatto” started  representing the concrete realization of the new dedicated business unit. For the development of the new business unit  the Company is committed to establishing partnerships with companies and universities to which the “Scuola del Fatto” can provide an additional training service compared to traditional training courses. Therefore  by 2023 courses will be provided in collaboration with leading Italian universities and at the same time B2B will be developed in addition to B2C with a highly innovative approach not only in terms of didactic mode but also in terms of content by going to identify the business needs of each interlocutor that in the face of the epochal changes of the last two years also needs to understand new working models for its employees. The television content production activities are now in the hands of the subsidiary Loft Produzioni S.r.l.  which is carrying out the budgeted projects  also concretizing collaborations and co-productions useful in the pursuit of expanding the volume of businesses. The Company continues to comply with the regulations still in force concerning the Covid-19 pandemic and to monitor the trend in the number of contagions in order to protect health in the workplace also with the planned and agreed use of agile work. Calling of Ordinary General Meeting and filing of documents The Board of Directors has delegated authority to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer to convene a shareholders' meeting on April 28  2023 for the purpose of resolving  in ordinary session  on the approval of the financial statements for the year ending December 31  2022  on the allocation of the year's result. The documents required by current regulations  including the reasoned proposal to be made by the Board of Statutory Auditors regarding the appointment of the statutory auditors  will be made available at the Company's registered office in Via di Sant'Erasmo 2  Rome  and on the Company's website www.seif-spa.it  Investor Relations section within the terms required by current regulations Additional information In addition to the financial information referred to in the preceding points  the income statement  balance sheet and cash flow statement are hereby attached. 1.Ordinary Balance Sheet 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Assets B) Fixed assets I – Intangible fixed assets - - 1) start-up and capital costs 297 296 563 425 4) concessions  licenses  trademarks and similar rights 7 421 61 607 6) assets under construction and payments on account 974 450 223 662 7) other 1 242 405 8 074 472 Total intangible fixed assets 2 521 572 8 923 166 II – Tangible fixed assets - - 4) other assets 126 991 169 888 Total tangible fixed assets 126 991 169 888 III – Financial fixed assets - - 1)holdings in: Subsidiaries 12 737 880 - Total holdings 12 737 880 - 2) receivables - - d-bis) other receivables 1 560 340 961 902 due within the next year 1 343 305 751 266 due after the next year 217 035 210 636 Total receivables 1 560 340 961 902 4) active derivative financial instruments 67 714 7 503 Total financial fixed assets 14 365 934 969 405 Total fixed assets (B) 17 014 497 10 062 459 C) Current asset I - Inventories - - 1) raw  subsidiary and consumable materials 37 468 1 797 4) finished products and goods 117 386 92 026 Total inventories 154 854 93 823 II - Receivables - - 1) trade receivables 2 455 189 4 250 922 due within the next year 2 455 189 4 250 922 5-bis) tax receivables 248 484 405 667 due within the next one year 248 484 405 667 5-ter) pre-paid taxes 1 939 132 649 803 5-quater) from third parties 320 842 416 813 due within the next one year 320 842 416 813 Total receivables 4 963 647 5 723 205 III – Financial assets not of a fixed nature - - 6) other assets - 622 659 Total financial assets not of a fixed nature - 622 659 IV – Cash and cash equivalents - - 1) bank and postal deposit 694 618 3 111 004 3) cash at bank and in hand 948 946 Total cash and cash equivalents 695 566 3 111 950 Total current assets (C) 5 814 067 9 551 637 D) Accrual and deferred income 94 187 206 911 Total assets 22 922 751 19 821 007 Liabilities A) Shareholders' equity 7 128 302 4 586 420 I – Share capital 2 501 000 2 501 000 II – Share premium reserve 8 700 8 700 IV – Legal reserve 500 000 500 000 VI – Other reserves  indicated separately - - Extraordinary reserve 3 694 856 3 694 856 Total other reserve 3 694 856 3 694 856 VII – Reserve for hedging operations of expected cash flows 51 463 5 702 VIII – Profit (loss) carried forward (987 264) (1 156 051) IX – Profit (loss) of the year 2 499 899 168 787 X – Negative reserve for purchase of own shares (1 140 352) (1 136 574) Total shareholders' equity 7 128 302 4 586 420 B) Provisions for risks and charges 2) tax provisions  including deferred tax liabilities 16 251 1 801 4) other 691 707 685 289 Total for risks and charges 707 958 687 090 C) Employee severance indemnity 3 100 821 2 730 564 D) Payables 4) bank financing 2 015 068 2 191 255 due within the next year 1 056 671 610 109 due after the next year 958 397 1 581 146 7) trade payables 3 866 623 3 942 364 due within the next year 3 866 623 3 942 364 9) amounts payable to controlled companies 435 875 - due within the next year 435 875 12) tax payables 474 238 481 563 due within the next year 474 238 481 563 13) amounts payable to social security institutions 1 040 114 1 113 514 due within the next year 1 040 114 1 113 514 14) other receivables 2 303 881 2 571 708 due within the next year 2 303 881 2 571 708 Total debts 10 135 799 10 300 404 E) Accrual and deferred income 1 849 871 1 516 529 Total liabilities 22 922 751 19 821 007 2.Ordinary Income Statement 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 A) Production value 1) revenues from sales and services 27 983 762 32 533 207 2) variations of inventory of raw and auxiliary materials  consumables and supplies 25 360 (18 564) 4) increases in fixed assets for internal works 5 012 443 5 502 187 5) other revenues and income - - other 7 022 024 473 016 Total other revenues and income 7 022 024 473 016 Total production value 40 043 589 38 489 846 B) Cost of production 6) for raw and auxiliary materials  consumables and supplies 1 572 327 945 628 7) for services 16 759 185 17 537 844 8) for use of assets owned by others 1 693 526 1 635 078 9) for personnel - - a) salaries and wages 8 762 265 8 407 641 b) social security 2 697 210 2 646 645 c) employee severance indemnity 729 545 527 103 e) other costs 201 575 167 954 Total personnel costs 12 390 595 11 749 343 10) amortization  depreciation and impairment - - a) depreciation of intangible fixed assets 5 728 338 5 194 812 b) depreciation of tangible fixed assets 72 568 90 649 d) writedowns of receivables included in current assets and cash and cash equivalents - 40 000 Total amortization  depreciation and impairment 5 800 906 5 325 461 11) variations of inventory of raw and auxiliary materials  consumables and supplies (35 671) 47 651 12) provisions for risks 142 447 150 644 14) other operating costs 469 068 632 423 Total of cost of production 38 792 383 38 024 072 Difference between value and costs of production (A - B) 1 251 206 465 774 C) Financial revenues and expenses 16) other financial revenues - - a) from receivables recorded as fixed assets - - other 1 800 1 800 Total revenues different from the previous 1 800 1 800 c) from securities included under the working capital which are not shareholdings - 36 435 d) revenues different from the previous - - other 8 4 388 Total of financial revenues other than the above 8 4 388 Total of other financial revenues 1 808 42 623 17) Interests and financial expenses - - other 53 411 54 209 Total interests and financial expenses 53 411 54 209 17-bis) exchange gains and losses (1 651) (942) Total financial revenues and expenses (15+16-17+-17-bis) (53 254) (12 528) Result before taxes (A-B+-C+-D) 1 197 952 453 246 20) Current  deferred and prepaid taxes on the income of the year current taxes - 156 734 taxes related to previous years (12 618) - deferred and anticipated taxes (1 289 329) 127 725 Total current  deferred and prepaid taxes on the income of the year (1 301 947) 284 459 21) Profit (loss) for the year 2 499 899 168 787 3.Cashflow statement  indirect method Amount at 31/12/2022 Amount at 31/12/2021 A) Cash flows from operating activities (indirect method) Profit (loss) for the year 2 499 899 168 787 Income taxes (1 301 947) 284 459 Payable (receivable) interest 53 254 12 528 (Gains)/Losses on disposal of assets (6 752 777) 1) Profit (loss) for the year before income tax  interest  dividends and capital gains/losses from conveyances (5 501 571) 465 774 Adjustments to non monetary items that were not offset in the net working capital Allocation to preserves 986 732 812 730 Depreciation of fixed assets 5 800 906 5 285 461 Other adjustments to increase/(decrease) non-monetary items (622 659) 24 331 Total adjustments for non-monetary items that were not offset in the net working capital 6 164 979 6 122 522 2) Cash flow before changing net working capital 663 408 6 588 296 Changes in net working capital Decrease/(increase) in inventory 61 031 66 215 Decrease/(increase) in payables to customers 1 795 733 799 614 Increase (decrease) in trade payables (75 741) 215 250 Decrease/(Increase) in accrued income and prepayments 112 724 16 634 Increase/(Decrease) in accrued income and prepayments 333 342 (128 150) Other decreases/(Other increases) in net working capital (2 576 250) (345 407) Total changes in net working capital (471 233) 624 156 3) Cash flow after changes in net working capital 192 185 7 212 452 Other adjustments Interest received/(paid) (53 254) (12 528) (Use of funds) (629 550) (380 490) Total other adjustments (682 804) (393 018) Cash flow from operating activity (A) (490 619) 6 819 434 B) Cash flow from investment activity Tangible fixed assets (Investments) (30 068) (58 621) Intangible assets (Investments) (1 017 294) (5 854 701) Financial fixed assets (Investments) (698 438) (753 927) Cash flow from investment activity (B) (1 745 800) (6 667 249) C) Cash flow from financing activity Third party resources Increase (Decrease) in short-term payables to banks 12 640 (298 415) (Loan repayment) (188 827) Own resources Capital increase against payment 9 700 Transfer/(purchase) of own shares (3 778) (15 907) Cash flow from financing activity (C) (179 965) (304 622 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A ± B ± C) (2 416 384) (152 437) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year Bank and postal deposits 3 111 004 3 260 371 Money and equivalents on hand 946 4 016 Total of cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 3 111 950 3 264 387 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year Bank and postal deposits 694 618 3 111 004 Money and equivalents on hand 948 946 Total cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 695 566 3 111 950 Square difference SOCIETÀ EDITORIALE IL FATTO S.P.A. (SEIF) is an independent media company  founded in Rome in 2009 and led by Cinzia Monteverdi  President and CEO. The company publishes several editorial and multimedia products  including Il Fatto Quotidiano  founded by Antonio Padellaro and edited by Marco Travaglio  the news website ilfattoquotidiano.it and the monthly magazine FQ Millennium  edited by Peter Gomez  and the publishing house Paper First  edited by Marco Lillo. SEIF has recently embarked on a process of diversification to become more and more of an all-round media content provider  launching a strategy to develop its products in a digital and data-driven key and to produce TV with the LOFT business unit.For further information:Press Office:CommunityMarco RubinoTel: +39 335 6509552Giuliana Pampani +39 340 8384422mail: marco@community.itEuronext Growth AdvisorAlantra Capital MarketsVia Borgonuovo  16 – 20121 Milanotel. +39 02 63671613Stefano Bellavitamail: stefano.bellavita@alantra.comSEIF - Investor relations06 32818514Cinzia Monteverdi (CEO): ir@seif-spa.itLuigi Calicchia (CFO): l.calicchia@seif-spa.itThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: m2xrY8iXaG+ZyW9tlMmaa5dsbZhhxJadapKXmmptlZeWbpxgnWtmbZvGZnBqlmxm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79170-cos_eng_31032023.pdf Receive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews © 2023 ActusNews All news about SOCIETÀ EDITORIALE IL FATTO S.P.A. 04/03 ITALY GROWTH WINNERS & LOSERS: The Fact and Casta Diva up .. AN 04/03 Società Editoriale Il Fatto S.p.a. : The Board of Directors approves the financial draft s.. AT 03/31 Publishing Company The Fact  profits fly in 2022 AN 03/24 ITALY GROWTH WINNERS & LOSERS: SEIF on top; goes down GO i.. AN 03/20 SEIF  first lecture series of the school of The Fact starts today AN 01/30 Società Editoriale Il Fatto S.p.a. : Approval of the 2023 financial calendar AT 01/26 Società Editoriale Il Fatto S.p.a. : Notice of substantial change of shareholding AT 01/25 Società Editoriale Il Fatto S.p.a. : SEIF: Loft Produzioni and Mompracem sign an agreement.. AT 01/24 SEIF  Loft and Mompracen will develop news and historical-political docs AN 01/24 ITALY GROWTH WINNERS & LOSERS: TrenDevice and Alfonsino in.. AN",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Il Fatto S.p.a', 'financial draft statement', 'Società Editoriale', 'The Board', 'Directors', 'December', 'Società Editoriale Il Fatto S.p.a.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'PRESS RELEASE SOCIETÀ EDITORIALE', 'SEIF S.p.A.', 'Loft Produzioni business unit', 'multiple email addresses', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'major turning point', 'last two months', 'Loft Productions division', 'Professor Gimede Gigante', 'financial draft statement', 'strong technological push', 'balance sheet assets', 'new business plan', 'Net financial position', 'draft financial statements', 'new digital products', 'new business unit', 'media content provider', 'next three years', 'new business branch', 'substantial transformation process', 'new branch', 'business branches', 'new generations', 'new target', 'Financial Highlights', 'Net income', 'multimedia products', 'television productions', 'TV content', 'technological innovation', 'fixed assets', 'Financial Year', ""Shareholders' equity"", 'multilateral system', 'existing activities', 'transformation path', 'founding values', 'economic-financial indicators', 'Cinzia Monteverdi', 'same time', 'worldwide events', 'macroeconomic framework', 'recent years', 'web 3.0 tools', 'real relaunch', 'various forms', 'active participation', 'current community', 'auxiliary materials', 'internal works', 'individual items', 'following section', 'other incomes', 'capital gain', 'Media Company', 'sudden changes', 'following changes', 'previous year', 'challenging year', 'First name', 'various publishing', 'revenue diversification', 'Community Company', 'non-recurring amount', 'other revenues', 'production value', '2022 % revenues', 'Board', 'Directors', 'December', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'EBITDA', 'Rome', 'March', 'publisher', 'shares', 'purpose', 'compliance', 'President', 'CEO', 'complex', 'center', 'enhancement', 'establishment', 'education', 'consolidation', 'relationship', 'readers', 'opening', 'foundations', 'future', 'durability', 'edutcation', 'fact', 'elements', 'direction', 'addition', 'thousands', 'sales', 'services', 'variations', 'inventory', 'raw', 'consumables', 'supplies', 'increases', 'table', 'K/Euro', 'FY', 'inventories', 'books', 'decrease', 'reduction', 'investments', 'consideration', 'developments', 'allocation', 'contribution', 'detail', 'notes', 'difference', 'appraisal', 'September', 'liabilities', 'analysis']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,marketscreener.com
22140,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/top-5-challenges-performance-testing-low-latency-ramalinga-moorthy/,Top 5 Challenges in Performance Testing of Low Latency Electronic Trading System,A Trading system offers a sophisticated platform to trade securities. The financial institutions enable investors/traders to open  execute  close  and manage market positions in a secure way through their trading system. Most trading systems nowadays offer au…,A Trading system offers a sophisticated platform to trade securities. The financial institutions enables investors / traders to open  execute  close and manage market positions in secure way through their trading system. Most trading systems nowadays offer automated trading controls (algorithmic trades) that help investor in making right investment strategy decisions quickly considering all risk possibilities yielding best benefits. The trading system is expected to handle high trade volumes ensuring low latency throughput. Examples of popular trading system includes TradeStation  TD Ameritrade  etc.With the emergence of FIX (Financial Information Exchange) protocol standardization & exponential growth of high-speed electronic algorithmic trading systems  there is a strong focus on technology stack adopted by the trading systems to meet the ever changing needs of clients. The clients in general includes various market segments including professional clients  institutional clients & interbank clients. Even the trade execution venues face the similar technology challenge to perform quick order matching  notifying the trade to market data distributor in few milliseconds. For example  NASDAQ offers fully automated market.Performance testing of trading systems is highly important as the system behaviour needs to be validated for stress market conditions  handling high trade volumes. As the market is moving really quick  the high speed algorithmic trading system needs to get the market data  decide on the trading strategy and send the order to the venue with microseconds latency. A highly effective trading systems offers high throughput (trade volumes) and low latency. In the trading world  time is money. The latency exhibited by the system for handling the trades affects the traders experience. Hence  validating the trading system to ensure the compliance with the Performance NFRs (Non-Functional Requirements) becomes important.Performance benchmarking of the trading systems for capturing various metrics like peak order volumes handled  95% percentile latency  hardware utilization levels  system uptime  etc is essential. Performance testing also help uncover trading system provider’s readiness to handle real market issues and time taken for resolution. But performance testing of trading system comes with various challenges:Challenge 1 : End to End Integrated Performance Test EnvironmentLow latency electronic trading applications are highly complex in nature with various subsystems  interfaces  gateways  message brokers  market data appliance  third party applications  various integrations with venues  etc. Setting up the required upstream & downstream systems to bring production realistic setup is highly challenging. Validating the application performance against various exchange protocols requires exchange simulators to be built & configured in the test lab. Setting up sophisticated market data replay appliance as in production might be mandatory to meet regulatory compliance instead of using simple production feeds replay solution. Replicating the connectivity for front office  middle office & back office systems along with all interfaces & subsystems in the controlled environment replicating production environment is almost impossible. Isolated performance tests of component & subsystems are performed where entire system setup becomes challenging. Appropriate performance testing strategy needs to be devised to extrapolate the performance KPIs measured from lower environments to production capacity.Challenge 2 : Realistic Production Workload SimulationQuantitative & Qualitative simulation of realistic workload in performance test environment requires good amount of analysis of production workloads. As in any applications  production peaks for each trading application/component/ subsystems of the end to end order management system (OMS) needs to be studied thoroughly to finalize the Performance NFRs. Simulation of OMS production workload in test environment is not simple as in case of a typical web application. Beyond identifying peak order volumes & type of orders (like NewithMod/Cancel/RFQ or market / limit order)  additional integrities to be considered for each type of application / component. For example  in case of algo-trading application  parent-child order ratio  top smart order routing strategies realistic mix  etc needs to be considered which could be very different from the workload considerations of a market making application or risk validation application.Challenge 3 : Strict Compliance against Regulatory Policy RequirementsElectronic Trading systems need to strictly comply with Regulatory performance test requirements (MiFID II). The regulatory policies dictate the type of performance test to be executed (say load test  capacity test  throughput test  breakpoint test  system behavioral checks  etc) & documentation of evidence/results. In general  all the trading systems should abide by the country specific regulatory compliance requirements. The regulatory requirements should be studied and required tests needs to be carried out. For example  MiFID II performance testing requirement states “trading system should have sufficient capacity to perform their functions without systems failures  outages or errors in matching transactions at least at twice the highest number of messages per second recorded on that system  during the previous five years”. Any non-conformances like inability to test with requirement market data replay rates  etc need to be strictly documented for auditing purpose.Challenge 4 : Performance Test Tooling / FrameworkUse of open source tools like Apache JMeter or Gatling are useful for load testing APIs or web applications. Most of the market available performance testing tools are not a right fit for carrying out performance testing for order management system that uses protocols like FIX or other binary protocols like OUCH  Arrowhead  Millennium  EURONEXT  T7  etc to communicate with the exchange. Though there are few FIX load testing tools like Spirent MarketStress  FIXYL  etc available in the market  developing a inhouse performance testing framework with the capability to simulate the order flow would be beneficial. This will bring convenience in implementing custom requirements. But this requires dedicated skilled resources to build & maintain the tools. The tool not only should facilitate generating millions of different types of orders  but also should have capability to simulate the exchange behavior for sending acknowledgments & executing the orders as per the requirement (Open / Reject / Part fill / Full fill / Multi-Part fill / Multi-Full fill  etc). The tool should have the capability to report the throughput (order processing rate) & latency (round-trip & one-side) metrics. Without having sophisticated observability tools to understand the application behaviour (JVM usage  GC behavior  costly methods  etc) & infrastructure health metrics  mere performance testing is not useful. Hence  ensuring availability of right set of performance monitoring / APM tools is essential. Additional tools like Pico's Corvil would be essential while testing trading system where component level latency calculations becomes vital.Challenge 5 : Strong domain expertiseGenerally  Performance Engineers don’t necessarily need strong domain knowledge though they are expected to understand the end user usage scenarios & usage patterns to simulate realistic user behaviour. But in case of capital market domain  good domain knowledge becomes essential. Domain understanding & knowledge on e-trading systems becomes super important to device right performance test strategy & troubleshoot the issues in the order flows. For example  order structure to be used for market order versus limit order and if limit order is used  how to fetch the latest market rates for the ticker symbols used in the test suite should be known by the performance engineer. Expertise in FIX protocol is a pre-requisite for any Performance engineer to ensure right order structure (with right tags) template is used for injecting the orders into the system.These are some of the key challenges for Performance Testing of trading systems.With Agile software development becoming the de facto standard & increased DevOps adoption paving the way for weekly (or even less) software releases  carrying out performance tests integrated within the delivery pipeline is essential to benchmark & validate the trading system performance before production release.Reactive performance testing thoughts at the end of SDLC or carrying out tests for the sake for complying with regulatory requirements will not be beneficial where performance of the trading system is critical for the business win.Achieving high performance is possible only through Proactive Performance Management strategies. System performance should be made everybody’s goal where collaboration between various persona across SDLC life cycle is essential. Everyone should accept & work towards the common goal of achieving high performance trading system to enhance the client experience.Being a newbie to the capital market domain  have shared my learnings & interested in hearing from peers / experts on how have you addressed these challenges.Are you working on Performance testing / engineering validation for electronic trading applications? Having similar interests & interested in sharing your knowledge in this space ? Happy to network.,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.02,negative,0.06,0.19,0.75,True,English,"['Low Latency Electronic Trading System', 'Top 5 Challenges', 'Performance Testing', 'top smart order routing strategies', 'simple production feeds replay solution', 'Financial Information Exchange) protocol standardization', 'high-speed electronic algorithmic trading systems', 'country specific regulatory compliance requirements', 'sophisticated market data replay appliance', 'high speed algorithmic trading system', 'Low latency electronic trading applications', 'right investment strategy decisions', 'market / limit order', 'Appropriate performance testing strategy', 'Integrated Performance Test Environment', 'Regulatory performance test requirements', 'Realistic Production Workload Simulation', 'Electronic Trading systems', 'market data appliance', 'Regulatory Policy Requirements', 'quick order matching', 'parent-child order ratio', 'hardware utilization levels', 'third party applications', 'peak order volumes', 'order management system', 'various exchange protocols', 'stress market conditions', 'real market issues', 'Isolated performance tests', 'entire system setup', 'system behavioral checks', 'Most trading systems', 'effective trading systems', 'high trade volumes', 'production realistic setup', 'A Trading system', 'popular trading system', 'trading system provider', 'automated trading controls', 'low latency throughput', 'back office systems', 'typical web application', 'various market segments', 'trading application/component/ subsystems', 'risk validation application', 'OMS production workload', 'trade execution venues', 'similar technology challenge', 'regulatory requirements', 'trading strategy', 'high throughput', 'sophisticated platform', 'financial institutions', 'algorithmic trades', 'realistic workload', 'exchange simulators', 'production environment', 'Non-Functional Requirements', 'automated market', 'data distributor', 'regulatory policies', 'throughput test', 'trading world', 'realistic mix', 'workload considerations', 'downstream systems', 'production capacity', 'production workloads', 'production peaks', 'market positions', 'controlled environment', 'system behaviour', 'Performance NFRs', 'Performance benchmarking', 'system uptime', 'application performance', 'performance KPIs', 'risk possibilities', 'technology stack', 'microseconds latency', '95% percentile latency', 'test lab', 'Strict Compliance', 'load test', 'capacity test', 'breakpoint test', 'various metrics', 'various challenges', 'various integrations', 'front office', 'middle office', 'Qualitative simulation', 'various subsystems', 'secure way', 'best benefits', 'TD Ameritrade', 'exponential growth', 'strong focus', 'changing needs', 'message brokers', 'lower environments', 'good amount', 'additional integrities', 'algo-trading application', 'MiFID II', 'professional clients', 'institutional clients', 'interbank clients', 'traders experience', 'securities', 'investors', 'Examples', 'TradeStation', 'emergence', 'FIX', 'milliseconds', 'NASDAQ', 'money', 'readiness', 'resolution', 'End', 'nature', 'interfaces', 'gateways', 'upstream', 'connectivity', 'Quantitative', 'analysis', 'case', 'type', 'orders', 'New/Mod/Cancel/RFQ', 'documentation', 'evidence/results']",2023-04-03,2023-04-04,linkedin.com
22141,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.afp.com/en/news/1313/verimatrix-highlight-escalating-need-comprehensive-video-protection-and-anti-piracy-approach-2023-nab-show-202304040051281,Verimatrix To Highlight Escalating Need for Comprehensive Video Protection and Anti-Piracy Approach at 2023 NAB Show,Featured in Verimatrix booth W2421  Verimatrix Streamkeeper  alongside the company’s innovative Counterspy and other technologies  bring unmatched levels of piracy prevention  detection and threat intelligence to the video security space ,Regulatory News:Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX) (Paris:VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced it will showcase its award-winning and studio-grade Streamkeeper super bundle of digital rights management (Multi-DRM)  Counterspy  Watermarking and other content cybersecurity solutions April 16-19 at this year’s NAB Show in Las Vegas.Featured in Verimatrix booth W2421  Verimatrix Streamkeeper  alongside the company’s innovative Counterspy and other technologies  bring unmatched levels of piracy prevention  detection and threat intelligence to the video security space  positioning the company as a proven leader within the industry’s push toward more fully harnessing the capabilities of a combined content protection-cybersecurity-DRM approach.“DRM continues to deliver video protection as designed  but it’s no longer enough to fully guard against today’s modern pirates  who have evolved their attacks to industrial scale content theft from multiple entry points – meaning security must transform to a more comprehensive package of services than just a few years ago ” said Sofia Regojo  CRO at Verimatrix. “Our deep understanding of the challenges facing studios and operators positions us to powerfully address the video security needs of today and tomorrow – and that’s what we’ll be showcasing at NAB 2023. We’re also debuting a helpful best practices guide that includes up-to-date considerations for content security.”Titled  “DRM Ecosystem and Security Best Practices ” the new Verimatrix guide is available for download at www.verimatrix.com/nab.To request and schedule a meeting at the NAB Show with one of Verimatrix’s video security specialists and discuss how Verimatrix can help protect video content and its connected ecosystem  click here.For more information the 2023 NAB Show  visit www.nabshow.com.Last week it was announced that Verimatrix Streamkeeper won a bronze award in the inaugural Merit Awards for Telecom & Wireless. Honoring businesses and leaders  the Merit Awards are designed to recognize the efforts put forth by global industries and the markets they serve. Judged by journalists  executives  consultants  entrepreneurs  educators and the Merit Awards staff  the awards acknowledge companies that contributed to the continued growth of the market worldwide.About VerimatrixVerimatrix (Euronext Paris: VMX) helps power the modern connected world with security made for people. We protect digital content  applications  and devices with intuitive  people-centered and frictionless security. Leading brands turn to Verimatrix to secure everything from premium movies and live streaming sports  to sensitive financial and healthcare data  to mission-critical mobile applications. We enable the trusted connections our customers depend on to deliver compelling content and experiences to millions of consumers around the world. Verimatrix helps partners get to market faster  scale easily  protect valuable revenue streams  and win new business. Visit www.verimatrix.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230404005128/en/Verimatrix Investor Contact:Jean-François Labadie  Chief Financial Officerfinance@verimatrix.comVerimatrix Media Contact:Matthew Zintelmatthew.zintel@zintelpr.com© Business Wire  Inc.Disclaimer:This press release is not a document produced by AFP. AFP shall not bear responsibility for its content. In case you have any questions about this press release  please refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of the press release.,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.08,mixed,0.62,0.08,0.3,True,English,"['Comprehensive Video Protection', 'Escalating Need', 'Anti-Piracy Approach', '2023 NAB Show', 'Verimatrix', 'studio-grade Streamkeeper super bundle', 'helpful best practices guide', 'other content cybersecurity solutions', 'Security Best Practices', 'multiple entry points', 'live streaming sports', 'valuable revenue streams', 'Jean-François Labadie', 'digital rights management', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'content protection-cybersecurity-DRM approach', 'critical mobile applications', 'inaugural Merit Awards', 'Merit Awards staff', 'video security space', 'video security needs', 'video security specialists', 'new Verimatrix guide', 'Verimatrix Investor Contact', 'Verimatrix Media Contact', 'modern connected world', 'other technologies', 'video content', 'contact person/entity', 'digital content', 'video protection', 'connected ecosystem', 'sensitive financial', 'new business', 'content security', 'Verimatrix Streamkeeper', 'people-centered security', 'frictionless security', 'compelling content', 'Regulatory News', 'Las Vegas', 'unmatched levels', 'piracy prevention', 'threat intelligence', 'modern pirates', 'comprehensive package', 'Sofia Regojo', 'deep understanding', 'date considerations', 'bronze award', 'global industries', 'continued growth', 'intuitive, people-centered', 'Leading brands', 'premium movies', 'healthcare data', 'trusted connections', 'source version', 'Business Wire', 'press release', 'NAB Show', 'Euronext Paris', 'Verimatrix booth', 'innovative Counterspy', 'proven leader', 'DRM Ecosystem', 'Matthew Zintel', 'VMX', 'award-winning', 'Multi-DRM', 'Watermarking', 'year', 'company', 'detection', 'industry', 'push', 'capabilities', 'combined', 'today', 'attacks', 'industrial', 'theft', 'services', 'CRO', 'challenges', 'studios', 'operators', 'tomorrow', 'download', 'meeting', 'information', 'Telecom', 'Wireless', 'businesses', 'leaders', 'efforts', 'markets', 'journalists', 'executives', 'consultants', 'entrepreneurs', 'educators', 'companies', 'devices', 'everything', 'mission', 'customers', 'experiences', 'millions', 'consumers', 'partners', 'businesswire', 'Disclaimer', 'document', 'AFP', 'responsibility', 'case', 'questions', 'text']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,afp.com
22142,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.onvista.de/news/2023/04-04-azur-boutique-hotel-has-almost-doubled-its-accommodation-revenue-and-its-total-hotel-revenue-in-2022-5-26118103,Azur Boutique Hotel Has Almost Doubled Its Accommodation Revenue and Its Total Hotel Revenue in 2022,The Azur Boutique hotel succeeded higher number for the year 2022 than forecast in all hotel performance metrics such as the occupancy room nights (+13%)  the average occupancy (+14%) the ADR (+29%) with a total hotel revenue growth of +46% than forecast and +100% vs 2021.,Regulatory News:The Azur Selection (ISIN: GRS528003007 Mnemonic: MLAZR) (Paris:MLAZR)  a Greek hospitality company recently listed on the Euronext Access + market in Paris  announces that Azur Boutique Hotel  managed and operated by the Azur Selection S.A.  almost doubled its Accommodation Revenue and its Total hotel revenue in 2022 compare to 2021 and reached 2.2 million euros revenue.The Azur Boutique hotel succeeded higher number for the year 2022 than forecast in all hotel performance metrics such as the occupancy room nights (+13%)  the average occupancy (+14%) the ADR (+29%) with a total hotel revenue growth of +46% than forecast and +100% vs 2021.The Azur Boutique hotel has good growth prospects for 2023 with a 13% growth in occupancy rate at the first trimester of the year vs the first trimester of 2022 and 30% growth of the total hotel revenue for the same period.The Azur Boutique hotel is a new arrival in the heart of the Athenian Riviera in the elegant seaside suburb of Vouliagmeni. A newly built  discretely elegant  luxurious boutique hotel surrounded by pine trees. Just 200 metres from renowned golden beaches  yet easily accessible to the airport  the harbour and the Athens city centre. The property includes a swimming pool  a restaurant/bar with 40 rooms including 8 luxurious suites with private pools. This is the perfect place for business and leisure travellers in search of quality  service and unrivalled comfort  year-round. The Azur Boutique Hotel won Gold as Best Greek New City Hotel at the Greek Hospitality Awards 2020.About The Azur SelectionThe Azur Selection invests in ho The Azur Selection S.A. (MLAZR)  recently listed on the Euronext Access + market in Paris  invests in hotels and commercial real estate through a lease and sublease business model. The Azur Selection operates an investment management business through its subsidiaries and associated companies. It focuses on investing in hotels  hospitality and real estate in selected highly commercial geographical areas in Greece  the French Riviera and elsewhere.It currently manages a portfolio of commercial real estate and hotels in Athens and on the island of Mykonos while maintaining long-term leases with the companies or users of its properties. Its portfolio includes 5 hotels (3 are subleased to a hotel operator and 2 are fully managed)  as well as a shopping centre.The group is managed by experienced executives with knowledge of the Greek and international real estate market.https://www.azurselection.com/about-azurView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230404005944/en/The Azur Selection Chief Financial Officer Dimitri Chomatas dc@arvanitakisgroup.comNewCap Investor Relations Théo Martin Tél. : +33 (0)1 44 71 94 96 theazurselection@newcap.euNewCap Media relations Nicolas Merigeau Tél. : +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15 theazurselection@newcap.eu,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.72,0.28,0.0,True,English,"['Azur Boutique Hotel', 'Total Hotel Revenue', 'Accommodation Revenue', 'The Azur Selection Chief Financial Officer Dimitri Chomatas', 'Théo Martin Tél', 'The Azur Selection S.A.', 'Best Greek New City Hotel', 'Nicolas Merigeau Tél', 'Euronext Access + market', 'The Azur Boutique hotel', 'international real estate market', 'elegant, luxurious boutique hotel', 'total hotel revenue growth', 'hotel performance metrics', 'elegant seaside suburb', '2.2 million euros revenue', 'renowned golden beaches', 'commercial real estate', 'commercial geographical areas', 'Athens city centre', 'Greek hospitality company', 'occupancy room nights', 'Greek Hospitality Awards', 'sublease business model', 'investment management business', 'NewCap Investor Relations', 'NewCap Media relations', 'good growth prospects', 'hotel operator', 'new arrival', 'Accommodation Revenue', '8 luxurious suites', 'shopping centre', 'average occupancy', 'occupancy rate', 'Regulatory News', 'higher number', 'first trimester', 'same period', 'Athenian Riviera', 'pine trees', 'swimming pool', 'private pools', 'perfect place', 'leisure travellers', 'unrivalled comfort', 'French Riviera', 'long-term leases', 'experienced executives', 'source version', 'associated companies', '13% growth', '30% growth', 'Mnemonic', 'MLAZR', 'Paris', 'year', 'ADR', 'forecast', 'heart', 'Vouliagmeni', 'airport', 'harbour', 'property', 'restaurant/bar', '40 rooms', 'search', 'quality', 'service', 'hotels', 'subsidiaries', 'Greece', 'portfolio', 'island', 'Mykonos', 'users', 'properties', 'group', 'knowledge', 'azurselection', 'businesswire']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,onvista.de
22143,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/maat-pharma-monthly-information-regarding-160000936.html,MaaT Pharma: Monthly Information Regarding the Total Number of Voting Rights and Shares Comprising the Share Capital,"MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the ""Company"")  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer ","Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Financial Markets Authority (AMF - Autorité des Marchés Financiers)LYON  France  April 04  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the ""Company"")  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  today published the number of shares comprising the share capital and the total number of voting rights (Article L. 233-8 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)) on March 31  2023.Listing place: Euronext ParisISIN code: FR0012634822Website: www.maatpharma.comDate Total number of shares comprising the share capital Total number oftheoretical voting rights (1) Total number of effective voting rights (2) 03/31/2023 11 547 637 11 547 637 11 547 637(1) In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulation  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including shares whose voting rights have been suspended.(2) Effective voting rights correspond to the total number of voting rights that may be used at a General Meeting. The total number of effective voting rights is calculated without taking into account the shares with suspended voting rights.About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has launched  in March 2022  a Phase 3 clinical trial for patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice.Story continuesMaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as ""target "" ""believe "" ""expect "" ""aim "" ""intend "" ""may "" ""anticipate "" ""estimate "" ""plan "" ""project "" ""will "" ""can have "" ""likely "" ""should "" ""would "" ""could"" and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230404005603/en/ContactsMaaT Pharma – Investor RelationsHervé AFFAGARDCo-Founder and CEOSiân Crouzet  COO/ CFO+33 4 28 29 14 00invest@maat-pharma.comMaaT Pharma – Media RelationsPauline RICHAUDSenior PR & Corporate Communications Manager+33 6 14 06 45 92media@maat-pharma.comTrophic Communications – Corporate and Medical CommunicationsJacob VERGHESE orGretchen SCHWEITZER+49 151 7441 6179maat@trophic.eu",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', 'Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Share Capital', 'Information', 'Shares', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'allogeneic stem cell transplantation', 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'share capital Total number', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'French Commercial Code', 'Financial Markets Authority', 'novel disease targets', 'standardized cGMP manufacturing', 'Siân Crouzet', 'Code de commerce', 'Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'theoretical voting rights', 'effective voting rights', 'quality control process', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'AMF General Regulation', 'Phase 2 trial', 'clinical practice', 'microbiome therapies', 'ISIN code', 'Trophic Communications', 'Medical Communications', 'General Regulations', 'General Meeting', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'survival outcomes', 'Listing place', 'complete approach', 'patient-microbiome symbiosis', 'serious complication', 'powerful discovery', 'analysis platform', 'drug candidates', 'microbiome-related conditions', 'full diversity', 'oral formulations', 'world-leading scientists', 'historical fact', 'press release', 'future events', 'similar meaning', 'inherent risks', 'actual results', 'expected results', 'source version', 'Investor Relations', 'Hervé AFFAGARD', 'COO/ CFO', 'Media Relations', 'Pauline RICHAUD', 'Senior PR', 'Jacob VERGHESE', 'Gretchen SCHWEITZER', 'MaaT Pharma', 'Euronext Paris', 'acute GvHD', 'other words', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Article L.', 'LYON', 'France', 'April', 'pioneer', 'development', 'MET', 'patients', 'cancer', 'shares', 'Website', 'maatpharma', 'accordance', 'basis', 'account', 'oncology', 'graft', 'achievement', 'proof', 'concept', 'gutPrint®', 'expansion', 'pipeline', 'biomarkers', 'liquid', 'commitment', 'relationships', 'regulators', 'integration', 'use', 'Story', 'change', 'notice', 'factors', 'limitation', 'project', 'terms', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'Founder', 'CEO']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,finance.yahoo.com
22144,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.actusnews.com/en/quadpack/pr/2023/04/04/quadpack-consolidates-and-invests-in-manufacturing-to-increase-efficiency-and-capabilities-to-serve-growing-demand,Quadpack consolidates and invests in manufacturing to increase efficiency and capabilities to serve growing demand,Quadpack Industries (Euronext Growth: ALQP)  manufacturer and provider of packaging solutions to the global beauty industry  is restructuring its manufacturing footprint in response to increased market demand. Sales turnover in 2022 increased by more than ...,04/04/2023 - 17:00Quadpack Industries (Euronext Growth: ALQP)  manufacturer and provider of packaging solutions to the global beauty industry  is restructuring its manufacturing footprint in response to increased market demand. Sales turnover in 2022 increased by more than 30% compared to 2021  surpassing pre-COVID levels  with 50% of its revenue coming from products manufactured in-house.Quadpack is consolidating all plastic injection at its Kierspe site (Germany) for increased efficiency and a more streamlined service to customers. Recognised for its expertise in PET injection  the site manufactures the company's own range of plastic packaging solutions  including jars and airless systems. Further investments have been made to increase capacity and integrate decoration into the production process. The consolidation involves the closure of the operations of Quadpack Plastics in Castellbisbal  Spain  and the transfer of injection assets to the Kierspe plant.2023 will see Quadpack's manufacturing operations expand into the Americas through strategic partnerships  bringing production closer to its customers in the region for improved time to market and a lower carbon footprint. Further sales growth is expected for the year  with continued high demand for own manufacture. The company's business strategy remains focused on sustainability  performance and financial discipline.–ENDS–Contact detailsEmail: investorrelations@quadpack.comFurther informationwww.quadpack.com,neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['growing demand', 'Quadpack', 'manufacturing', 'efficiency', 'capabilities', 'global beauty industry', 'lower carbon footprint', 'plastic packaging solutions', 'Further sales growth', 'Euronext Growth', 'manufacturing footprint', 'Sales turnover', 'plastic injection', 'Further investments', 'Further information', 'pre-COVID levels', 'PET injection', 'airless systems', 'injection assets', 'Kierspe plant', 'strategic partnerships', 'high demand', 'business strategy', 'financial discipline', 'Contact details', 'market demand', 'Kierspe site', 'production process', 'manufacturing operations', 'Quadpack Industries', 'Quadpack Plastics', 'ALQP', 'manufacturer', 'provider', 'response', 'increased', 'revenue', 'products', 'house', 'Germany', 'efficiency', 'streamlined', 'service', 'customers', 'expertise', 'company', 'range', 'capacity', 'decoration', 'consolidation', 'Castellbisbal', 'Spain', 'transfer', 'Americas', 'region', 'time', 'year', 'sustainability', 'performance', 'ENDS', 'Email']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,actusnews.com
22145,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2023/04/04/9788203.htm,VEON's 2023 Notes are amended,VEON Holdings B.V. VEON’s 2023 Notes are amended. Amsterdam  Netherlands  4 April 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator tha,VEON Holdings B.V. VEON’s 2023 Notes are amended. Amsterdam  Netherlands  4 April 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator tha,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['VEON', '2023 Notes', 'VEON Holdings B.V. VEON', 'global digital operator', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '2023 Notes', 'Netherlands', '4 April', 'NASDAQ']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,tmcnet.com
22146,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,ASETEK And BEAULIEU-AV. CERT On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Tuesday's Euronext Session… https://t.co/5xhPLu1mZX,nan,ASETEK And BEAULIEU-AV. CERT On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Tuesday's Euronext Session… https://t.co/5xhPLu1mZX,negative,0.0,0.31,0.69,negative,0.0,0.31,0.69,True,English,"['Euronext Session', 'ASETEK', 'BEAULIEU-AV', 'CERT', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Tuesday', 'Euronext Session', 'ASETEK', 'BEAULIEU-AV', 'CERT', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Tuesday']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,Unknown
22147,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext wheat at one-week low  rapeseed retreats https://t.co/oVNdsd4ZgU,nan,Euronext wheat at one-week low  rapeseed retreats https://t.co/oVNdsd4ZgU,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext wheat', 'retreats', 'Euronext wheat', 'retreats']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,Unknown
22148,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@MiningRabid @BenMiklozek They are on Euronext Growth; Harmonychain for those who follow:-),nan,@MiningRabid @BenMiklozek They are on Euronext Growth; Harmonychain for those who follow:-),neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Growth', 'MiningRabid', 'BenMiklozek', 'Euronext Growth', 'MiningRabid', 'BenMiklozek']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,Unknown
22149,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,PB Holding — Bovemij reports a loss in 2022. $PBH #Euronext https://t.co/KpyBitSnwx,nan,PB Holding — Bovemij reports a loss in 2022. $PBH #Euronext https://t.co/KpyBitSnwx,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['PB Holding', 'Bovemij', 'loss', 'PBH', 'Euronext', 'KpyBitSnwx', 'PB Holding', 'Bovemij', 'loss', 'PBH', 'Euronext', 'KpyBitSnwx']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,Unknown
22150,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@ftr_investors I would imagine Euronext NV  London Stock Exchange Group and Deutsche Boerse deserve to be amongst t… https://t.co/rPB2OYyeZr,nan,@ftr_investors I would imagine Euronext NV  London Stock Exchange Group and Deutsche Boerse deserve to be amongst t… https://t.co/rPB2OYyeZr,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,True,English,"['London Stock Exchange Group', 'Euronext NV', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'Euronext NV', 'Deutsche Boerse']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,Unknown
22151,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,"#Onthisday in 2007  @NYSE merged with @euronext  to create ""a merger of equals "" run by the #Americans.#NYSE acqui… https://t.co/S0Ce1iMvYr",nan,"#Onthisday in 2007  @NYSE merged with @euronext  to create ""a merger of equals "" run by the #Americans.#NYSE acqui… https://t.co/S0Ce1iMvYr",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['merger', 'equals', 'merger', 'equals']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,Unknown
22152,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Presspage and Euronext Corporate Services have partnered to provide European issuers with an integrated investor- a… https://t.co/aOp4RAdcvY,nan,Presspage and Euronext Corporate Services have partnered to provide European issuers with an integrated investor- a… https://t.co/aOp4RAdcvY,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.02,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext Corporate Services', 'European issuers', 'integrated investor', 'Presspage', 'Euronext Corporate Services', 'European issuers', 'integrated investor', 'Presspage']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,Unknown
22153,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@long_equity What are your thoughts on Euronext NV? I’m surprised not to see it on this list.,nan,@long_equity What are your thoughts on Euronext NV? I’m surprised not to see it on this list.,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['Euronext NV', 'thoughts', 'list', 'Euronext NV', 'thoughts', 'list']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,Unknown
22154,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#BlackSea region #traders reported potential trade levels for 🇷🇴RO/🇧🇬BG 12% 🌾wheat @ ⚠️May #Euronext level  but gap… https://t.co/rA1M23EHrq,nan,#BlackSea region #traders reported potential trade levels for 🇷🇴RO/🇧🇬BG 12% 🌾wheat @ ⚠️May #Euronext level  but gap… https://t.co/rA1M23EHrq,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['potential trade levels', 'RO/🇧🇬BG', 'Euronext level', 'traders', 'gap', 'potential trade levels', 'RO/🇧🇬BG', 'Euronext level', 'traders', 'gap']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,Unknown
22155,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext 100 Index Rises By 3% In The Last 5 Sessionshttps://t.co/EWBKR4OJMg(VIANEWS) - Euronext 100 Index (^N100… https://t.co/3kYvmuDOcy,nan,Euronext 100 Index Rises By 3% In The Last 5 Sessionshttps://t.co/EWBKR4OJMg(VIANEWS) - Euronext 100 Index (^N100… https://t.co/3kYvmuDOcy,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.02,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext 100 Index', 'Last 5 Sessions', 'The', 'EWBKR4OJMg', 'VIANEWS', 'kYvmuDOcy', 'Euronext 100 Index', 'Last 5 Sessions', 'The', 'EWBKR4OJMg', 'VIANEWS', 'kYvmuDOcy']",2023-04-04,2023-04-04,Unknown
