UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
25680,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/02/2681255/0/en/CONDITIONS-FOR-RIKSBANK-AUCTIONS-GOVERNMENT-BONDS.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS,Bid procedure  2023-06-09BondsSWEDEN I/L BOND: 3104. SE0000556599. 2028-12-01SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3114  SE0013748258  2030-06-01 Bid date2023-06-09Bid......,Bid procedure  2023-06-09 Bonds SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3104. SE0000556599. 2028-12-01SWEDEN I/L BOND: 3114  SE0013748258  2030-06-01Bid date 2023-06-09 Bid times 09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Offered volume (corresponding nominal amount) 3104: 100 million SEK +/-100 million SEK3114: 150 million SEK +/-150 million SEKHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) 3104: 100 million SEK per bid3114: 150 million SEK per bidLowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 10 million per bid Expected allocation time Not later than 10.15 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Delivery and payment date 2023-06-13 Settlement amount To be paid to the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system SWIFT: VPCSSESSXXX Account: 1 4948 6383 CTM BIC: RIKSSESS ALERT acronym: RIKSBANKStockholm  2023-06-02This is a translation of the special terms and conditions published on www.riksbank.se. In the case of any inconsistency between the English translation and the Swedish language version  the Swedish language version shall prevail. Complete terms and conditions can be retrieved at www.riksbank.se.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'SWEDEN I/L BOND', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Swedish language version', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'securities settlement system', 'Bid date Delivery', 'Settlement amount', 'payment date', 'Bid procedure', 'Bid times', '100 million SEK', '150 million SEK', 'CTM BIC', 'special terms', 'Complete terms', 'VPCSSESSXXX Account', 'English translation', 'Bonds', 'allocation', 'Riksbank', 'RIKSSESS', 'acronym', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'case', 'inconsistency']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,globenewswire.com
25681,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRINITY-EXPLORATION-PRO-12595609/news/Trinity-Exploration-Production-Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-to-be-held-on-27-June-2023-44027647/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,Trinity Exploration & Production : Notice of Annual General Meeting to be held on 27 June 2023,(marketscreener.com)      Trinity Exploration & Production Plc     1      THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to what action to take  you should...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/st…,"Trinity Exploration & Production : Notice of Annual General Meeting to be held on 27 June 2023 06/02/2023 | 09:22am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Trinity Exploration & Production Plc 1 THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to what action to take  you should consult your stockbroker  solicitor  accountant or other appropriate independent professional adviser authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all your shares in the Company  please forward this document to the person through whom the sale or transfer was effected  for transmission to the purchaser or transferee. You will not have received a hard copy proxy form for the 2023 Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") in the post. You can instead submit your proxy vote electronically by accessing the shareholder portal at https:www.signalshares.com  logging in and selecting the 'Vote Online Now' link. Full details of how to vote are set out in Notes 2 and 3 in the Notes to this Notice of AGM. Please submit your proxy vote so as to reach the Company's registrar as soon as possible and in any event no later than 10.00 a.m. on 23 June 2022  or if you are a CREST member  by using the service provided by Euroclear. Completion and return of a proxy will not prevent you from attending and voting at the 2023 AGM in person  should you so wish. TRINITY EXPLORATION & PRODUCTION PLC (Incorporated under the Companies Act 2006 and registered in England and Wales with registered number 07535869) Notice of Annual General Meeting Notice is hereby given that the 2023 AGM of Trinity Exploration & Production plc (the ""Company"") will be held at the offices of Pinsent Masons LLP  30 Crown Place  Earl Street  London  EC2A 4ES on Tuesday  27 June 2023 at 10.00 a.m. for the purposes of considering and  if thought fit  passing the following Resolutions 1 to 6 as ordinary resolutions and Resolutions 7 to 9 as special resolutions: ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS Resolution 1 To receive and adopt the accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 together with the report of the Directors of the Company  the Directors' Remuneration Report and the Auditors' Report for the financial year. Resolution 2 To approve the Directors' Remuneration Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. Trinity Exploration & Production Plc Resolution 3 THAT BDO LLP be re-appointed as Auditors of the Company  to hold office from the conclusion of this AGM to the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company. Resolution 4 THAT the Directors be authorised to determine the remuneration of the Auditors. Resolution 5 THAT Jeremy Bridglalsingh be re-appointed a Director of the Company in accordance with Article 106 of the Company's Articles of Association. Resolution 6 THAT the Directors be generally and unconditionally authorised for the purposes of section 551 of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""Act"")  to exercise all of the powers of the Company to allot shares and grant rights to subscribe for  or convert any security into  shares in the Company: up to an aggregate nominal amount (within the meaning of sections 551(3) and (6) of the Act) of USD127 995.46 (such amount to be reduced by the nominal amount allotted or granted under (b) below in excess of such sum); and comprising equity securities (as defined in section 560 of the Act) up to an aggregate nominal amount (within the meaning of section 551(3) and (6) of the Act) of USD255 990.91 (such amount to be reduced by the allotments or grants made under (a) above) in connection with or pursuant to an offer or invitation by way of a rights issue in favour of: holders of ordinary shares in proportion (as nearly as practicable) to the respective number of ordinary shares held by them on the record date for such allotment; and holders of any other class of equity securities entitled to participate therein or if the Directors consider it necessary  as permitted by the rights of those securities  but subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the Directors may consider necessary or appropriate to deal with fractional entitlements  treasury shares  record dates or legal  regulatory or practical difficulties which may arise under the laws of  or the requirements of any regulatory body or stock exchange in any territory or any other matter whatsoever  provided that such authorities shall expire at the conclusion of the AGM of the Company in 2024 or on 30 June 2024 whichever is the earlier  save that the Company may before such expiry make any offer or agreement which would or might require shares to be allotted or rights to be granted after such expiry and the Directors may allot shares  or grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares  in pursuance of any such offer or agreement as if the authorities conferred by this resolution had not expired. SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS Resolution 7 THAT subject to the passing of Resolution 6 as set out in this Notice of AGM  the Directors be empowered pursuant to sections 570(1) and 573 of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""Act"") to: allot equity securities of the Company (as defined in section 560 of the Act) for cash pursuant to the authority conferred by Resolution 6 of this Notice of this AGM; and sell ordinary shares (as defined in section 560(1) of the Act) held by the Company as treasury shares for cash  in each case as if section 561 of the Act did not apply to such allotment or sale  provided that this power shall be limited to the allotment of equity securities and sale of treasury shares for cash: in connection with or pursuant to an offer of or invitation to acquire equity securities (but in the case of the authority granted under Resolution 6(b)  by way of a rights issue only) in favour of holders of ordinary shares in proportion (as nearly as practicable) to the respective number of ordinary shares held by them on the record date for such allotment (and holders of any other class of equity securities entitled to participate therein or if the Directors consider it necessary  as permitted by the rights of those securities) but subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the Directors may consider necessary or expedient to deal with fractional entitlements  record dates or legal or practical difficulties which may arise under the laws of any territory or the regulations or requirements of any regulatory authority or any stock exchange in any territory or any other matter whatsoever; and Trinity Exploration & Production Plc 3 in the case of the authorisation granted under Resolution 8(a) (or in the case of any sale of treasury shares) and otherwise than pursuant to sub-paragraph (i) of this Resolution  up to an aggregate nominal amount of USD38 398.64 The power granted by this resolution shall expire on the conclusion of the AGM of the Company in 2024 or on 30 June 2024  whichever is the earlier  save that the Company may before such expiry make any offer or agreement that would or might require equity securities to be allotted  or treasury shares to be sold  after such expiry  and the Directors may allot equity securities or sell treasury shares in pursuance of any such offer or agreement as if the power conferred by this resolution had not expired. Resolution 8 THAT the Company be and it is hereby generally and unconditionally authorised for the purposes of section 701 of the Act to make market purchases (as defined in section 693(4) of the Act) of ordinary shares of USD 0.01 each in the capital of the Company (""ordinary shares"") on such terms and in such manner as the Directors may from time to time determine provided that: the maximum aggregate number of ordinary shares which may be purchased is 3 839 864; the minimum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for each ordinary share is USD 0.01; and the maximum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for any ordinary share does not exceed the higher of: 5% above the average middle market price of the ordinary shares on AIM  a market operated by the London Stock Exchange plc ("" AIM "") for the five business days immediately preceding the date on which the Company agrees to buy the shares concerned; and the price of the last independent trade of any ordinary share and the highest independent current bid for an ordinary share on AIM at the time the purchase is carried out. In exercising this authority the Company may purchase shares using any currency  including British pounds sterling (""GBP"" or ""£"")  United States Dollars (""USD"") and Euros (""€""). This authority shall expire on the conclusion of the AGM of the Company in 2024 or on 30 June 2024  whichever is the earlier  provided that the Company may before such expiry make a contract to purchase ordinary shares which will or may be executed or completed wholly or partly after such expiry and may make a purchase of ordinary shares in pursuance of such contract as if the authority conferred by this resolution had not expired. Resolution 9 THAT  with effect from the conclusion of the 2023 AGM  the Articles of Association attached to this Notice of AGM and to be produced to the 2023 AGM and for the purposes of identification signed by the Chair of the 2023 AGM  be adopted in substitution for and to the exclusion of the existing Articles of Association of the Company. By order of the Board AMBA Secretaries Limited Company Secretary 2 June 2023 Registered Office c/o Pinsent Masons LLP 1 Park Row Leeds LS1 5AB Trinity Exploration & Production Plc NOTES: Pursuant to regulation 41 of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001  the Company specifies that in order to have the right to attend and vote at the 2023 AGM (and also for the purpose of determining how many votes a person entitled to attend and vote may cast)  a person must be entered on the register of members of the Company no later than close of business on the day that is two business days before the time for holding the 2023 AGM or any adjournment of it. Changes to entries on the register of members after this time shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend or vote at the 2023 AGM. Only holders of ordinary shares are entitled to attend and vote at the 2023 AGM.A member is entitled to appoint another person as his proxy to exercise all or any of his rights to attend  to speak and to vote at the 2023 AGM. A member may appoint more than one proxy in relation to the 2023 AGM  provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by him. A proxy need not be a member of the Company. You will not have received a hard copy proxy form for the 2023 AGM in the post. You can instead submit your proxy vote electronically by accessing the shareholder portal at https:www.signalshares.com   logging in and selecting the 'Vote Online Now' link. You will require your username and password in order to log in and vote. If you have forgotten your username or password you can request a reminder via the shareholder portal. If you have not previously registered to use the portal you will require your investor code ('IVC') which can be found on your share certificate. Proxy votes should be submitted as early as possible and in any event  no later than 48 business hours before the time for the holding of the 2023 AGM or any adjournment of it. You may request a hard copy proxy form directly from the Registrars  Link Group by emailing shareholderenquiries@linkgroup.co.uk or by post at Link Group  10th Floor  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds  LS1 4DL.To be valid any proxy form or other instrument appointing a proxy must be received by post or by hand (during normal business hours only) or at the electronic address provided in the form of the proxy by our registrar  Link Group  10th Floor  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds  LS1 4DL  no later than 48 business hours before the time for the holding of the 2023 AGM or any adjournment of it. If you are a CREST member  see note 3 below.Completion of a form of proxy  or other instrument appointing a proxy or any CREST Proxy Instruction will not preclude a member attending and voting in person at the 2023 AGM if he/she wishes to do so.Unless otherwise indicated on the Form of Proxy  CREST or any other electronic voting instruction  the proxy will vote as they think fit or  at their discretion withhold from voting. Alternatively  if you are a member of CREST  you may register the appointment of a proxy by using the CREST electronic proxy appointment service. Further details are contained below.CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the 2023 AGM and any adjournment(s) thereof by using the procedures  and to the address  described in the CREST Manual (available via www.euroclear.com ) subject to the provisions of the Company's Articles of Association. CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf.In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made using the CREST service to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a "" CREST Proxy Instruction "") must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK and International Limited's ("" Euroclear "") specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message  regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy  must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the issuer's agent (ID: RA10) by the latest time(s) for receipt of proxy appointments specified in the Notice of the 2023 AGM. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the time stamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the issuer's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. After this time any change of instructions to proxies appointed through CREST should be communicated to the appointee through other means.CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service provider(s) should note that Euroclear does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service provider(s) are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings.The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. Trinity Exploration & Production Plc 5 Any corporation which is a member can appoint one or more corporate representatives who may exercise on its behalf all of its powers as a member provided that they do not do so in relation to the same shares. Any member attending the 2023 AGM has the right to ask questions. The Company must cause to be answered any such question relating to the business being dealt with at the 2023 AGM but no such answer need be given if (a) to do so would interfere unduly with the preparation for the meeting or involve the disclosure of confidential information  (b) the answer has already been given on a website in the form of an answer to a question  or (c) it is undesirable in the interests of the Company or the good order of the meeting that the question be answered. As at 26 May 2023 (being the last practicable date prior to the publication of this Notice) the Company's issued share capital consists of 39 884 637 ordinary shares of USD 0.01 each  carrying one vote each  with 1 486 000 shares held in treasury. Therefore  the total voting rights in the Company as at that date are 38 398 637. You may not use any electronic address (within the meaning of section 333(4) of the Companies Act 2006) provided in the Notice of 2023 AGM (or in any related documents including the proxy form) to communicate with the Company for any purposes other than those expressly stated. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Trinity Exploration & Production plc published this content on 02 June 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 02 June 2023 13:21:48 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about TRINITY EXPLORATION & PRODUCTION PLC 06/02 Trinity Exploration & Production : Notice of Annual General Meeting to be held on 27 June .. PU 06/02 Trinity Exploration & Production : Our Annual Report & Accounts for Year Ended 31 December.. PU 06/01 Earnings Flash (TRIN.L) TRINITY EXPLORATION & PRODUCTION Posts FY22 Revenue $92.2M MT 06/01 Earnings Flash (TRIN.L) TRINITY EXPLORATION & PRODUCTION Posts FY22 Revenue $92.2M MT 06/01 Earnings Flash (TRIN.L) TRINITY EXPLORATION & PRODUCTION Posts FY22 EPS $0.00 MT 06/01 Tranche Update on Trinity Exploration & Production plc's Equity Buyback Plan announced .. CI 06/01 Trinity Exploration & Production plc Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended D.. CI 05/29 Trinidad and Tobago nears awards for onshore oil and gas exploration RE 05/29 Exclusive-Trinidad and Tobago nears awards for onshore oil and gas exploration RE 05/16 Trinity Exploration & Production plc Provides Drilling Update CI",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.23,0.47,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Trinity Exploration', 'Production', 'Notice', '27 June', 'other appropriate independent professional adviser', 'hard copy proxy form', 'Required fields Trinity Exploration', 'Annual General Meeting Notice', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'multiple email addresses', 'Pinsent Masons LLP', 'aggregate nominal amount', ""Directors' Remuneration Report"", 'Production Plc Resolution', 'other class', 'other arrangements', 'other matter', 'BDO LLP', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'Financial Services', 'shareholder portal', 'Full details', 'CREST member', 'registered number', '30 Crown Place', 'Earl Street', 'financial year', 'Jeremy Bridglalsingh', 'respective number', 'record date', 'fractional entitlements', 'legal, regulatory', 'practical difficulties', 'regulatory body', 'stock exchange', 'proxy vote', 'ordinary resolutions', 'special resolutions', 'equity securities', ""Auditors' Report"", 'First name', 'Markets Act', 'Companies Act', 'ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'rights issue', 'next AGM', 'RESOLUTIONS Resolution', '2023 AGM', '27 June', '22am', 'commas', 'Message', 'DOCUMENT', 'doubt', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'Company', 'person', 'sale', 'transfer', 'transmission', 'purchaser', 'post', 'signalshares', 'link', 'Notes', 'registrar', 'event', '23 June', 'Euroclear', 'Completion', 'return', 'England', 'Wales', 'offices', 'London', 'EC2A', 'Tuesday', '10.00 a', 'purposes', 'following', 'accounts', 'conclusion', 'accordance', 'Article', 'Association', 'section', 'powers', 'security', 'meaning', 'excess', 'sum', 'allotments', 'grants', 'connection', 'offer', 'invitation', 'way', 'favour', 'holders', 'proportion', 'exclusions', 'laws', 'requirements', 'territory', 'authorities', '30 June', 'expiry', 'agreement', 'pursuance', 'passing']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25682,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HEMOGENYX-PHARMACEUTICALS-24857735/news/Hemogenyx-Pharmaceuticals-THIS-DOCUMENT-IS-IMPORTANT-AND-REQUIRES-YOUR-IMMEDIATE-ATTENTION-44028165/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,Hemogenyx Pharmaceuticals : THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION,(marketscreener.com)   THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION   If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document or the action you should take  you should immediately consult your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor …,"Hemogenyx Pharmaceuticals : THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION 06/02/2023 | 10:28am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document or the action you should take  you should immediately consult your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant  or other independent financial adviser duly authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  if you are resident in the United Kingdom  or if not  another appropriately authorised independent adviser. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all of your holdings of ordinary shares of £0.01 (1 pence) each (the ""Ordinary Shares"") in the capital of Hemogenyx Pharmaceuticals plc (""Hemogenyx Pharmaceuticals"" or the ""Company"")  you should immediately forward this document together with the enclosed documents as soon as possible to the purchaser or transferee or to the bank  stockbroker or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for transmission to the purchaser or transferee. If you have sold or otherwise transferred some of your Ordinary Shares  you should contact the bank  stockbroker or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected. The Company's registered office is 6th Floor  60 Gracechurch Street  London  United Kingdom  EC3V 0HR. Tel: +44 1727 627627. The Company is incorporated and registered in England and Wales under the Companies Act 2006  with company number 08401609. HEMOGENYX PHARMACEUTICALS PLC Notice of Annual General Meeting To be held at the offices of Peterhouse Capital Limited  80 Cheapside  London EC2V 6DZ on 30 June 2023 at 2.00 p.m. BST This document should be read as a whole. Your attention is drawn to the letter from the Chairman of the Company which is set out in this document and which recommends that you vote in favour of the ordinary resolutions and special resolutions (the ""Resolutions"") to be proposed at the Annual General Meeting (""AGM""). Action to be taken by shareholders of the Company (""Shareholders"") in respect of the AGM is set out on page 3 of this document. Shareholders are asked to complete and return the enclosed Form of Proxy in accordance with the instructions printed thereon as soon as possible  but in any event so as to be received by Computershare Investor Services PLC (""Computershare"") at The Pavilions  Bridgwater Road  Bristol  BS99 6ZY or by scanning a signed copy and emailing this to #UKCSBRS.ExternalProxyQueries@computershare.co.uk not later than 2.00 p.m. BST on 28 June 2023  being 48 hours before the AGM (or in the case of any adjournment  not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the adjourned meeting (excluding any part of such 48 hour period falling on a non-working day)). Shareholders who hold Ordinary Shares in CREST may also appoint a proxy using CREST by following the instructions set out in the Form of Proxy and this document. The completion and return of the Form of Proxy (by post or email  or transmission of a proxy appointment through CREST or by any other procedure described in this document) will not prevent you from attending and voting at the AGM  if you are entitled to and wish to do so. If you have any questions about this document or the AGM  or are in any doubt as to how to complete the Form of Proxy or to submit your proxy electronically  please call Computershare between 8:30 a.m. and 5:30 p.m. Monday to Friday (except UK public holidays) on +44 (0)330 303 1185. Calls from outside the UK will be charged at the applicable international rate. Different charges may apply to calls from mobile telephones. Please note that calls may be monitored or recorded and Computershare cannot give any financial  legal or tax advice. A copy of this document will also be available on the Company's website  https://hemogenyx.com. Shareholders may access the AGM remotely  follow the business of the AGM  and subsequently view a shareholder update by Company management by webcast via a video conference call. It is important to note that Shareholders joining the AGM via the webcast will not be formally in attendance at the AGM and will not be able to vote at the AGM via the webcast. Shareholders are recommended to submit their votes ahead of the AGM by appointing the ""Chair of the AGM"" as their proxy. Further details of how to access the AGM webcast via video conference call are set out on page 6. Letter from the Chairman of Hemogenyx Pharmaceuticals plc (Registered and incorporated in England and Wales with Company number 08401609) Registered Office 6th Floor  60 Gracechurch Street London EC3V 0HR United Kingdom 2 June 2023 Dear Shareholder  I am writing to give you details of the Company's 2023 AGM which will be held at 2.00 p.m. BST on 30 June 2023 at the offices of Peterhouse Capital Limited  80 Cheapside  London EC2V 6DZ. The formal notice of AGM is set out on page 4 of this document and an explanation of the business to be considered and voted on at the AGM is set out on page 5. How to attend the AGM If you are coming to the AGM  please bring the Attendance Card portion of the Form of Proxy with you. It authenticates your right to attend  speak and vote at the AGM and will speed your admission. You may also find it useful to bring the Notice of AGM and the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts so that you can refer to them at the AGM. How to access the webcast We consider the AGM to be an important part of our shareholder engagement  and to ensure that we retain shareholder transparency we have arranged a webcast which will enable you to access the AGM remotely and follow the business of the AGM and submit questions relating to the business of the meeting. This can be done by registering for the webcast video conference call by visiting https://tinyurl.com/hemo2023. It is important to note that Shareholders joining the webcast will not be formally in attendance at the AGM and will not be able to vote at the AGM via the webcast. How to vote Your vote is important to us. The Directors have taken the decision that voting on the Resolutions at the AGM will be taken on a show of hands. The proxy results will also be displayed at the AGM. Our registrar  Computershare Investor Services PLC  must receive your online or postal proxy appointment and voting instructions by 2.00 p.m. BST on 28 June 2023 at the latest to ensure that your vote is counted. Details of how to submit a proxy are set out on pages 6 and 7 of this document. How to ask questions Shareholders wishing to raise any questions relating to the business of the AGM may do so by submitting them to the Chair by email to headquarters@ hemogenyx.com in advance of the AGM. The Company will endeavour to publish and maintain an appropriate summary of responses on its website in advance of the AGM. All Shareholders or their proxies in attendance will have the opportunity to ask questions at the AGM. Shareholders will also be permitted to submit written questions via the video conference call to the Directors during the course of the AGM. The Chair of the AGM will ensure that all such questions relating to the formal business of the AGM are addressed during the AGM  unless no response is required to be provided under the Companies Act or the provision of a response would  at the Chair's discretion  otherwise be undesirable in the interests of the Company or the good order of the AGM. Shareholders will also be permitted to submit written questions via the video conference call to the Directors during the course of the AGM. The Chair of the AGM will ensure that all such questions relating to the formal business of the AGM are addressed during the AGM  unless no response is required to be provided under the Companies Act or the provision of a response would  at the Chair's discretion  otherwise be undesirable in the interests of the Company or the good order of the AGM. Business of the AGM The business we will discuss at the AGM is made up of resolutions that are regularly brought to Shareholders. The formal notice of AGM and the Resolutions to be proposed at the AGM are set out on page 4 of this document. The following is a brief summary of the items of business: Resolution 1 relates to the receipt and adoption of the Company's annual accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 together with the directors' reports and auditor's report (the ""2022 Annual Report and Accounts"") on those accounts;Resolution 2 relates to the approval of the Directors' Remuneration Report which is set out in the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts;Resolution 3 relates to the re-appointment as director of Peter Redmond  as set out in the Articles of Association of the Company;re-appointment as director of Peter Redmond  as set out in the Articles of Association of the Company; Resolution 4 relates to the re-appointment as director of Alexis Sandler  as set out in the Articles of Association of the Company;re-appointment as director of Alexis Sandler  as set out in the Articles of Association of the Company; Resolution 5 relates to the re-appointment as director of Dr Vladislav Sandler  as set out in the Articles of Association of the Company;re-appointment as director of Dr Vladislav Sandler  as set out in the Articles of Association of the Company; Resolution 6 relates to the re-appointment of the auditors;re-appointment of the auditors; Resolution 7 authorises the Audit Committee to agree the auditor's remuneration;Resolution 8 relates to the Directors' authority to allot shares;Resolution 9 relates to the disapplication of pre-emption rights;pre-emption rights; Resolution 10 relates to the Directors' authority to call a general meeting (other than an annual general meeting) of the Company on a reduced notice period. 2 Action to be taken Please check that you have received the following: a Form of Proxy for use in respect of the AGM on 30 June 2023; anda pre-paid envelope for use in the UK only for the return of the Form of Proxy. If you have not received all of these documents  please contact the Shareholder Helpline operated by Computershare between 8:30 a.m. and 5:30 p.m. Monday to Friday (except UK public holidays) on +44 (0)330 303 1185. Calls from outside the UK will be charged at the applicable international rate. Different charges may apply to calls from mobile telephones. Please note that calls may be monitored or recorded  and Computershare cannot provide advice on the merits of the Resolutions or give any financial  legal or tax advice. Shareholders are required to cast or amend proxy voting instructions in respect of the AGM not later than 48 hours before the AGM (or in the case of any adjournment  not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the adjourned meeting (excluding any part of such 48 hour period falling on a non-working day)). Shareholders are entitled to appoint a proxy in respect of some or all of their Ordinary Shares and may also appoint more than one proxy  provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such holder. Shareholders who wish to appoint more than one proxy in respect of their holding of Ordinary Shares should contact Computershare for further Forms of Proxy or photocopy the Form of Proxy as required. Sending the Form of Proxy by post or by email Please complete and sign the Form of Proxy in accordance with the instructions printed thereon and return the Form of Proxy to Computershare  the Company's registrar  either (i) by post to Computershare Investor Services PLC  The Pavilions  Bridgwater Road  Bristol  BS99 6ZY  or (ii) by emailing a scanned copy to #UKCSBRS. ExternalProxyQueries@computershare.co.uk  so as to be received as soon as possible and in any event not later than at 2.00 p.m. BST on 28 June 2023  being 48 hours before the AGM (or in the case of any adjournment  not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the adjourned meeting (excluding any part of such 48 hour period falling on a non-working day)). The completion and return of the Form of Proxy by post or email (or transmission of a proxy appointment through CREST or by any other procedure described in this document) will not prevent you from attending and voting at the AGM  if you are entitled to and wish to do so and provided that measures restricting gatherings have been removed by the time of the AGM (as detailed in this letter). If the Form of Proxy is not lodged by the relevant time  it will be invalid. Appointment of proxies through CREST CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the meeting and any adjournment(s) of it by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual (available from https://www.euroclear.com/site/public/ EUI). CREST Personal Members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. In order for a proxy appointment made by means of CREST to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a CREST Proxy Instruction) must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited's (EUI) specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message must be transmitted so as to be received by Computershare (ID: 3RA50) by no later than 2.00 p.m. BST on 28 June 2023. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which Computershare is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers should note that EUI does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. Recommendation The formal notice of AGM is set out on page 4 of this document and an explanation of each of the Resolutions to be considered at the AGM may be found on page 5 of this document. The Directors believe that the passing of the Resolutions is in the best interests of the Company and the Shareholders taken as a whole. The Directors unanimously recommend that Shareholders vote  or procure their vote  in favour of the Resolutions as they intend to do in respect of their own beneficial holdings of Ordinary Shares  amounting in aggregate to 122 231 632 Ordinary Shares representing approximately 10.7 per cent. of the voting rights of the current issued Ordinary Share capital of the Company. Thank you for your ongoing support of the Company. Yours faithfully Professor Sir Marc Feldmann Chairman 3 HEMOGENYX PHARMACEUTICALS PLC (the ""Company"") (Registered and incorporated in England and Wales with Company number 08401609) NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual General Meeting (the ""AGM"") of the Company will be held at the offices of Peterhouse Capital Limited  80 Cheapside  London EC2V 6DZ on 30 June 2022 at 2.00 p.m. to consider and if thought fit  pass the following resolutions. Resolutions 1 to 8 will be proposed as ordinary resolutions and resolutions 9 and 10 will be proposed as special resolutions. Ordinary resolutions Annual Report and Accounts 1. To receive and adopt the Company's annual accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 together with the directors' reports and auditor's report on those accounts (the ""2022 Annual Report and Accounts""). Directors' Remuneration Report 2. To approve the Directors' Remuneration Report (other than the Remuneration Policy) as set out in the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts  for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. Re-appointment of Directors To re-appoint as Director Peter Redmond  who retires by rotation under the Articles of Association of the Company and  being eligible  offers himself for re-election. To re-appoint as Director Alexis Sandler  who retires by rotation under the Articles of Association of the Company and  being eligible  offers herself for re-election. To re-appoint as Director Dr Vladislav Sandler  who retires by rotation under the Articles of Association of the Company and  being eligible  offers himself for re-election. External auditor's reappointment and remuneration To reappoint PKF Littlejohn LLP as the Company's auditor until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company. To authorise the Audit Committee to determine the level of the auditor's remuneration. Directors' authority to allot shares 8. To authorise the board of directors (the ""Board"" or the ""Directors"")  generally and unconditionally for the purpose of section 551 of the U.K. Companies Act 2006 (the ""Companies Act"") to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot shares in the Company or to grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares in the Company (""Rights"") up to £2 283 998.64 in nominal value of ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the capital of the Company provided that this authority shall  unless renewed  varied or revoked by the Company  expire at the earlier of the date falling 15 months from the date of the passing of this Resolution or the conclusion of the Company's next annual general meeting  save that the Company may  before such expiry  make an offer or agreement which would or might require shares to be allotted and the Directors may allot shares in pursuance of such offer or agreement notwithstanding that the authority conferred by this Resolution has expired. All previous authorities conferred upon the Directors to allot shares in the Company or to grant Rights are revoked subject to any allotment  offer or agreement which would or might require equity securities or other securities to be allotted after the expiry of such period already made pursuant thereto and without prejudice to any allotment of the shares or grant of Rights already made  offered or agreed to be made pursuant to such authorities. Special resolutions Disapplication of pre-emption rights 9. To authorise the Directors  subject to the passing of Resolution 5  and in accordance with the power conferred on the Directors by the Company's articles of association  to allot equity securities (as defined in the Companies Act) for cash under the authority given by that Resolution and/or to sell ordinary shares held by the Company as treasury shares for cash as if section 561 of the Companies Act did not apply to any such allotment or sale  provided that such authority shall be limited to: the allotment of equity securities in connection with an offer or issue of equity securities to or in favour of (i) holders of ordinary shares in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings and (ii) holders of other equity securities if this is required by the rights of those securities or  if the Directors consider it necessary  as permitted by the rights of those securities; and the allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares (otherwise than pursuant to Resolution 8.1 above) up to an aggregate nominal amount of £2 283 998.64 in each case  including any arrangements in connection with any issue of equity securities as they deem necessary or expedient (a) to deal with equity securities representing fractional entitlements  (b) to deal with legal or practical problems in the laws of any territory  or (c) the requirements of any regulatory body  on the basis that this authority shall apply until (unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company at a general meeting) the earlier of the date falling 15 months from the date of the passing of this Resolution or the conclusion of the Company's next annual general meeting  save that the Company shall be entitled to make an offer or agreement which would or might require equity securities to be allotted or treasury shares to be sold pursuant to Resolutions 6(a) and 6(b) before the expiry of its power to do so  and the Directors shall be entitled to issue or sell from treasury the equity securities pursuant to any such offer or agreement after that expiry date. Notice of meetings other than AGMs 10. That a general meeting other than an Annual General Meeting may be called on not less than 14 clear days' notice during the period from the date of the passing of this resolution 10 until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company. BY ORDER OF THE BOARD 6th Floor  Dr Vladislav Sandler 60 Gracechurch Street  Director & CEO London  United Kingdom  2 June 2023 EC3V 0HR 4 EXPLANATORY NOTES TO THE RESOLUTIONS References to page numbers in the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 are to the signed version of the report published on the Company's website and uploaded to the National Storage Mechanism on 28 April 2023. These page numbers may differ from the printed version of the Annual Report accompanying this notice. RESOLUTION 1 - ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS The Directors are required to present to the AGM the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. RESOLUTION 2 - DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION REPORT In accordance with section 439 of the Companies Act  Shareholders are requested to approve the Directors' Remuneration Report. The Directors' Remuneration Report is set out on pages 29 to 34 of the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts. The vote is advisory only and does not affect the actual remuneration paid to an individual director. RESOLUTIONS 3-5 - RE-APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS In accordance with Article 75 of the Company's Articles of Association  Peter Redmond  Alexis Sandler and Dr Vladislav Sandler each retire by rotation and  being eligible  offer themselves up for re-appointment as Directors of the Company. RESOLUTIONS 6 AND 7 - EXTERNAL AUDITOR'S REAPPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION The auditor is appointed at every general meeting at which accounts are presented to Shareholders. The current appointment of PKF Littlejohn LLP as the Company's auditor will end at the conclusion of the AGM and it has advised of its willingness to stand for reappointment. In accordance with the provisions of the Code of Corporate Governance published by the Financial Reporting Council in 2018  it is recommended best practice for the Audit Committee to be authorised to agree how much the auditor should be paid and Resolution 7 grants this authority to the Audit Committee. RESOLUTION 8 - ALLOTMENT OF SHARE CAPITAL Resolution 8 grants the Directors general authority to allot ordinary shares in the capital of the Company or to grant rights to subscribe for  or to convert any security into  such shares in the Company up to an aggregate nominal amount of £2 283 998.64  being 20% of the Company's current issued share capital. Resolutions 1 to 8 will be proposed as ordinary resolutions and require that more than half of the votes cast must be in favour of a resolution for it to be passed. RESOLUTION 9 - DISAPPLICATION OF PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS Section 561(1) of the Companies Act requires that on an allotment of new shares for cash  such shares must first be offered to existing Shareholders in proportion to the number of shares that they each hold at that time. The Directors believe that there may be circumstances when it is in the best interests of the Company to allot new ordinary shares either on an entirely non-pre-emptive basis or in a way that departs from the statutory requirements set out in the Companies Act. Resolution 6 grants the Directors general authority to allot shares or grant rights over shares for cash and otherwise than to existing shareholders pro rata to their holdings. The authority will be limited to shares of a maximum aggregate nominal value of £2 283 998.64  being 20% of the issued ordinary share capital. This authority  if given  will expire (unless previously revoked or varied by the Company in general meeting) at the earlier of the conclusion of the next annual general meeting in 2024 or on the date which is 15 months after the relevant resolution is passed. RESOLUTION 10 - NOTICE OF MEETINGS OTHER THAN ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGS The Directors wish to obtain the flexibility and benefit from the ability to call general meetings on 14 clear days' notice and this Resolution  which is proposed as a special resolution  seeks authority from Shareholders for this flexibility. Such approval will not affect annual general meetings  which will continue to be held on at least 21 clear days' notice. In the event that this authority is to be exercised  the Directors will ensure that it is not used as a matter of routine  but only where the flexibility is merited by the business of the meeting and is thought to be to the advantage of Shareholders as a whole. The Company intends to meet the requirements for a means of electronic voting to be made available to all Shareholders before calling a meeting on 14 clear days' notice. The approval will be effective until the Company's next annual general meeting  when it is intended that a similar resolution will be proposed. Resolutions 9 and 10 will be proposed as special resolutions and require that at least three quarters of the votes cast must be in favour of a resolution for it to be passed. 5 Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Hemogenyx Pharmaceuticals plc published this content on 31 May 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 02 June 2023 14:27:01 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about HEMOGENYX PHARMACEUTICALS PLC 06/02 Hemogenyx Pharmaceuticals : This document is important and requires your immediate attenti.. PU 06/02 Hemogenyx announces clinical hold for Hemo-Car-T treatment AN 06/02 Hemogenyx Pharmaceuticals Shares Fall After FDA Puts Leukemia Treatment Application on .. DJ 06/02 Hemogenyx Pharmaceuticals plc Announces Clinical Hold on IND for HEMO-CAR-T CI 05/24 Hemogenyx Pharmaceuticals : Proxy Form (2023 AGM) PU 05/09 Hemogenyx submits FDA application for Hemo-Car-T treatment AN 05/09 Hemogenyx Pharmaceuticals Plc Announces Submission of IND for HEMO-CAR-T CI 04/28 DP Aircraft profit swing  Chesterfield loss widens AN 04/28 Earnings Flash (HEMO.L) HEMOGENYX PHARMACEUTICALS Reports FY22 Loss GBP-0.01 MT 04/28 Hemogenyx Pharmaceuticals Plc Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December.. CI",neutral,0.05,0.93,0.01,negative,0.04,0.42,0.54,True,English,"['Hemogenyx Pharmaceuticals', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'DOCUMENT', 'Computershare Investor Services PLC', 'HEMOGENYX PHARMACEUTICALS PLC Notice', 'other independent financial adviser', '60 Gracechurch Street London EC3V', 'applicable international rate', 'video conference call', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Peterhouse Capital Limited', 'multiple email addresses', 'UK public holidays', 'London EC2V 6DZ', 'Office 6th Floor', 'independent adviser', 'Financial Services', 'formal notice', 'financial, legal', 'other agent', 'registered office', 'other procedure', 'Markets Act', 'United Kingdom', 'ordinary shares', 'Companies Act', 'Bridgwater Road', '48 hour period', 'working day', 'Different charges', 'mobile telephones', 'tax advice', 'shareholder update', 'Dear Shareholder', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'ordinary resolutions', 'special resolutions', 'The Pavilions', 'First name', 'Further details', 'company number', 'Company management', 'bank manager', 'proxy appointment', 'The Company', 'AGM webcast', '2023 AGM', 'DOCUMENT', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'doubt', 'contents', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'holdings', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'transmission', 'England', 'Wales', 'offices', '80 Cheapside', '30 June', 'letter', 'Chairman', 'favour', 'shareholders', 'respect', 'page', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'event', 'Bristol', 'BS99', 'signed', 'copy', 'ExternalProxyQueries', '28 June', 'case', 'adjournment', 'time', 'part', 'CREST', 'completion', 'return', 'post', 'questions', 'Monday', 'Friday', 'Calls', 'website', 'business', 'attendance', 'votes', 'explanation', '44', '2.00', '8:30', '5:30', '330']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25683,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INSPIRATION-HEALTHCARE-GR-22619506/news/Inspiration-Healthcare-Notice-of-AGM-2023-44020870/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,Inspiration Healthcare : Notice of AGM 2023,(marketscreener.com)   NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING   THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document or as to what action you should take  you are recommended to seek your…,"Inspiration Healthcare : Notice of AGM 2023 06/02/2023 | 02:03am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document or as to what action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own personal financial advice from your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent financial adviser authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended  if you are resident in the United Kingdom  or if you are taking advice in another jurisdiction  from an appropriately authorised independent professional adviser. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all of your Ordinary Shares in Inspiration Healthcare Group plc you should deliver this document and any accompanying documents as soon as possible to the purchaser or transferee or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for onward transmission to the purchaser or transferee. However  this document and any accompanying documents should not be sent or transmitted in  or into  any jurisdiction where to do so might constitute a violation of local securities law or regulations. If you have sold or otherwise transferred only part of your holding of your Ordinary Shares  please consult the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected. Inspiration Healthcare Group plc (Incorporated and registered in England and Wales with registered number 03587944) Notice of Annual General Meeting This document should be read as a whole. Notice of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held at Unit 7/8 Commerce Park  Commerce Way  Croydon  CR0 4YL at 11:30am (UK time) on 27 June 2023 is set out in this document. You will not automatically receive a hard copy form of proxy for the 2023 AGM in the post. Details of how to appoint a proxy electronically or to request  and complete  a hard copy form of proxy are set out in note 1 of this document. All proxy instructions must be received by the Registrars by no later than 11:30am on 23 June 2023. You are encouraged to return your proxy forms as early as possible prior to the meeting. Voting at the AGM will be conducted by way of a poll rather than on a show of hands. The Board believes a poll is more representative of shareholders' voting intentions because shareholders' votes are counted according to the number of shares held and all votes tendered are taken into account. Notice is given that the annual general meeting of Inspiration Healthcare Group plc (""the Company"") will be held Unit 7/8 Commerce Park  Commerce Way  Croydon  CR0 4YL at 11:30am (UK time) on 27 June 2023 for the following purposes: ORDINARY BUSINESS To consider and  if thought fit  pass the following resolutions  which will be proposed as ordinary resolutions: To receive and adopt the financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31 January 2023 together with the Directors' and auditors' reports on those financial statements. To approve the Remuneration Report for the financial year ended 31 January 2023. To re-elect Mark Abrahams as a Director of the Company. To re-elect Neil Campbell as a Director of the Company. To re-elect Brook Nolson as a Director of the Company. To re-elect Bob Beveridge as a Director of the Company. To re-elect Liz Shanahan as a Director of the Company. To reappoint BDO LLP as auditors of the Company to hold office from the conclusion of this meeting to the conclusion of the next meeting at which the accounts are laid before the Company at a remuneration to be determined by the Directors. To declare a final dividend upon the recommendation of the Directors for the financial year ended 31 January 2023 of 0.41p per ordinary share payable on 28 July 2023 to shareholders on the register at the close of business on 30 June 2023. SPECIAL BUSINESS To consider and  if thought fit  pass the following resolutions  of which resolution 10 will be proposed as an ordinary resolution and resolutions 11 and 12 will be proposed as special resolutions: That the Directors be generally and unconditionally authorised in accordance with Section 551 of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""Act"")  in substitution for all existing authorities to the extent unused  to exercise all powers of the Company to allot shares in the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for  or to convert any security into  shares in the Company up to an aggregate nominal amount of £2 274 494  provided that this authority shall  unless renewed  varied or revoked by the Company  expire at the conclusion of the next annual general meeting or  if earlier  27 June 2024  save that the Company may  before such expiry  make an offer or agreement which would or might require shares to be allotted or rights to be granted after such expiry and the Directors may allot shares or grant rights in pursuance of such offer or agreement as if the authority conferred by this resolution had not expired. That  subject to the passing of resolution 10 above  the Board of Directors of the Company be empowered pursuant to section 570 of the Act to allot equity securities (as defined in section 560 of the Act) for cash pursuant to the general authority conferred by resolution 10 as set out in this Notice of Annual General Meeting  as if section 561 of the Act did not apply to such allotment  provided that this power shall be limited to the allotment of equity securities up to an aggregate nominal amount of £682 348 (being ten per cent. of the issued share capital of the Company). Such power shall  unless renewed  varied or revoked by the Company  expire at such time as the general authority conferred on the Directors by resolution 10 above expires  save that the Company may before such expiry make an offer or agreement which would or might require equity securities to be allotted after such expiry  and the Board may allot equity securities in pursuance of such an offer or agreement as if the power conferred by this resolution had not expired. 12. That the Company be generally and unconditionally authorised pursuant to Article 8(A) of the articles of association of the Company and section 701 of the Act to make market purchases (within the meaning of section 693(4) of the Act) of ordinary shares provided that: the maximum aggregate number of ordinary shares hereby authorised to be purchased is 10 235 220  representing 15% of the Company's issued ordinary share capital at the date of this notice; the minimum price  exclusive of any expenses  which may be paid for an ordinary share is £0.10; the maximum price  exclusive of any expenses  which may be paid for any such share is an amount equal to 105% of the average of the closing middle market quotations for an ordinary share taken from the London Stock Exchange AIM All-Share List for the five business days immediately preceding the date on which the purchase is made; and unless renewed  varied or revoked by the Company  the authority hereby conferred shall expire at the conclusion of the next annual general meeting or  if earlier  27 June 2024. The Company may make a contract for the purchase of ordinary shares under this authority before the expiry of this authority which would or might be executed wholly or partly after the expiry of such authority and may make purchases of ordinary shares in pursuance of such a contract as if such authority had not expired. BY ORDER OF THE BOARD Company Secretary: Charlie Strickland Date: 2nd June 2023 Registered office: Unit 2  Satellite Business Village  Crawley  West Sussex RH10 9NE NOTES TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 1. A member entitled to attend and vote at the 2023 annual general meeting (""AGM"") may appoint one or more proxies (who need not be a member of the Company) to attend and to speak and to vote on his or her behalf whether by show of hands or on a poll. A member can appoint more than one proxy in relation to the meeting  provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attaching to different shares held by him. In order to be valid an appointment of proxy (together with any authority under which it is executed or a copy of the authority certified notarially) must be returned by one of the following methods: online at www.signalshares.com (the ""Website"") by following the on-screen instructions  in particular at the ""Proxy Voting"" link. In order to appoint a proxy using the Website  members will need to log into their Signal Shares account  or register if they have not previously done so. To register members will need to identify themselves with their Investor Code which is detailed on their share certificate or available from the Registrars  Link Group  on Tel: 0371 664 0300. Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open between 09:00 - 17:30  Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales; oron-screen instructions  in particular at the ""Proxy Voting"" link. In order to appoint a proxy using the Website  members will need to log into their Signal Shares account  or register if they have not previously done so. To register members will need to identify themselves with their Investor Code which is detailed on their share certificate or available from the Registrars  Link Group  on Tel: 0371 664 0300. Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open between 09:00 - 17:30  Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales; or you may request a hard form of proxy directly from the registrars  Link Group  on 0371 664 0300. Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open between 09:00 - 17:30  Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales. In order for a proxy appointment to be valid a form of proxy must be completed and sent to PXS 1  Link Group  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds  LS1 4DL; orin the case of CREST members  by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service in accordance with the procedures set out belowif you are an institutional investor you may also be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform and in each case must be received by the Company by no later than 11:30am on 23 June 2023 (or not less than 48 hours before the time of any adjourned meeting). CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the AGM and any adjournment thereof by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual. CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s) should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take that appropriate action on their behalf.In order for a proxy appointment  or instruction  made by means of CREST to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a CREST Proxy Instruction) must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & International Limited's (EUI) specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message regardless of whether it relates to the appointment of a proxy or to an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the issuer's agent (ID RA10) by the latest time(s) for receipt of proxy appointments specified in the Notice of Meeting. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the issuer's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST.CREST members and where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers should note that EUI does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy instructions. It is therefore the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed voting service provider(s))  to procure that his or her CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST Sponsors or voting service providers are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. If you are an institutional investor you may also be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform  a process which has been agreed by the Company and approved by the Registrar. For further information regarding Proxymity  please go to www.proxymity.io. Your proxy must be lodged by 11:30am on 23 June 2023 in order to be considered valid or  if the meeting is adjourned  by the time which is 48 hours before the time of the adjourned meeting. Before you can appoint a proxy via this process you will need to have agreed to Proxymity's associated terms and conditions. It is important that you read these carefully as you will be bound by them and they will govern the electronic appointment of your proxy. An electronic proxy appointment via the Proxymity platform may be revoked completely by sending an authenticated message via the platform instructing the removal of your proxy vote. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5) of the UncertifiedSecurities Regulations 2001. Unless otherwise indicated on the Form of Proxy  CREST  Proxymity or any other electronic voting instruction  the proxy will vote as they think fit or  at their discretion withhold from voting. To be entitled to vote by proxy at the AGM (and for the purpose of the determination by the Company of the votes they may cast) Shareholders must be registered in the Register of Members of the Company at 6:00 pm (UK time) on 23 June 2023 or  in the event of any adjournment  at 6:00 pm (not including non-working days) before the time of the adjourned meeting.Changes to the register of members after the relevant deadline shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to vote at the meeting. Link Group  the company's registrar  has launched a shareholder app: LinkVote+. It's free to download and use and gives shareholders the ability to access their records at any time. The app also allows users to submit a proxy appointment quickly and easily online rather than through the post. The app is available to download on the Apple App Store and Google Play Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Inspiration Healthcare Group plc published this content on 02 June 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 02 June 2023 06:02:01 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about INSPIRATION HEALTHCARE GROUP PLC 06/02 Inspiration Healthcare : Notice of AGM 2023 PU 05/30 Inspiration Healthcare : Annual Report 2023 PU 05/11 Inspiration Healthcare : Investor Presentation 2023 PU 05/10 Inspiration Healthcare : Interim Report 2023 PU 05/03 FTSE 100 Ends Wednesday Up Ahead of Central Bank Meetings DJ 05/03 EARNINGS UPDATES: Smiths News and Andrews Sykes profit rise AN 05/03 Sterling Investment-Grade Bonds Outperform High-Yield Counterparts in Apr.. DJ 05/03 Earnings Flash (IHC.L) INSPIRATION HEALTHCARE GROUP Posts FY23 Revenue GBP41.2M MT 05/03 Earnings Flash (IHC.L) INSPIRATION HEALTHCARE GROUP Posts FY23 EPS GBX0.39 MT 05/03 Inspiration Healthcare Group plc Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended Janua.. CI",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,negative,0.0,0.17,0.83,True,English,"['Inspiration Healthcare', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'Inspiration Healthcare Group plc', 'Unit 7/8 Commerce Park', 'other independent financial adviser', 'next annual general meeting', 'independent professional adviser', 'multiple email addresses', 'local securities law', 'hard copy form', 'aggregate nominal amount', 'personal financial advice', ""shareholders' voting intentions"", 'next meeting', 'Commerce Way', 'other agent', 'Financial Services', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'United Kingdom', 'accompanying documents', 'UK time', 'following purposes', 'Mark Abrahams', 'Neil Campbell', 'Brook Nolson', 'Bob Beveridge', 'Liz Shanahan', 'BDO LLP', 'final dividend', 'ordinary share', 'existing authorities', 'following resolutions', 'ordinary resolutions', 'special resolutions', 'Markets Act', 'Companies Act', 'First name', 'registered number', ""shareholders' votes"", ""auditors' reports"", 'Remuneration Report', 'proxy instructions', 'proxy forms', 'bank manager', 'SPECIAL BUSINESS', 'shares', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'doubt', 'contents', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'jurisdiction', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'transmission', 'violation', 'regulations', 'part', 'holding', 'England', 'Wales', 'Croydon', 'CR0', '11:30am', '27 June', 'post', 'Details', 'note', 'Registrars', '23 June', 'poll', 'show', 'hands', 'Board', 'Director', 'office', 'conclusion', 'accounts', 'recommendation', '28 July', 'close', '30 June', 'accordance', 'Section', 'substitution', 'extent', 'powers', 'rights', 'security', 'authority', 'expiry', 'offer', 'agreement', 'pursuance', '0.']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25684,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/depository.asp,Depository: Definition  Meaning  Types  and Examples,A depository is a facility such as a building  office  or warehouse in which something is deposited for storage or safeguarding. Learn more about how they work.,What Is a Depository?The term depository can refer to a facility in which something is deposited for storage or safeguarding  or an institution that accepts currency deposits from customers  such as a bank or a savings association. A depository also can be an organization  bank  or institution that holds securities and assists in the trading of securities. Deposits placed in a depository must be returned in the same condition upon request.Depositories provide security and liquidity in the market. They use money deposited for safekeeping to lend to others  they invest in other securities  and they provide a funds transfer system.Key Takeaways A depository can be a facility or institution  such as a building  office  or warehouse  where something is deposited for storage or safeguarding.Depositories also may be organizations  banks  or institutions that hold currency or securities and assist in the trading of securities.They provide security  liquidity  and a means of transferring funds.Understanding DepositoriesDepositories are buildings  offices  and warehouses that allow consumers and businesses to deposit money  securities  and other valuable assets for safekeeping. Depositories may include banks  safehouses  vaults  financial institutions  and other organizations.Depositories serve multiple purposes for the general public. First  they eliminate the owner's risk of holding physical assets by providing a safe place to store them. For instance  banks and other financial institutions give consumers a place to deposit their money by offering time deposit and demand deposit accounts.A time deposit is an interest-bearing account with a specific date of maturity  such as a certificate of deposit (CD). A demand deposit account holds funds until they need to be withdrawn  such as with a checking or savings account.Deposits can also be securities  such as stocks or bonds. When these assets are deposited  the institution holds the securities  either in electronic form  also known as book-entry form  or in paper form  such as a physical stock certificate.Depository organizations also help create liquidity in the market. Customers give their money to a financial institution; the company holds it for a time and returns it when the customer wants it back. These institutions accept customers' money and pay interest on their deposits over time. While holding the customers' money  the institutions lend it to others in the form of mortgage or business loans  generating more interest on the money loaned than the interest they paid to customers.1:39 Watch Now: What Is a Depository?Example of a DepositoryEuroclear is a clearinghouse that acts as a central securities depository for its clients  many of whom trade on European exchanges. Most of its clients are banks  broker-dealers  and other institutions professionally engaged in managing new issues of securities  market-making  trading  or holding a wide variety of securities.Euroclear settles domestic and international securities transactions  covering bonds  equities  derivatives  and investment funds. Domestic securities from more than 40 markets are accepted in the system  covering a broad range of internationally traded fixed- and floating-rate debt instruments  convertibles  warrants  and equities. This includes domestic debt instruments  short- and medium-term instruments  equities and equity-linked instruments  and international bonds from the major markets of Europe  Asia-Pacific  Africa and the Americas.Special ConsiderationsTransferring the ownership of shares from one investor's account to another account when a trade is executed is one of the primary functions of a depository. This helps reduce the paperwork for executing a trade and speeds up the transfer process.Another function of a depository is the elimination of the risk of holding the securities in physical form. These risks can include theft  loss  fraud  damage  or delay in deliveries.An investor who wants to purchase precious metals can purchase them in physical bullion or paper form. Gold or silver bars or coins can be purchased from a dealer and kept with a third-party depository. Investing in gold through futures contracts is not equivalent to the investor owning gold. Instead  gold is owed to the investor.A trader or hedger looking to take actual delivery on a futures contract must first establish a long (buy) futures position and wait until a short (seller) tenders a notice to delivery. With gold futures contracts  the seller is committing to deliver the gold to the buyer at the contract expiry date. The seller must have the metal—in this case  gold—in an approved depository. This is represented by holding COMEX-approved electronic depository warrants  which are required to make or take delivery.Types of DepositoriesThe three main types of depository institutions are credit unions  savings institutions  and commercial banks. The main source of funding for these institutions is through deposits from customers. Customer deposits and accounts are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to certain limits.A depository's institutional function or type determines which agency or agencies are responsible for its oversight.Credit unions are nonprofit companies highly focused on customer services. Customers make deposits into a credit union account  which is similar to buying shares in that credit union. Credit union earnings are distributed in the form of dividends to every customer.Savings institutions are for-profit companies also known as savings and loan institutions. These institutions focus primarily on consumer mortgage lending but may also offer credit cards and commercial loans. Customers deposit money into an account  which buys shares in the company. For example  a savings institution may approve 71 000 mortgage loans  714 real estate loans  340 000 credit cards  and 252 000 auto and personal consumer loans while earning interest on all these products during a single fiscal year.Commercial banks are for-profit companies and are the largest type of depository institutions. These banks offer a range of services to consumers and businesses such as savings accounts  consumer and commercial loans  credit cards  and investment products. These institutions accept deposits and primarily use the deposits to offer mortgage loans  commercial loans  and real estate loans.Depository vs. RepositoryA depository is not the same thing as a repository  although they can often be confused.A repository is where things are kept for safekeeping. But unlike a depository  the items kept in a repository are generally abstract such as knowledge. For instance  data can be kept in a software repository or a central location where files are housed. Investopedia is also considered a repository—in this case  it's a repository for financial information.What Is a Depository Institution? A depository institution is a financial institution whose main source of funds is deposits from customers. A commercial bank is a type of depository institution  as is a credit union or a savings and loan association.What Is a Non-Depository Financial Institution? A non-depository institution is a type of financial institution that does not primarily rely on customer deposits for its main income. Instead  it acts as a third party to financial transactions. One example of a non-depository institution is a life insurance company. Insurance companies accept payment for insurance products  but they do not typically hold funds for safekeeping  as a depository does.What Are the Benefits of a Depository Institution? There are several advantages to using a depository institution such as a bank. First  depositories provide safekeeping for assets  cash  and valuables  eliminating the risk of theft and loss. They typically pay interest on your deposits  which will grow your balance. Depositories also create liquidity by lending out money.The Bottom LineA depository is a place to deposit  or place  assets such as cash or securities. Depository institutions can include banks  credit unions  and savings and loans institutions. When you place your funds in a depository  the organization often will pay you interest on your deposit. It may also loan out those funds in the form of mortgages or personal loans. However  a depository must return your deposit when you request it. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation guarantees your deposits at participating institutions  up to certain limits.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.17,0.83,True,English,"['Depository', 'Definition', 'Meaning', 'Types', 'Examples', 'long (buy) futures position', 'floating-rate debt instruments', 'contract expiry date', 'domestic debt instruments', 'three main types', 'other valuable assets', 'physical stock certificate', 'demand deposit accounts', 'international securities transactions', 'gold futures contracts', 'other financial institutions', 'funds transfer system', 'electronic depository warrants', 'central securities depository', 'specific date', 'medium-term instruments', 'equity-linked instruments', 'transfer process', 'main source', 'electronic form', 'physical assets', 'physical bullion', 'Federal Deposit', 'physical form', 'other organizations', 'other institutions', 'savings association', 'same condition', 'Key Takeaways', 'multiple purposes', 'general public', 'business loans', 'European exchanges', 'new issues', 'wide variety', 'broad range', 'Special Considerations', 'primary functions', 'precious metals', 'silver bars', 'credit unions', 'book-entry form', 'paper form', 'international bonds', 'other securities', 'interest-bearing account', 'savings account', 'investment funds', 'savings institutions', 'time deposit', 'term depository', 'third-party depository', 'approved depository', 'safe place', 'major markets', 'Domestic securities', 'actual delivery', 'short (seller', 'Depository organizations', 'depository institutions', 'one investor', 'commercial banks', 'currency deposits', 'Customer deposits', ""customers' money"", '40 markets', 'facility', 'something', 'storage', 'safeguarding', 'trading', 'request', 'Depositories', 'security', 'liquidity', 'safekeeping', 'others', 'building', 'office', 'warehouse', 'means', 'consumers', 'businesses', 'safehouses', 'vaults', 'owner', 'risk', 'instance', 'maturity', 'CD', 'checking', 'stocks', 'company', 'mortgage', '39 Watch', 'Example', 'Euroclear', 'clearinghouse', 'clients', 'broker-dealers', 'market-making', 'equities', 'derivatives', 'convertibles', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'Americas', 'shares', 'trade', 'paperwork', 'elimination', 'theft', 'loss', 'fraud', 'damage', 'delay', 'deliveries', 'coins', 'hedger', 'notice', 'buyer', 'case', 'COMEX-approved', 'funding']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,investopedia.com
25685,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/02/2680943/0/en/Aedifica-NV-SA-Aedifica-divests-portfolio-of-10-buildings-in-Finland.html,Aedifica NV/SA: Aedifica divests portfolio of 10 buildings in Finland,Please find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam)  regarding the divestment of a portfolio of 10 child day-care centres in Finland.,Please find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam)  regarding the divestment of a portfolio of 10 child day-care centres in Finland.Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Aedifica NV/SA', 'portfolio', '10 buildings', 'Finland', 'public regulated real estate company', '10 child day-care centres', 'press release', 'Belgian law', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Aedifica', 'divestment', 'portfolio', 'Finland', 'Attachments']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,globenewswire.com
25686,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/2e4907e1d65c9532,Euronext continues investment in clearing business with 50 new hires,Euronext is approaching the end of a two-year hiring spree for its new clearing business as it continues to invest in the division as a core pillar of its future strategy. The exchange group set out plans at the end of 2021 to grow the Euronext Clearing’s hea…,Euronext is approaching the end of a two-year hiring spree for its new clearing business as it continues to invest in the division as a core pillar of its future strategy.The exchange group set out plans at the end of 2021 to grow the Euronext Clearing’s headcount by 65% at the end of 2023  amounting to roughly 50 new hires across its risk  technology  sales and product…This story appeared on thetradenews.com   .,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.85,0.14,True,English,"['50 new hires', 'Euronext', 'investment', 'clearing', 'business', 'two-year hiring spree', 'new clearing business', '50 new hires', 'core pillar', 'future strategy', 'exchange group', 'Euronext Clearing', 'end', 'division', 'plans', 'headcount', 'risk', 'technology', 'sales', 'product', 'story']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,biztoc.com
25687,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES-27314/news/Eurocommercial-Properties-N-Investor-Days-Italy-31-May-1-June-2023-44028497/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,Eurocommercial Properties N : Investor Days Italy - 31 May & 1 June 2023,(marketscreener.com)      Date   Title   Link     17/05/2023   Ceremony: First trading day on Euronext Milan   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES-27314/news/Eurocommercial-Properties-N-Investor-Days-I…,(marketscreener.com)      Date   Title   Link     17/05/2023   Ceremony: First trading day on Euronext Milan   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES-27314/news/Eurocommercial-Properties-N-Investor-Days-I…,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Eurocommercial Properties N', 'Investor Days', 'Italy', '31 May', '1 June', 'Date Title Link', 'First trading day', 'Euronext Milan', 'Ceremony', 'marketscreener', 'stock', 'EUROCOMMERCIAL-PROPERTIES']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25688,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/02/2681316/0/en/A%C3%A9roports-de-Paris-SA-Information-regarding-the-voting-rights-and-shares-as-of-31-May-2023.html,Aéroports de Paris SA: Information regarding the voting rights and shares as of 31 May 2023,2nd June 2023     Aéroports de Paris SA    Information regarding the voting rights and shares as of 31 May 2023Statement according to Article L....,English French2nd June 2023Aéroports de Paris SAInformation regarding the voting rights and sharesas of 31 May 2023Statement according to Article L. 233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the “Autorité des Marchés Financiers”ISIN: FR0010340141Ticker: ADPListing place: Euronext ParisMarket: Euronext Paris - Compartment A – SRDDate Total number of shares Total number of gross voting rights Total number of net voting rights1 31/05/2023 98 960 602 163 917 302 163 611 0671 Gross voting rights less shares without voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Aéroports de', 'Paris SA', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', '31 May', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'net voting rights1', 'French Commercial Code', 'gross voting rights', 'Euronext Paris Market', 'English French', 'Paris SA', '2nd June', 'Aéroports', 'Article L.', 'General Regulations', 'Listing place', 'Compartment A', 'Total number', 'less shares', 'Information', '31 May', 'Statement', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'ADP', 'SRD', 'Date', 'Attachment']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,globenewswire.com
25689,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/02/2681303/0/en/TOUAX-Disclosure-of-Share-Capital-and-Voting-Rights.html,TOUAX : Disclosure of Share Capital and Voting Rights,REGULATED INFORMATION                Paris  2 June 2023 5:45 PM  YOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION  Disclosure of Share......,English FrenchREGULATED INFORMATION Paris  2 June 2023 5:45 PMYOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATIONDisclosure of Share Capital and Voting RightsDisclosure of Share Capital and Voting Rights pursuant to Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.Register name of the issuer: TOUAX SCA (Euronext Paris: TOUP)Date Total shares outstanding Total voting rights Total exercisable voting rights* May 31  2023 7 011 547 8 350 616 8 340 075* excluding rights attached to shares held in treasury****************TOUAX Group leases out tangible assets (freight railcars  river barges and containers) on a daily basis throughout the world  for its own account and on behalf of third party investors. With €1.3 billion under management  TOUAX is one of the European leaders in the operational leasing of this type of equipment.TOUAX SCA is listed in Paris on EURONEXT – Euronext Paris Compartment C (Code ISIN FR0000033003) and on the CAC® Small and CAC® Mid & Small indexes and in EnterNext PEA-PME.For more information: www.touax.comContacts:TOUAX ACTIFINFabrice & Raphaël WALEWSKI Ghislaine GASPARETTOManaging Partners ggasparetto@actifin.frtouax@touax.comwww.touax.com Tel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 11Tel: +33 (0)1 46 96 18 00Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.73,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['Share Capital', 'Voting Rights', 'TOUAX', 'Disclosure', 'Total exercisable voting rights', 'Euronext Paris Compartment C', 'Marchés Financiers', 'third party investors', 'Raphaël WALEWSKI', 'Total voting rights', 'Date Total shares', 'OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION', 'TOUAX ACTIFIN Fabrice', 'French Commercial Code', 'English French', 'SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION', 'Share Capital', 'Article L.', 'General Regulations', 'Register name', 'TOUAX SCA', 'TOUAX Group', 'tangible assets', 'freight railcars', 'river barges', 'daily basis', 'European leaders', 'Small indexes', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'Ghislaine GASPARETTO', 'Managing Partners', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'CAC® Small', '2 June', 'Disclosure', 'des', 'issuer', 'TOUP', 'May', 'treasury', 'containers', 'world', 'account', 'behalf', 'management', 'type', 'equipment', 'Mid', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '45', '1 56']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,globenewswire.com
25690,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDP-RENOV-VEIS-S-A-3073163/news/EDP-Renov-veis-S-A-EDPR-informs-about-admission-to-trading-of-shares-of-the-Company-44022258/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,EDP Renováveis S A : EDPR informs about admission to trading of shares of the Company,(marketscreener.com)   Madrid  June 2nd 2023: EDP Renováveis  S.A. informs that on this date 12 451 539 ordinary and book-entry tradable shares representing EDPR's share capital have been created in the Central de Valores Mobiliários; and such shares were a…,"Madrid  June 2nd 2023: EDP Renováveis  S.A. (""EDPR"") informs that on this date 12 451 539 ordinary and book-entry tradable shares representing EDPR's share capital (i) have been created in the Central de Valores Mobiliários; and (ii) such shares were admitted to trading on the Euronext Lisbon regulated market  by virtue of the share capital increase through incorporation of reserves  resolved on May 2  2023 through a resolution of the Board of Directors (pursuant to a delegation by the general shareholders meeting of April 4  2023)  and registered with the Registro Mercantil de Asturias on May 25  2023. The tradable new shares are fungible with EDPR's other shares and will confer on their holders  as from this date  the same rights as the other shares existing prior to the capital increase.The 12 451 539 new shares issued are admitted to trading on the Euronext Lisbon Regulated Market under the ISIN code ES0127797019.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['EDP Renováveis S A', 'EDPR', 'trading', 'shares', 'Company', 'Central de Valores Mobiliários', 'Euronext Lisbon Regulated Market', 'Registro Mercantil de', 'EDP Renováveis', 'general shareholders meeting', 'book-entry tradable shares', 'tradable new shares', 'share capital increase', '12,451,539 new shares', 'other shares', 'S.A.', 'same rights', 'ISIN code', 'Madrid', 'June', 'EDPR', 'date', '12,451,539 ordinary', 'virtue', 'reserves', 'May', 'resolution', 'Board', 'Directors', 'delegation', 'April', 'Asturias']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25691,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDP-RENOV-VEIS-S-A-3073163/news/EDP-Renov-veis-S-A-Renov-veis-S-A-informs-about-admission-to-trading-of-shares-of-the-Company-44022103/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,EDP Renováveis S A : Renováveis  S.A. informs about admission to trading of shares of the Company,(marketscreener.com)   Madrid  June 2nd     Investors &   Analysts'   Briefing   Reuters: EDPR.LS   Bloomberg: EDPR PL     Admission...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDP-RENOV-VEIS-S-A-3073163/news/EDP-Renov-veis-S-A-Renov-…,"Admission to trading of shares of EDPR2023: EDP Renováveis  S.A. (""EDPR"") informs that on this date 12 451 539 ordinary and book-entry tradable shares representing EDPR's share capital (i) have been created in the Central de Valores Mobiliários; and (ii) such shares were admitted to trading on the Euronext Lisbon regulated market  by virtue of the share capital increase through incorporation of reserves  resolved on May 2  2023 through a resolution of the Board of Directors (pursuant to a delegation by the general shareholders meeting of April 4  2023)  and registered with the Registro Mercantil de Asturias on May 25  2023.The tradable new shares are fungible with EDPR's other shares and will confer on their holders  as from this date  the same rights as the other shares existing prior to the capital increase.The 12 451 539 new shares issued are admitted to trading on the Euronext Lisbon Regulated Market under the ISIN code ES0127797019.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['EDP Renováveis S A', 'S.A.', 'trading', 'shares', 'Company', 'Central de Valores Mobiliários', 'Euronext Lisbon Regulated Market', 'Registro Mercantil de', 'EDP Renováveis', 'general shareholders meeting', 'book-entry tradable shares', 'tradable new shares', 'share capital increase', '12,451,539 new shares', 'other shares', 'same rights', 'ISIN code', 'Admission', 'trading', 'EDPR', 'date', '451,539 ordinary', 'virtue', 'reserves', 'May', 'resolution', 'Board', 'Directors', 'delegation', 'April', 'Asturias']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25692,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ACCOR-ACQUISITION-COMPANY-123687637/news/Accor-Acquisition-Company-S-a-Accor-Acquisition-Company-will-buy-back-and-cancel-all-the-Mark-44028622/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,Accor Acquisition Company S.a. :  Accor Acquisition Company will buy-back and cancel all the Market Shares on June 12  2023,(marketscreener.com)  Regulated informationJune 2  2023Accor Acquisition Company will buy-back and cancel all the Market Shares on June 12  2023On June 2  2023  the Board of Directors of Accor Acquisition Company resolved that the Company has not identif…,"Regulated informationJune 2  2023Accor Acquisition Company will buy-back and cancel all the Market Shares on June 12  2023On June 2  2023  the Board of Directors of Accor Acquisition Company (“AAC” or the “Company”; Euronext Paris: AAC) resolved that the Company has not identified a target that meets the criteria defined by the Board  and thus has not completed an Initial Business Combination (or IBC)  as defined in AAC's Prospectus approved by the AMF on 26 May 2021 under number 21-180 and in its Articles of Association  before June 1  2023 (the Initial Business Combination Deadline).As a result  and in accordance with the Company's announcement on April 27  2023  the Company has decided to proceed with the early buy-back of all of its Market Shares  i.e.  27 702 143 Market Shares  at a unit price of 10 Euros  in accordance with the Articles of Association and the terms and conditions of the Market Shares (and as described in the Prospectus). Such Market Shares will be immediately cancelled by way of capital reduction.The Board of Directors further acknowledged the absence of any objection to the capital reduction from the Company's creditors during the legal period  and consequently decided to carry out the buy-back of all the Market Shares on June 12  2023.This press release is the Final Buy-Back Notice  as described in the Company's by-laws  in the Prospectus and in the Company's press release dated April 27  2023.Consequently  on June 12  2023  the effective buy-back will be carried out for all the Market Shares  without any action being required from the holders of Market Shares: on such date  the centralizing agent will pay to each holder of Market Shares an amount equal to the number of Market Shares it holds multiplied by 10 Euros.For the purposes of the above transactions  the listing of the Market Shares and the Market Warrants will be suspended as of June 8  2023  and the Market Shares and the Market Warrants will be delisted by Euronext Paris on June 12  2023. As a result of the foregoing  no further securities in the Company will be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris.It is reminded that this buy-back will be carried out in full using the funds retained by the Company in the escrow account set up at the time of the listing of the Company's Units on Euronext Paris.A timetable of the next steps is provided below.At the end of these operations  the holders of Founder Shares will meet in a combined general meeting in order to  inter alia  approve the accounts for the financial year ending on 31 December 2022  and to decide on the early dissolution and liquidation of the Company.As a result of the failure to complete an IBC on the Initial Business Combination Deadline  the Market Warrants and the Founder Warrants will be definitively deprived of any exercise right  and will expire without any value in the context of the forthcoming liquidation  in accordance with their respective terms and conditions  the Company's Articles of Association  the Prospectus and the Company's press releases dated May 28  2021 and April 27  2023.Timetable.The timetable below sets out the dates related to the aforementioned operations.June 2  2023  after market Publication of this Final Buy-Back Notice by the CompanyPublication of a market notice by Euronext Paris June 8  2023  before opening Suspension of the listing of the Market Shares and the Market Warrants on Euronext Paris June 12  2023  before opening Delisting of the Market Shares and the Market Warrants by Euronext Paris June 12  2023 Buy-Back and payment for Market SharesCancellation of the Market Shares  and reduction of the Company's capital End of June 2023 General meeting of the Company with the holders of Founder Shares  in particular to decide on the early dissolution and liquidation of the CompanyABOUT ACCOR ACQUISITION COMPANYAccor Acquisition Company (“AAC”) is the first European Corporate Special Purpose Acquisition Company (“SPAC”) sponsored by Accor and created for the exclusive purpose of acquiring one or several businesses active in sectors adjacent to Accor's core hospitality business  including Food and Beverage  Flexible Working  Wellness  Entertainment & Events and Travel Technology.Contacts: Anne-France MalrieuMedia Relationsafmalrieu@image7.fr Pierre BoisselierFinancial communicationPierre.boisselier@accor.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nWhuk5VoZG+Xm56eYZ1tZ2qUnJySm2CdaGOexGeeaMqWnWuRlmtnbsrHZnFhl2lv- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/80249-aac-pr-buy-back-and-cancelation-02062023-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.15,0.57,True,English,"['Accor Acquisition Company S.a.', 'Market Shares', 'June', 'first European Corporate Special Purpose Acquisition Company', 'Anne-France Malrieu Media Relations', 'Initial Business Combination Deadline', 'core hospitality business', 'Financial communication Pierre', 'Final Buy-Back Notice', 'original press release', 'Accor Acquisition Company', 'next press releases', 'Such Market Shares', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'exclusive purpose', 'market notice', 'next steps', 'financial year', 'other releases', 'early buy-back', 'effective buy-back', '27,702,143 Market Shares', 'Founder Shares', 'Market Warrants', 'Euronext Paris', 'unit price', 'legal period', 'centralizing agent', 'escrow account', 'general meeting', 'early dissolution', 'Founder Warrants', 'exercise right', 'several businesses', 'Flexible Working', 'Travel Technology', 'Pierre Boisselier', 'Regulated information', 'respective terms', 'market Publication', 'capital reduction', 'forthcoming liquidation', 'June', 'Board', 'Directors', 'AAC', 'target', 'criteria', 'IBC', 'Prospectus', 'AMF', '26 May', 'number', 'Articles', 'Association', 'result', 'accordance', 'announcement', 'April', '10 Euros', 'conditions', 'way', 'absence', 'objection', 'creditors', 'by', 'laws', 'action', 'holders', 'date', 'amount', 'purposes', 'listing', 'securities', 'funds', 'time', 'Units', 'end', 'operations', 'order', 'accounts', '31 December', 'failure', 'value', 'context', 'Suspension', 'payment', 'Cancellation', 'SPAC', 'sectors', 'Food', 'Beverage', 'Wellness', 'Entertainment', 'Events', 'Contacts', 'image', 'Full', 'PDF', 'cancelation', 'email']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25693,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DECEUNINCK-NV-5973/news/Deceuninck-Update-share-buy-back-programme-44020668/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,Deceuninck : Update share buy-back programme,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   Regulated information   Friday June 2nd 2023 at 7 AM CET   Update on the share buy-back program   In the context of the share buyback program that was announced on May 24th 2023  Deceuninck announces today …,"Press releaseRegulated informationFriday June 2nd 2023 at 7 AM CETUpdate on the share buy-back programIn the context of the share buyback program that was announced on May 24th 2023  Deceuninck announces today that 67.536 Deceuninck shares were purchased on Euronext Brussels stock exchange (XBRU) during the period May 24th 2023 to June 1st 2023 inclusive.Detail of the transactions per day:The buy-back program takes place in accordance with the ""safe harbor"" procedure provided by the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation) and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 supplementing the Market Abuse Regulation.On June 1st 2023 after closing of the market  Deceuninck NV holds a total of 80.639 own shares  which represents 0 06 % of the total number of outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor page of our website.End of press releaseAbout DeceuninckFounded in 1937  Deceuninck is a top 3 independent manufacturer of PVC and composite profiles for windows and doors. Headquartered in Hooglede-Gits (BE)  Deceuninck is organized in 3 geographical segments: Europe  North America and Turkey & Emerging Markets. Deceuninck operates 17 vertically integrated manufacturing facilities  which together with 16 sales and distribution entities guarantee the necessary service and response time to Customers. Deceuninck strongly focuses on innovation  sustainability and reliability. Deceuninck is listed on Euronext Brussels (""DECB"").Contact Deceuninck: Serge Piceu • T +32 51 239 219 • Investor.Relations@deceuninck.comwww.deceuninck.com",neutral,0.16,0.84,0.01,positive,0.68,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['share buy-back programme', 'Deceuninck', 'Update', '17 vertically integrated manufacturing facilities', 'Euronext Brussels stock exchange', 'safe harbor"" procedure', 'top 3 independent manufacturer', 'share buyback program', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'share buy-back program', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Press release', '7 AM CET', 'composite profiles', '3 geographical segments', 'North America', 'Emerging Markets', 'distribution entities', 'necessary service', 'response time', 'Serge Piceu', 'outstanding shares', 'Regulated information', 'total number', 'investor page', 'Friday June', 'Deceuninck NV', 'Contact Deceuninck', '67.536 Deceuninck shares', 'Update', 'context', 'May', 'XBRU', 'period', 'Detail', 'transactions', 'place', 'accordance', '16 April', '8 March', 'closing', 'website', 'PVC', 'windows', 'doors', 'Hooglede-Gits', 'Europe', 'Turkey', '16 sales', 'Customers', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'reliability', 'Relations', '80', '639']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25694,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KTESIOS-REAL-ESTATE-SOCIM-123269049/news/Ktesios-Real-Estate-SOCIMI-S-A-02-06-2023-ndash-Ktesios-Socimi-ndash-The-subscription-of-loans-44028153/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S A : 02.06.2023 – Ktesios Socimi – The subscription of loans,(marketscreener.com)   KTESIOS SOCIMI   Madrid  2th June 2023   Pursuant to Article 17 of Regulation No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse   Article 61004/2 of Euronext Rule Book I Harmonized Rules…,"KTESIOS SOCIMIMadrid  2th June 2023Pursuant to Article 17 of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)  Article 61004/2 of Euronext Rule Book I Harmonized Rules and concordant provisions  on ongoing obligations of companies listed on Euronext  Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI  S.A. (the ""Company"") hereby notifies the following:RELEVANT INFORMATIONIn accordance with the resolutions adopted by the Ordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of 30 March 2023  the Company has started the process of formalising convertible loans with shareholders who so want and with potential investors  in order to continue with the organic and inorganic growth of the Company.The duration of the loans will be 12 months  will accrue interest at a rate of 10% per annum and provides for the possibility to convert the loan amount into shares of the Company at a rate of € 14.50 per share.As at the date  3 loans have been signed for a total amount of € 2 740 000.00  including with the majority shareholder  RKS Real Estate ScSp.We remain at your disposal for any clarification you may require.Henry GallegoCEOKtesios Real Estate SOCIMI  S.A.Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S.A. CIF: A88346614 - C/ Sagasta 15  7º Izda.- 28004 - MadridRegistrada en el Registro Mercantil de Madrid al Tomo 38.976  Folio 30  Sección 1  Hoja M-692614Email: info@ktesios-socimi.es | Tel: +34 910 638 011 | www.ktesios-socimi.es",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S A', 'Ktesios Socimi', 'subscription', 'loans', 'Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S.A.', 'RKS Real Estate ScSp.', ""Ordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Henry Gallego CEO', 'Euronext Rule Book', 'KTESIOS SOCIMI', 'Market Abuse Regulation', '2th June', 'European Parliament', 'concordant provisions', 'ongoing obligations', 'RELEVANT INFORMATION', 'potential investors', 'loan amount', 'total amount', 'majority shareholder', 'C/ Sagasta', 'Registro Mercantil', 'Sección', 'convertible loans', '3 loans', 'Madrid', 'Article', 'No.', 'Council', '16 April', 'Rules', 'companies', 'Company', 'accordance', 'resolutions', '30 March', 'process', 'order', 'organic', 'growth', 'duration', '12 months', 'interest', 'rate', 'annum', 'possibility', 'shares', 'date', 'disposal', 'clarification', 'CIF', '7º Izda.', 'Tomo', 'Folio', 'Hoja', 'Email', 'ktesios-socimi', 'Tel', '34']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25695,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EGIDE-S-A-5193/news/EGIDE-S-A-New-Management-and-2022-Annual-Financial-Report-44020621/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,EGIDE S A : New Management and 2022 Annual Financial Report,(marketscreener.com)   Bollène  June 02  2023 - 07 : 00 am    Press Release   For immediate release   NEW MANAGEMENT   The Board of Directors of Egide Group  meeting on June 1  2023  announces that it has accepted the resignation of Mr Jim COLLI…,Bollène  June 02  2023 - 07 : 00 am (CET)Press ReleaseFor immediate releaseNEW MANAGEMENTThe Board of Directors of Egide Group  meeting on June 1  2023  announces that it has accepted the resignation of Mr Jim COLLINS as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Group. Mr Jim COLLINS remains an employee of Egide USA  as director of the US entities to be sold  and a member of the Board of Directors.The position of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is now split between:the Chairman's position  which has been delegated to and accepted by Mr Michel FAURE (Board member since 2016) ;the Group's CEO position is delegated to and accepted by Mr Philippe BRINGUIER  which he will combine with his position as Chief Financial Officer;Mr David HIEN  General Manager of the Bollène facility in France  is appointed Deputy CEO of Egide SA.The Group will update the market regularly on the progress of the restructuring and sale of its US units.2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORTEgide Groupalso its shareholders of the delay in the publication of its 2022 Annual Financial Report  due to ongoing discussions concerning the project to sell its US subsidiaries. Some work and documents for the annual report have been delayed and are still in progress.Egide Group is therefore announcing that the publication of its 2022 Annual Financial Report  including the statutory auditors' reports  originally scheduled for April 30  2023  will be postponed to June 15  2023 at the latest  and will inform the market of its availability by means of a press release.The Annual General Meeting of June 30  2023 will therefore be held as announced at 10:30 a.m. in Paris - Salons de l'Hôtel Ibis - Paris Gare de Lyon  31 bis Boulevard Diderot  75012 Paris.Pending the publication of its 2022 Annual Financial Report  Euronext Growth has transferred the Company's shares to the FN - SHARES - Penalty bench/Non-Compliant issuers Paris listing group since June 1  2023  in application of article 7.3 1(v) of the Euronext Growth rules.Some financial institutions do not allow the purchase of securities in this listing group. Egide invites investors to contact their bank. If the company has not regularized its situation by June 30  the quotation could be suspended.As soon as its 2022 Annual Financial Report is published  Euronext Growth and Egide Group will respectively issue a press release informing the market of the re-admission of Egide shares to their traditional listing group and the reopening of their listing.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['EGIDE S A', '2022 Annual Financial Report', 'New Management', 'Mr Jim COLLINS', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Mr Michel FAURE', 'Mr Philippe BRINGUIER', 'Mr David HIEN', ""statutory auditors' reports"", 'Hôtel Ibis', 'Penalty bench/Non-Compliant issuers', 'Chief Financial Officer', '2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Bollène facility', 'Euronext Growth rules', 'traditional listing group', 'Paris listing group', 'annual report', 'financial institutions', 'General Manager', 'Press Release', 'immediate release', 'NEW MANAGEMENT', 'US entities', 'Deputy CEO', 'The Group', 'US units', 'ongoing discussions', 'US subsidiaries', 'Boulevard Diderot', 'Egide Group', 'Egide USA', 'Egide SA', 'Paris Gare', 'CEO position', 'Egide shares', 'Board member', '75012 Paris', 'June', 'CET', 'Directors', 'resignation', 'Chairman', 'employee', 'France', 'market', 'progress', 'restructuring', 'sale', 'shareholders', 'delay', 'publication', 'project', 'work', 'documents', 'April', 'availability', 'means', '10:30 a', 'Salons', 'Lyon', '31 bis', 'Company', 'application', 'article', 'purchase', 'securities', 'investors', 'bank', 'situation', 'quotation', 'admission', 'reopening']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25696,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EGIDE-S-A-5193/news/Egide-New-Management-2022-Annual-Financial-Report-44020646/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,Egide: New Management & 2022 Annual Financial Report,(marketscreener.com) Bollène  June 02  2023 – 07 : 00 am Press Release For immediate release NEW MANAGEMENT The Board of Directors of Egide Group  meeting on June 1  2023  announces that it has accepted the resignation of Mr Jim COLLINS as Chairman and Chief …,Bollène  June 02  2023 – 07 : 00 am (CET)Press ReleaseFor immediate releaseNEW MANAGEMENTThe Board of Directors of Egide Group  meeting on June 1  2023  announces that it has accepted the resignation of Mr Jim COLLINS as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Group. Mr Jim COLLINS remains an employee of Egide USA  as director of the US entities to be sold  and a member of the Board of Directors.The position of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is now split between:the Chairman's position  which has been delegated to and accepted by Mr Michel FAURE (Board member since 2016) ;the Group's CEO position is delegated to and accepted by Mr Philippe BRINGUIER  which he will combine with his position as Chief Financial Officer;Mr David HIEN  General Manager of the Bollène facility in France  is appointed Deputy CEO of Egide SA.The Group will update the market regularly on the progress of the restructuring and sale of its US units.2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORTEgide Group also its shareholders of the delay in the publication of its 2022 Annual Financial Report  due to ongoing discussions concerning the project to sell its US subsidiaries. Some work and documents for the annual report have been delayed and are still in progress.Egide Group is therefore announcing that the publication of its 2022 Annual Financial Report  including the statutory auditors' reports  originally scheduled for April 30  2023  will be postponed to June 15  2023 at the latest  and will inform the market of its availability by means of a press release.The Annual General Meeting of June 30  2023 will therefore be held as announced at 10:30 a.m. in Paris - Salons de l'Hôtel Ibis - Paris Gare de Lyon  31 bis Boulevard Diderot  75012 Paris.Pending the publication of its 2022 Annual Financial Report  Euronext Growth has transferred the Company's shares to the FN - SHARES - Penalty bench/Non-Compliant issuers Paris listing group since June 1  2023  in application of article 7.3 1(v) of the Euronext Growth rules.Some financial institutions do not allow the purchase of securities in this listing group. Egide invites investors to contact their bank. If the company has not regularized its situation by June 30  the quotation could be suspended.As soon as its 2022 Annual Financial Report is published  Euronext Growth and Egide Group will respectively issue a press release informing the market of the re-admission of Egide shares to their traditional listing group and the reopening of their listing.FINANCIAL CALENDARAnnual Financial Report: scheduled for release by June 15General Meeting: June 30  2023 - 10:30 am CET- Paris2023 HY Revenue: July 19  2023CONTACTSEGIDE –Philippe Bringuier – Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer - +33 4 90 30 35 94 – pbringuier@fr.egide-group.comFIN’EXTENSO – Isabelle Aprile - Press Relations - +33 6 17 38 61 78 – i.aprile@finextenso.frAbout EGIDE - Keep up to date with all the Group's news online: www.egide-group.com and LinkedInEgide is a group with an international dimension  specialized in the manufacture of hermetic packages and heat dissipation solutions for sensitive electronic components. It operates in cutting edge markets with strong technology barriers to entry in all critical industry segments (Thermal Imaging. Optronics. High-Frequency. Power Units…). Egide is the only pure player in this market niche with manufacturing bases in France and the United States.EGIDE is listed Euronext Growth Paris™- ISIN : FR0000072373 - Mnémo : ALGIDAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.21,0.15,0.63,True,English,"['2022 Annual Financial Report', 'New Management', 'Egide', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR Annual Financial Report', '2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Mr Jim COLLINS', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Mr Michel FAURE', 'Mr David HIEN', ""statutory auditors' reports"", 'Hôtel Ibis', 'Penalty bench/Non-Compliant issuers', 'heat dissipation solutions', 'sensitive electronic components', 'cutting edge markets', 'strong technology barriers', 'critical industry segments', 'Mr Philippe BRINGUIER', 'Bollène facility', 'Euronext Growth rules', 'Annual General Meeting', 'traditional listing group', 'Euronext Growth Paris™', 'annual report', 'Paris listing group', 'financial institutions', 'General Manager', 'NEW MANAGEMENT', 'US entities', 'Deputy CEO', 'US units', 'ongoing discussions', 'US subsidiaries', 'Boulevard Diderot', '2023 HY Revenue', 'FIN’EXTENSO', 'Press Relations', 'international dimension', 'hermetic packages', 'Thermal Imaging', 'Power Units', 'pure player', 'manufacturing bases', 'United States', 'Mnémo', 'ALGID Attachment', 'Paris Gare', 'Press Release', 'immediate release', 'The Group', 'Egide USA', 'Egide SA', 'Isabelle Aprile', 'Egide Group', 'CEO position', 'market niche', 'Egide shares', 'Board member', '75012 Paris', 'June', 'CET', 'Directors', 'resignation', 'Chairman', 'employee', 'France', 'progress', 'restructuring', 'sale', 'shareholders', 'delay', 'publication', 'project', 'work', 'documents', 'availability', 'means', '10:30 a', 'Salons', 'Lyon', 'Company', 'application', 'article', 'purchase', 'securities', 'investors', 'bank', 'situation', 'quotation', 'admission', 'reopening', 'July', 'CONTACTS', 'finextenso', 'date', 'news', 'LinkedIn', 'manufacture', 'entry', 'Optronics', 'High-Frequency', 'ISIN', '90']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25697,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/02/2680941/0/en/Egide-New-Management-2022-Annual-Financial-Report.html,Egide: New Management & 2022 Annual Financial Report,Bollène  June 02  2023 – 07 : 00 am (CET)Press Release For immediate release  NEW MANAGEMENT  The Board of Directors of Egide Group  meeting on June 1 ......,English FrenchBollène  June 02  2023 – 07 : 00 am (CET)Press ReleaseFor immediate releaseNEW MANAGEMENTThe Board of Directors of Egide Group  meeting on June 1  2023  announces that it has accepted the resignation of Mr Jim COLLINS as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Group. Mr Jim COLLINS remains an employee of Egide USA  as director of the US entities to be sold  and a member of the Board of Directors.The position of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is now split between:the Chairman's position  which has been delegated to and accepted by Mr Michel FAURE (Board member since 2016) ;the Group's CEO position is delegated to and accepted by Mr Philippe BRINGUIER  which he will combine with his position as Chief Financial Officer;Mr David HIEN  General Manager of the Bollène facility in France  is appointed Deputy CEO of Egide SA.The Group will update the market regularly on the progress of the restructuring and sale of its US units.2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORTEgide Group also its shareholders of the delay in the publication of its 2022 Annual Financial Report  due to ongoing discussions concerning the project to sell its US subsidiaries. Some work and documents for the annual report have been delayed and are still in progress.Egide Group is therefore announcing that the publication of its 2022 Annual Financial Report  including the statutory auditors' reports  originally scheduled for April 30  2023  will be postponed to June 15  2023 at the latest  and will inform the market of its availability by means of a press release.The Annual General Meeting of June 30  2023 will therefore be held as announced at 10:30 a.m. in Paris - Salons de l'Hôtel Ibis - Paris Gare de Lyon  31 bis Boulevard Diderot  75012 Paris.Pending the publication of its 2022 Annual Financial Report  Euronext Growth has transferred the Company's shares to the FN - SHARES - Penalty bench/Non-Compliant issuers Paris listing group since June 1  2023  in application of article 7.3 1(v) of the Euronext Growth rules.Some financial institutions do not allow the purchase of securities in this listing group. Egide invites investors to contact their bank. If the company has not regularized its situation by June 30  the quotation could be suspended.As soon as its 2022 Annual Financial Report is published  Euronext Growth and Egide Group will respectively issue a press release informing the market of the re-admission of Egide shares to their traditional listing group and the reopening of their listing.FINANCIAL CALENDARAnnual Financial Report: scheduled for release by June 15General Meeting: June 30  2023 - 10:30 am CET- Paris2023 HY Revenue: July 19  2023CONTACTSEGIDE –Philippe Bringuier – Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer - +33 4 90 30 35 94 – pbringuier@fr.egide-group.comFIN’EXTENSO – Isabelle Aprile - Press Relations - +33 6 17 38 61 78 – i.aprile@finextenso.frAbout EGIDE - Keep up to date with all the Group's news online: www.egide-group.com and LinkedInEgide is a group with an international dimension  specialized in the manufacture of hermetic packages and heat dissipation solutions for sensitive electronic components. It operates in cutting edge markets with strong technology barriers to entry in all critical industry segments (Thermal Imaging. Optronics. High-Frequency. Power Units…). Egide is the only pure player in this market niche with manufacturing bases in France and the United States.EGIDE is listed Euronext Growth Paris™- ISIN : FR0000072373 - Mnémo : ALGIDAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.32,0.53,True,English,"['2022 Annual Financial Report', 'New Management', 'Egide', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR Annual Financial Report', 'English French Bollène', 'Bollène facility', '2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Mr Jim COLLINS', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Mr Michel FAURE', 'Mr David HIEN', ""statutory auditors' reports"", 'Hôtel Ibis', 'heat dissipation solutions', 'sensitive electronic components', 'cutting edge markets', 'strong technology barriers', 'critical industry segments', 'Mr Philippe BRINGUIER', 'Euronext Growth rules', 'Annual General Meeting', 'traditional listing group', 'Euronext Growth Paris™', 'annual report', 'Paris listing group', 'financial institutions', 'General Manager', 'NEW MANAGEMENT', 'US entities', 'Deputy CEO', 'US units', 'ongoing discussions', 'US subsidiaries', 'Boulevard Diderot', 'Non-Compliant issuers', '2023 HY Revenue', 'FIN’EXTENSO', 'Isabelle Aprile', 'Press Relations', 'international dimension', 'hermetic packages', 'Thermal Imaging', 'Power Units', 'pure player', 'manufacturing bases', 'United States', 'Mnémo', 'ALGID Attachment', 'Paris Gare', 'Press Release', 'immediate release', 'The Group', 'Egide USA', 'Egide SA', 'Egide Group', 'CEO position', 'market niche', 'Egide shares', 'Board member', '75012 Paris', 'June', 'CET', 'Directors', 'resignation', 'Chairman', 'employee', 'France', 'progress', 'restructuring', 'sale', 'shareholders', 'delay', 'publication', 'project', 'work', 'documents', 'availability', 'means', '10:30 a', 'Salons', 'Lyon', 'Company', 'application', 'article', 'purchase', 'securities', 'investors', 'bank', 'situation', 'quotation', 'admission', 'reopening', 'July', 'CONTACTS', 'finextenso', 'date', 'news', 'LinkedIn', 'manufacture', 'entry', 'Optronics', 'High-Frequency', 'ISIN', '33 4 90']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,globenewswire.com
25698,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEKAERT-NV-5971/news/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-the-Liquidity-Agreement-44020925/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,(marketscreener.com)         Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement Period from 25 May 2023 to 31 May 2023 Share Buyback ProgramOn 10 May 2023  Bekaert announced the start of the sixth tranche of its buyback program  for a total maxim…,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 25 May 2023 to 31 May 2023Share Buyback ProgramOn 10 May 2023   Bekaert announced the start of the sixth tranche of its buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 30 million (the Sixth Tranche). All shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 25 May 2023 to 31 May 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 69 557 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the sixth tranche of the Program during the period from 25 May 2023 to 31 May 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 25 May 2023 Euronext Brussels 7 712 39.93 40.06 39.70 307 909 MTF CBOE 4 442 39.93 40.06 39.70 177 362 MTF Turquoise 874 39.94 40.06 39.70 34 906 MTF Aquis 1 124 39.94 40.06 39.74 44 890 26 May 2023 Euronext Brussels 6 828 40.42 40.58 39.84 275 978 MTF CBOE 4 500 40.45 40.76 40.02 182 030 MTF Turquoise 802 40.48 40.76 40.26 32 465 MTF Aquis 1 159 40.45 40.66 40.08 46 880 29 May 2023 Euronext Brussels 7 738 40.78 40.96 40.62 315 593 MTF CBOE 4 555 40.79 40.96 40.60 185 818 MTF Turquoise 783 40.78 40.96 40.62 31 930 MTF Aquis 1 208 40.80 40.96 40.62 49 286 30 May 2023 Euronext Brussels 7 780 40.74 41.02 40.34 316 930 MTF CBOE 4 490 40.73 41.02 40.36 182 875 MTF Turquoise 774 40.72 41.02 40.40 31 516 MTF Aquis 1 208 40.72 40.98 40.36 49 195 31 May 2023 Euronext Brussels 7 318 39.92 40.12 39.76 292 153 MTF CBOE 4 355 39.93 40.10 39.76 173 889 MTF Turquoise 726 39.92 40.08 39.76 28 979 MTF Aquis 1 181 39.93 40.18 39.76 47 159 Total 69 557 40.37 41.02 39.70 2 807 743Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 2 401 shares during the period from 25 May 2023 to 31 May 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 4 401 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 25 May 2023 to 31 May 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 25 May 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 26 May 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 29 May 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 30 May 2023 800 40.41 40.42 40.40 32 328 31 May 2023 1 601 40.05 40.20 39.80 64 120 Total 2 401 96 448Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 25 May 2023 400 40.00 40.00 40.00 16 000 26 May 2023 1 600 40.28 40.50 40.00 64 448 29 May 2023 1 600 40.75 41.00 40.60 65 200 30 May 2023 800 41.10 41.10 41.10 32 880 31 May 2023 1 40.20 40.20 40.20 40 Total 4 401 178 568The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 50 519 shares.On 31 May 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 3 199 248 own shares  or 5.61% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.29,0.4,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'investor relations pages', 'total maximum consideration', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'share capital', 'Date Number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'total number', 'sixth tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'Total Amount', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '69 557 shares', '2 401 shares', '4 401 shares', '50 519 shares', 'Update', '25 May', '31 May', '10 May', 'Bekaert', 'start', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '2 September', '26 May', '29 May', '30 May', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '199 248', '5.']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25699,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/02/2680955/0/en/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-the-Liquidity-Agreement.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement  Period from 25 May 2023 to 31 May 2023  Share Buyback ProgramOn 10 May 2023 ......,English Dutch FrenchUpdate on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 25 May 2023 to 31 May 2023Share Buyback ProgramOn 10 May 2023   Bekaert announced the start of the sixth tranche of its buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 30 million (the Sixth Tranche). All shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 25 May 2023 to 31 May 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 69 557 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the sixth tranche of the Program during the period from 25 May 2023 to 31 May 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 25 May 2023 Euronext Brussels 7 712 39.93 40.06 39.70 307 909 MTF CBOE 4 442 39.93 40.06 39.70 177 362 MTF Turquoise 874 39.94 40.06 39.70 34 906 MTF Aquis 1 124 39.94 40.06 39.74 44 890 26 May 2023 Euronext Brussels 6 828 40.42 40.58 39.84 275 978 MTF CBOE 4 500 40.45 40.76 40.02 182 030 MTF Turquoise 802 40.48 40.76 40.26 32 465 MTF Aquis 1 159 40.45 40.66 40.08 46 880 29 May 2023 Euronext Brussels 7 738 40.78 40.96 40.62 315 593 MTF CBOE 4 555 40.79 40.96 40.60 185 818 MTF Turquoise 783 40.78 40.96 40.62 31 930 MTF Aquis 1 208 40.80 40.96 40.62 49 286 30 May 2023 Euronext Brussels 7 780 40.74 41.02 40.34 316 930 MTF CBOE 4 490 40.73 41.02 40.36 182 875 MTF Turquoise 774 40.72 41.02 40.40 31 516 MTF Aquis 1 208 40.72 40.98 40.36 49 195 31 May 2023 Euronext Brussels 7 318 39.92 40.12 39.76 292 153 MTF CBOE 4 355 39.93 40.10 39.76 173 889 MTF Turquoise 726 39.92 40.08 39.76 28 979 MTF Aquis 1 181 39.93 40.18 39.76 47 159 Total 69 557 40.37 41.02 39.70 2 807 743Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 2 401 shares during the period from 25 May 2023 to 31 May 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 4 401 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 25 May 2023 to 31 May 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 25 May 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 26 May 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 29 May 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 30 May 2023 800 40.41 40.42 40.40 32 328 31 May 2023 1 601 40.05 40.20 39.80 64 120 Total 2 401 96 448Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 25 May 2023 400 40.00 40.00 40.00 16 000 26 May 2023 1 600 40.28 40.50 40.00 64 448 29 May 2023 1 600 40.75 41.00 40.60 65 200 30 May 2023 800 41.10 41.10 41.10 32 880 31 May 2023 1 40.20 40.20 40.20 40 Total 4 401 178 568The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 50 519 shares.On 31 May 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 3 199 248 own shares  or 5.61% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.24,0.44,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'English Dutch French', 'investor relations pages', 'total maximum consideration', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'share capital', 'Date Number', 'total number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'sixth tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'Total Amount', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '69 557 shares', '2 401 shares', '4 401 shares', '50 519 shares', 'Update', '25 May', '31 May', '10 May', 'Bekaert', 'start', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '30 May', '2 September', '26 May', '29 May', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '199 248', '5.']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,globenewswire.com
25700,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/02/2681196/0/en/Statkraft-AS-successfully-places-EUR-500-million-green-bond.html,Statkraft AS successfully places EUR 500 million green bond,(Oslo  2 June 2023) Today  Statkraft has issued a EUR 500 million senior bond under its EMTN (Euro Medium Term Note) programme. The bond matures in June 2033 and pays a fixed coupon of 3.500%. The transaction was substantially oversubscribed.,(Oslo  2 June 2023) Today  Statkraft has issued a EUR 500 million senior bond under its EMTN (Euro Medium Term Note) programme. The bond matures in June 2033 and pays a fixed coupon of 3.500%. The transaction was substantially oversubscribed.An equivalent amount to the net proceeds from the bond issue will be used to finance Eligible Projects as specified in Statkraft’s Green Bond Framework. Barclays  BNP Paribas  SEB and SMBC acted as joint bookrunners on the bond issue.Statkraft will apply for the bond to be listed on Euronext Dublin.The EMTN Offering Circular and Green Finance Framework are available on Statkraft’ s website:https://www.statkraft.com/IR/funding/For further information  please contact:Funding Manager Andre Julin  tel.: +47 992 54 205VP Group Treasury Stephan Skaane  tel.: +47 905 13 652,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['EUR 500 million green bond', 'Statkraft AS', 'Euro Medium Term Note) programme', 'VP Group Treasury Stephan Skaane', 'The EMTN Offering Circular', 'Funding Manager Andre Julin', 'Green Finance Framework', '500 million senior bond', 'Green Bond Framework', 'fixed coupon', 'equivalent amount', 'net proceeds', 'bond issue', 'Eligible Projects', 'BNP Paribas', 'joint bookrunners', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Oslo', '2 June', 'Statkraft', 'transaction', 'Barclays', 'SEB', 'SMBC', 'website', 'information', 'tel']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,globenewswire.com
25701,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/02/2681312/0/en/DELTA-DRONE-Sale-of-11-20-of-the-stake-in-Donecle.html,DELTA DRONE - Sale of 11.20% of the stake in Donecle,Sale of 11.20% of the stake in Donecle    Dardilly  June 2  2023 at 6 p.m.    Delta Drone announces the sale of 11.20% of the capital of Donecle to a......,French EnglishSale of 11.20% of the stake in DonecleDardilly  June 2  2023 at 6 p.m.Delta Drone announces the sale of 11.20% of the capital of Donecle to a company formed around the management of Donecle. Following this transaction  Delta Drone will continue to hold 13.63% of the capital.This operation is part of the asset disposal program initiated several months ago. It also responds to the desire of Donecle's main Managers to strengthen their position in the company's capital  in line with the significant development that the company is currently enjoying.Donecle is now the worldwide leader of automated aircraft general visual inspection based on drone technology  offering a unique solution combining a 100% automated drone with advanced image analysis algorithms.About Delta Drone : The Delta Drone Group is a recognized international player in the sector of civil drones for professional use. It develops a range of professional solutions based on drone technology as well as all associated services that form a complete value chain.Delta Drone shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris – ISIN code: FR001400H2X4www.deltadrone.comInvestor contacts:AeliumAelium Jerome Gacoin +33 1 75 77 54 65 jgacoin@aelium.frAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['DELTA DRONE', 'Sale', 'stake', 'Donecle', 'automated aircraft general visual inspection', 'advanced image analysis algorithms', 'The Delta Drone Group', 'asset disposal program', 'complete value chain', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Aelium Jerome Gacoin', 'Delta Drone shares', '100% automated drone', 'drone technology', 'French English', 'main Managers', 'significant development', 'worldwide leader', 'unique solution', 'international player', 'civil drones', 'professional use', 'professional solutions', 'associated services', 'ISIN code', 'Investor contacts', 'Sale', 'stake', 'Donecle', 'Dardilly', 'June', 'capital', 'company', 'management', 'transaction', 'operation', 'part', 'desire', 'position', 'line', 'sector', 'range', 'Attachment', '6']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,globenewswire.com
25702,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NICOX-SA-25281955/news/Nicox-2023-Ordinary-Shareholder-Meeting-44020717/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,Nicox: 2023 Ordinary Shareholder Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Press ReleaseNicox: 2023 Ordinary Shareholder MeetingJune 2  2023 – release at 7:30 am CET Sophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA   an international ophthalmology company  informs its shareholders that the Ordinary general meeting convened on f…,Press ReleaseNicox: 2023 Ordinary Shareholder MeetingJune 2  2023 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  ALCOX)  an international ophthalmology company  informs its shareholders that the Ordinary general meeting convened on first call on Thursday June 1st  2023  was not held as the quorum required by law was not reached.The shareholders of Nicox are thus convened on second call for an Ordinary general meeting on the same resolutions and the same agenda on Thursday June 15 at 2:00 pm CET in the offices of BuroClub - Drakkar 2 - Bâtiment D - 2405 route des Dolines - 06560 Valbonne Sophia Antipolis - France.The documents mentioned in articles R.22.10-23 of the French Code de commerce  including a proxy voting form  are sent to the shareholders upon written request. These documents are also made available to shareholders at the headquarters of the Company and on its website (www.nicox.com).Shareholders may vote by proxy  by internet or by attending the Ordinary shareholder meeting in person. A guide explaining how to vote  and notably how to vote by internet  is posted on Nicox’s website. Shareholders may also contact the Company’s Investor Relations team at ag2023nicox@nicox.com for any question on the voting process. The proxy forms sent by correspondence  or the electronic votes received for the Ordinary general meeting initially planned on June 1st  2023 remain valid for the Ordinary general meeting of June 15  2023.About NicoxNicox SA is an international ophthalmology company developing innovative solutions to help maintain vision and improve ocular health. Nicox’s lead program in clinical development is NCX 470  a novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost  for lowering intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. The company is also conducting research on NCX 1728  a nitric oxide-donating phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor  in retinal conditions. NCX 4251  a novel  patented  ophthalmic suspension of fluticasone propionate nanocrystals for topical ocular application for dry eye disease  is being developed by Ocumension Therapeutics in China under an exclusive license agreement and is available for partnering elsewhere. Nicox generates revenue from VYZULTA® in glaucoma  licensed exclusively worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  and ZERVIATE® in allergic conjunctivitis  licensed in multiple geographies  including to Eyevance Pharmaceuticals  LLC (a wholly owned subsidiary of Santen Pharmaceutical Co.  Ltd.)  in the U.S. and Ocumension Therapeutics in the Chinese and in the majority of Southeast Asian markets.Nicox  headquartered in Sophia Antipolis  France  is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (Ticker symbol: ALCOX) and is part of the CAC Healthcare index.For more information on Nicox  its products or pipeline  please visit: www.nicox.com.Analyst coverageBryan  Garnier & Co Eric Yoo Paris  FranceEdison Investment Research Pooya Hemami London  UKH.C. Wainwright & Co Yi Chen New York  U.S.Kepler Cheuvreux Arsene Guekam Paris  FranceThe views expressed by analysts in their coverage of Nicox are those of the author and do not reflect the views of Nicox. Additionally  the information contained in their reports may not be correct or current. Nicox disavows any obligation to correct or to update the information contained in analyst reports.ContactsNicoxGavin SpencerExecutive Vice President  Chief Business Officer& Head of Corporate DevelopmentT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00communications@nicox.comForward-Looking StatementsThe information contained in this document may be modified without prior notice. This information includes forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These statements are based on current expectations or beliefs of the management of Nicox S.A. and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Nicox S.A. and its affiliates  directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents  do not undertake  nor do they have any obligation  to provide updates or to revise any forward-looking statements.Risks factors which are likely to have a material effect on Nicox’s business are presented in section 2.7 of the ‘Rapport Annuel 2022’ which is available on Nicox’s website (www.nicox.com),neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.09,0.24,0.68,True,English,"['2023 Ordinary Shareholder Meeting', 'Nicox', 'Gavin Spencer Executive Vice President', 'Co Yi Chen New York', 'French Code de commerce', 'novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost', 'nitric oxide-donating phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor', 'novel, patented, ophthalmic suspension', 'Co Eric Yoo Paris', 'France Edison Investment Research', 'Santen Pharmaceutical Co.', '2023 Ordinary Shareholder Meeting', 'Ordinary general meeting', 'Bâtiment D', '2405 route des Dolines', 'Investor Relations team', 'fluticasone propionate nanocrystals', 'dry eye disease', 'exclusive license agreement', 'Southeast Asian markets', 'CAC Healthcare index', 'Pooya Hemami London', 'H.C. Wainwright', 'Arsene Guekam Paris', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'topical ocular application', 'Chief Business Officer', 'international ophthalmology company', 'Valbonne Sophia Antipolis', 'proxy voting form', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Nicox S.A.', 'Press Release Nicox', 'Euronext Paris', 'voting process', 'U.S.', 'ocular health', 'ocular hypertension', 'first call', 'second call', 'same resolutions', 'same agenda', 'proxy forms', 'electronic votes', 'innovative solutions', 'lead program', 'clinical development', 'intraocular pressure', 'retinal conditions', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'allergic conjunctivitis', 'multiple geographies', 'Eyevance Pharmaceuticals', 'Ticker symbol', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Corporate Development', 'prior notice', 'future performance', 'current expectations', 'actual results', 'material effect', 'Rapport Annuel 2022', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'Analyst coverage', 'analyst reports', 'Risks factors', 'Nicox SA', 'Contacts Nicox', 'Thursday June', 'CET', 'ALCOX', 'shareholders', 'quorum', 'law', 'offices', 'BuroClub', 'Drakkar', 'documents', 'articles', 'written', 'request', 'headquarters', 'website', 'internet', 'person', 'guide', 'question', 'correspondence', 'vision', 'NCX', 'patients', 'China', 'revenue', 'VYZULTA®', 'Bausch', 'Lomb', 'ZERVIATE®', 'subsidiary', 'Chinese', 'majority', 'part', 'information', 'products', 'pipeline', 'Bryan', 'Garnier', 'UK', 'views', 'analysts', 'author', 'obligation', 'guarantees', 'beliefs', 'management', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'affiliates', 'directors', 'officers', 'employees', 'advisers', 'agents', 'updates', 'section', '7:30', '2:00']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25703,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HIGHCO-5002/news/HighCo-Shareholding-as-31-05-2023-44028559/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,HighCo: Shareholding as 31/05/2023,(marketscreener.com) INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES Declaration pursuant to Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers Date of settlemento…,INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESDeclaration pursuant to Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Codeand 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF)Date of settlementof information Total number of shares Number of shares without voting rights (*) Number of voting rights for threshold calculation (**) Number of actual voting rights (exercisable at shareholders’ meeting) May 31  2023 20 455 403 485 342 22 793 847 22 308 505 April 30  2023 20 455 403 439 482 22 814 633 22 375 151 March 31  2023 20 455 403 376 968 22 818 769 22 441 801 February 28  2023 20 455 403 319 981 22 818 769 22 498 788 January 31  2023 20 455 403 253 414 22 892 958 22 639 544 December 31  2022 20 455 403 250 392 22 948 713 22 698 321(*) exclusively consisting of treasury shares.(**) theoretical voting rights to calculate the threshold crossing including the voting right of treasury shares (article 223-11 of the General Regulations AMF).About HighCoAs an expert marketing and communication  HighCo supports brands and retailers in accelerating the transformation of retail.Listed in compartment C of Euronext Paris  and eligible for SME equity savings plans (“PEA-PME”)  HighCo has more than 500 employees.HighCo has achieved a Gold rating from EcoVadis  meaning that the Group is ranked in the top 5% of companies in terms of CSR performance and responsible purchasing.Your contactsCécile COLLINA-HUE Nicolas CASSARManaging Director Press Relations+33 1 77 75 65 06 +33 4 88 71 35 46comfi@highco.com n.cassar@highco.comUpcoming eventPublication take place after market close .Quarterly gross profitQ2 and H1 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  19 July 2023Q3 and 9-months 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  18 October 20232023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  24 January 2024Analyst meeting (French Society of Financial Analysts - SFAF)2023 Half-year Earnings Conference Call at 11:00 am: Thursday  14 September 2023Earnings2023 Half-year Earnings: Wednesday  13 September 2023HighCo is a component stock of the indices CAC® Small (CACS)  CAC® Mid&Small (CACMS) and CAC® All-Tradable (CACT)  Euronext® Tech Croissance (FRTPR) and Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index (ENPME).ISIN: FR0000054231Reuters: HIGH.PABloomberg: HCO FPFor further financial information and press releases  go to www.highco.com.This English translation is for the convenience of English-speaking readers. Consequently  the translation may not be relied upon to sustain any legal claim  nor should it be used as the basis of any legal opinion. HighCo expressly disclaims liability for any inaccuracy herein.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.24,0.59,True,English,"['HighCo', 'Shareholding', '31', 'des marchés financiers', 'SME equity savings plans', 'Managing Director Press Relations', '2023 Half-year Earnings Conference Call', 'Upcoming event Publication', 'French Commercial Code', 'Cécile COLLINA-HUE', 'Euronext® Tech Croissance', 'Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index', 'actual voting rights', 'theoretical voting rights', 'Quarterly gross profit', 'CAC® Mid&Small', 'General Regulations AMF', 'press releases', 'compartment C', 'Euronext Paris', '2023 Gross Profit', 'French Society', 'CAC® Small', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'expert marketing', 'Gold rating', 'CSR performance', 'responsible purchasing', 'Nicolas CASSAR', 'Analyst meeting', 'Financial Analysts', 'component stock', 'HCO FP', 'English-speaking readers', 'legal claim', 'legal opinion', 'SHARES Declaration', 'treasury shares', 'threshold crossing', 'English translation', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'financial information', 'Articles', 'Date', 'settlement', 'calculation', 'May', 'HighCo', 'communication', 'brands', 'retailers', 'transformation', '500 employees', 'EcoVadis', 'Group', 'companies', 'terms', 'contacts', 'place', 'Q2', 'H1', 'Wednesday', 'Q3', '9-months', 'October', 'SFAF', 'Thursday', '14 September', 'indices', 'CACS', 'CACMS', 'CACT', 'FRTPR', 'ENPME', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'convenience', 'basis', 'liability', 'inaccuracy', 'Attachment', '11:00']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25704,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4116692.html,Accor collaborates with key sustainable certification programs,For many years  Accor has been committed to sustainable development. In 2020  the Group set out its commitment to contribute to net zero carbon emissions globally by 2050 and reducing its absolute emissions by 46% (Scope 1&2) and by 28% (Scope 3) by 2030. Acc…,For many years  Accor has been committed to sustainable development. In 2020  the Group set out its commitment to contribute to net zero carbon emissions globally by 2050 and reducing its absolute emissions by 46% (Scope 1&2) and by 28% (Scope 3) by 2030. Accor wants to go a step further in its sustainability transformation and commits to supporting its 5 400 hotels in obtaining an external sustainable certification.Alongside Accor joining the Global Sustainable Tourism Council (GSTC) last year  the Group is proud to announce that two additional global partnerships have been signed with Green Key and Green Globe  both partners having their standards recognized by GSTC. These certification programs assess businesses across the four pillars of sustainability: sustainable management  environmental impacts  cultural impacts  and socio-economic impacts  confirmed by independent  third-party audit of the hotels’ practices.By encouraging sustainable certification of its hotels  Accor will help guests and partners travel more sustainably by providing reliable information on sustainable options. Accor will also contribute to sustainable destination approaches  as in Marseille with a commitment to have all Accor hotels in the city certified by 2024  in line with the city and the region’s ambitions.Accor’s capacity for action is global. But this requires a method of implementation to maximize social and environmental impact. Independent certification is a must-have for all hotels as it helps them to provide proof of our sustainability commitments  meet the growing expectations of our guests  and contribute to scientific objectives. It shows a strong external recognition of our sustainability practices by all stakeholders in the industry. Brune Poirson - Chief Sustainability Officer at AccorThe collaboration agreement between Accor and Green Key will have Accor hotels implementing their sustainable development initiatives through two preferred certification programs globally  including Green Key.We are proud to be chosen by Accor as one of the preferred certification partners. With our large network of National Operators  we are looking forward to having the opportunity to support Accor with its sustainability ambitions and seeing many Accor hotels globally displaying the Green Key. Finn Bolding Thomsen  Green Key International DirectorGreen Globe has had a long-standing relationship with Accor through the Mövenpick brand  who were among the pioneers on sustainable certification within the Group  and which have already included sustainable certification in their brand’s standards.As an Accor partner  Green Globe has been granted access to one of the world’s largest Group of accommodation providers  across a variety of markets and many countries. Our well-established certification services are exemplified by our certification of the Accor owned Mövenpick Hotel & Resort Group  with over 70 properties worldwide maintaining continuous Green Globe certification for over a decade. Green Globe CEO  Birte PelayoAdditionally  as Australia and New Zealand’s largest hotel operator  Accor has entered into a strategic partnership with Ecotourism Australia to certify all Accor hotels  apartments and resorts across Australia and the Pacific as Sustainable Tourism certified businesses.In the US & Canada  Accor has a long-standing partnership with Green Key Global  especially implemented through the Fairmont brand  with many hotels of the brand certified over the past few years.Similarly  Accor will be collaborating in all regions with strong local certification programs.These global and local partnerships will help Accor reach the target of 100% of our network eco-certified by 2026.ABOUT GREEN GLOBEGreen Globe is the worldwide sustainability system based on internationally accepted criteria for sustainable operation and management of travel and tourism businesses. Operating under a worldwide license  Green Globe is based in California  USA and is represented in over 83 countries. Green Globe is an Affiliate Member of the United Nations World Tourism Organization (UNWTO). For information  please visit www.greenglobe.com.ABOUT GREEN KEYCoordinated by the Foundation for Environmental Education (FEE)  Green Key is a voluntary eco-label awarded to more than 4 200 hotels and other establishments in 60+ countries and is the leading standard for excellence in the field of environmental responsibility and sustainable operation within the tourism industry. The high environmental standards expected of Green Key establishments are maintained through a strict set of criteria  rigorous documentation and frequent audits. Green Key is eligible for hotels  hostels  small accommodations  campsites  holiday parks  conference centres  restaurants and attractions.For more information  please visit www.greenkey.global or contact us through [email protected]About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 400 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry’s most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.Line CrieloueGroup external communications - Executive Director - Corporate+33 1 45 38 18 11Accor,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,positive,0.93,0.07,0.01,True,English,"['key sustainable certification programs', 'Accor', 'United Nations World Tourism Organization', 'net zero carbon emissions', 'two additional global partnerships', 'two preferred certification programs', 'Green Key International Director', 'strong local certification programs', 'Global Sustainable Tourism Council', 'world leading hospitality group', 'continuous Green Globe certification', 'strong external recognition', 'Finn Bolding Thomsen', 'Mövenpick Hotel', 'independent, third-party audit', 'largest hotel operator', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'sustainable destination approaches', 'Chief Sustainability Officer', 'external sustainable certification', 'sustainable development initiatives', 'preferred certification partners', 'Mövenpick brand', 'worldwide sustainability system', 'Green Globe CEO', 'Green Key Global', 'Green Key establishments', 'high environmental standards', 'local partnerships', 'many Accor hotels', 'Independent certification', 'absolute emissions', 'leading standard', 'certification services', 'largest Group', 'worldwide license', 'other establishments', 'tourism industry', 'sustainable options', 'sustainable operation', 'tourism businesses', 'environmental impacts', 'Environmental Education', 'environmental responsibility', 'sustainability transformation', 'sustainability commitments', 'sustainability practices', 'four pillars', 'cultural impacts', 'socio-economic impacts', 'growing expectations', 'scientific objectives', 'Brune Poirson', 'collaboration agreement', 'National Operators', 'long-standing relationship', 'accommodation providers', 'Resort Group', 'Birte Pelayo', 'New Zealand', 'strategic partnership', 'standing partnership', 'Affiliate Member', 'voluntary eco-label', 'strict set', 'rigorous documentation', 'frequent audits', 'small accommodations', 'holiday parks', 'conference centres', 'many hotels', 'sustainable management', 'many years', 'many countries', 'Fairmont brand', 'sustainability ambitions', 'hotels’ practices', 'large network', '60+ countries', 'reliable information', 'Ecotourism Australia', 'Accor partner', '5,400 hotels', '4,200 hotels', '83 countries', '110 countries', 'Scope', 'step', 'GSTC', 'guests', 'Marseille', 'city', 'line', 'region', 'action', 'method', 'implementation', 'social', 'have', 'proof', 'stakeholders', 'opportunity', 'pioneers', 'access', 'variety', 'markets', '70 properties', 'decade', 'apartments', 'resorts', 'Pacific', 'Canada', 'past', 'target', 'criteria', 'travel', 'California', 'USA', 'UNWTO', 'greenglobe', 'Foundation', 'FEE', 'excellence', 'field', 'hostels', 'campsites', 'restaurants', 'greenkey', 'experiences', '5 400 properties', '10 000 food', 'beverage']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,hospitalitynet.org
25705,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/02/2681304/0/en/Fnac-Darty-Information-on-the-total-number-of-shares-and-voting-rights-on-May-31-2023.html,Fnac Darty: Information on the total number of shares and voting rights on May 31  2023,Ivry  June 2nd  2023  Regulated information  INFORMATION ON THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES  Statement in compliance with article L. 233-8...,English FrenchIvry  June 2nd  2023Regulated informationINFORMATION ON THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESStatement in compliance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial code and article 223- 16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF – Autorité des marchés financiers)Stock Market Euronext ParisISIN Code FR0011476928DateTotal number of shares composing the share capital of the company Total number of gross voting rightsTotal number of net voting rights (*) 31/05/2023 27 242 962 27 242 962 27 082 665(*) Net = After deduction of the shares deprived of voting rightIn accordance with Article 9 of the Company's Articles of Association  any physical or legal person  acting alone or in concert  who comes to hold  or ceases to hold  directly or indirectly  a percentage of the company's capital or voting rights equal to or greater than 3% or any multiple of 1% above 3%  is required to inform the company by registered letter with return receipt requested within the time limit provided for in Article R. 233-1 of the French Commercial Code (i.e.  as of today  at the latest before the close of trading on the fourth trading day following the day on which the shareholding threshold is crossed).Under the terms of the twentieth resolution of the General Meeting of 29 May 2015  it was decided not to grant any double voting rights as instituted by law 2014-384 of 29 March 2014.CONTACTANALYSTS /INVESTORS investisseurs@fnacdarty.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['Fnac Darty', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', 'May', 'Stock Market Euronext Paris', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'des marchés financiers', 'French commercial code', 'gross voting rights', 'double voting rights', 'net voting rights', 'fourth trading day', 'English French', 'ISIN Code', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'General Regulation', 'legal person', 'return receipt', 'time limit', 'shareholding threshold', 'twentieth resolution', 'General Meeting', 'INVESTORS investisseurs', 'Regulated information', 'article L.', 'share capital', 'Article R.', '29 March', 'Ivry', 'June', 'THE', 'SHARES', 'Statement', 'compliance', 'AMF', 'Date', 'company', 'deduction', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'physical', 'concert', 'percentage', 'letter', 'today', 'close', 'terms', '29 May', 'law', 'CONTACT', 'ANALYSTS', 'Attachment']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,globenewswire.com
25706,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/02/2680982/0/en/Information-on-share-capital-and-voting-rights-May-2023.html,Information on share capital and voting rights - May 2023,Information on share capital and voting rights May 2023  Statement made in accordance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial Code and...,English FrenchInformation on share capital and voting rightsMay 2023Statement made in accordance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial Code and articles 221-1 2 ° f) and 223-16 of the AMF Regulations.June 2nd  2023Statement made by:Nexans S.A.Registered office : 4 Allée de l’Arche - 92400 CourbevoieRCS Nanterre 393 525 852Regulated market of Euronext Paris (Compartment A)DateTotal number of sharesTotal number of voting rights Theorical (1) Exercisable (2) May 31st  2023 43 753 380 43 753 380 43 706 473(1) Calculated based on all shares with voting rights  including treasury shares stripped of voting rights (Art. 223-11 of AMF General Regulations).(2) For information  excluding treasury shares stripped of voting rights  excluding liquidity contract.Provision of Nexans articles of association requiring shareholders to declare the crossing of threshold other than the legal thresholds: yes.Extract of article 7 of Nexans articles of association: “Fully paid up shares may be registered or bearer at the option of the shareholder. In addition to the legal obligation to inform the company when certain fractions of the share capital are held  any natural or legal person and/or shareholder owning a number of shares in the company equal to or greater than 2 % of the share capital or voting rights must notify the company of the total number of shares held  within a period of fifteen days from the time the threshold is crossed  by registered letter with acknowledgement of receipt. A further notification must be sent  in accordance with the conditions hereof  each time that a multiple of 2 % is reached.”Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['share capital', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'May', 'French commercial Code', 'AMF General Regulations', 'Nexans S.A.', 'AMF Regulations', 'English French', 'Compartment A', 'share capital', 'voting rights', 'Registered office', '4 Allée', 'RCS Nanterre', 'Regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'liquidity contract', 'Nexans articles', 'legal thresholds', 'legal obligation', 'legal person', 'fifteen days', 'Total number', 'article L.', 'treasury shares', 'Information', 'May', 'Statement', 'accordance', 'June', '92400 Courbevoie', 'Date', 'Art.', 'Provision', 'association', 'shareholders', 'crossing', 'Extract', 'option', 'addition', 'company', 'fractions', 'natural', 'period', 'time', 'letter', 'acknowledgement', 'receipt', 'notification', 'conditions', 'multiple', 'Attachment', '2 °']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,globenewswire.com
25707,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-experts-to-discuss-bankruptcy-in-2023-in-virtual-event-44027595/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,Wolters Kluwer experts to discuss bankruptcy in 2023 in virtual event,(marketscreener.com) Event will share due diligence framework for transactional lawyershttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-experts-to-discuss-bankruptcy-in-2023-in-virtual-event-44027595/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_co…,Event will share due diligence framework for transactional lawyersWolters Kluwer CT Corporation legal experts are hosting an event sharing insights regarding a due diligence framework to navigate business deals impacted by bankruptcy-related issues in uncertain economic times. The continuing legal education (CLE) event  “Bankruptcies in 2023 – A Due Diligence Framework for Transactional Attorneys ” will feature Elina Balagula  CT Corporation’s Transactional Business Consultant and Devlin Fisher  Global Sales Support Manager at the company  on June 6th  2023 at 1:00 pm EDT.In today’s business climate  there has been a substantial increase in companies across multiple sectors resorting to bankruptcy in hopes of salvaging their business during these turbulent economic times. Attendees will learn introductory bankruptcy concepts  due diligence best practices  and how to evaluate a secured creditors position with respect to the debtor’s assets.For more than 130 years  Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation has been the leading provider of registered agent services  incorporation services  and legal entity compliance. It is part of Wolters Kluwer’s Financial & Corporate Compliance (FCC) division and has a global reach into over 150 countries. More than 75 percent of Fortune 500 companies  95 percent of AmLaw 100 law firms  and 350 000 small businesses trust CT Corporation to handle their compliance needs with the help of innovative solutions such as UCC Hub  an end-to-end due diligence workflow solution for corporate transactions.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230602005054/en/,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.03,negative,0.17,0.19,0.64,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer experts', 'virtual event', 'bankruptcy', 'Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation legal experts', 'end due diligence workflow solution', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'due diligence best practices', 'Global Sales Support Manager', 'due diligence framework', 'uncertain economic times', 'turbulent economic times', 'secured creditors position', 'AmLaw 100 law firms', 'deep domain knowledge', 'legal entity compliance', 'introductory bankruptcy concepts', 'registered agent services', 'Transactional Business Consultant', 'global reach', 'global leader', 'transactional lawyers', 'Transactional Attorneys', 'Corporate Compliance', 'compliance needs', 'business deals', 'bankruptcy-related issues', 'Elina Balagula', 'Devlin Fisher', 'business climate', 'substantial increase', 'multiple sectors', 'leading provider', 'FCC) division', '350,000 small businesses', 'innovative solutions', 'UCC Hub', 'corporate transactions', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'source version', 'incorporation services', 'Fortune 500 companies', 'CLE) event', 'insights', 'Bankruptcies', 'company', 'June', 'today', 'hopes', 'Attendees', 'respect', 'debtor', 'assets', '130 years', 'part', 'Financial', '150 countries', 'More', '75 percent', '95 percent', 'help', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'information', 'software', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire', '1:00']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25708,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KITRON-ASA-1413186/news/Kitron-ASA-Initiation-of-a-share-buyback-44026512/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,Kitron ASA - Initiation of a share buyback,(marketscreener.com) Kitron ASA initiates a share buyback Kitron ASA has decided to initiate a buyback of up to 22 000 of its own shares for a total maximum amount of NOK 1 000 000. The buyback program may be carried out in the period from this announcement a…,"(2023-06-02) Kitron ASA initiates a share buyback Kitron ASA (""Kitron"" or the ""Company"") has decided to initiate a buyback of up to 22 000 of its own shares for a total maximum amount of NOK 1 000 000. The buyback program may be carried out in the period from this announcement and until 7 June 2023.The share buyback program will be carried out in accordance with the EC Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 regarding exemptions from market manipulation for share programs. The purpose of the buyback program is to acquire shares that can be used as part of the remuneration to the board members for the period from and including May 2023  and to and including April 2024  as resolved by the annual general meeting on 28 April 2023.The Company has engaged Norne Securities AS to carry out the buyback. The buybacks will be made in accordance with the authorisation granted to the board of directors by the Company's annual general meeting held on 28 April 2023. According to the authorisation  up to 19 769 105 shares may be purchased at a minimum of NOK 1 and a maximum of the prevailing market price per share on the day the offer is made  provided  however  that the maximum amount does not exceed NOK 100 per share. The authorisation is valid until the annual general meeting in 2024  however no later than 30 June 2024.All acquisitions under the buyback program will be executed on Euronext Oslo Børs. The execution of any repurchases will depend on market conditions  the buyback programme may be discontinued at any time and the Company may resolve to terminate the buyback programme before the threshold set out above is reached.Kitron does not hold any own shares in the Company as of the date of this announcement.For further information  please contact:Cathrin Nylander  CFO  tel.: +47 900 43 284E-mail: investorrelations@kitron.comKitron is a leading Scandinavian electronics manufacturing services company for the Connectivity  Electrification  Industry  Medical devices and Defence/Aerospace sectors. The group is located in Norway  Sweden  Denmark  Lithuania  Germany  Poland  the Czech Republic  India  China and the United States. Kitron has about 3 200 employees  and revenues were EUR 641 million in2022.www.kitron.com (http://www.kitron.com)This information is made public by the Company pursuant to the EU market abuse regulation article 5  as supplemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  and is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.Oslo Børs",neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['Kitron ASA', 'share buyback', 'Initiation', 'leading Scandinavian electronics manufacturing services company', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'EC Commission Delegated Regulation', 'Euronext Oslo Børs', 'EU market abuse regulation', 'Norne Securities AS', 'annual general meeting', 'prevailing market price', 'total maximum amount', 'share buyback program', 'market manipulation', 'market conditions', 'Cathrin Nylander', 'Medical devices', 'Defence/Aerospace sectors', 'Czech Republic', 'United States', 'disclosure requirements', 'buyback programme', 'The Company', 'share programs', 'board members', 'Kitron ASA', 'shares', 'NOK', 'period', 'announcement', '7 June', 'accordance', 'No.', '8 March', 'exemptions', 'purpose', 'part', 'remuneration', 'May', 'April', 'buybacks', 'authorisation', 'directors', 'minimum', 'day', 'offer', '30 June', 'acquisitions', 'execution', 'repurchases', 'time', 'threshold', 'date', 'information', 'CFO', 'tel', 'mail', 'Connectivity', 'Electrification', 'Industry', 'group', 'Norway', 'Sweden', 'Denmark', 'Lithuania', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'India', 'China', '3 200 employees', 'revenues', 'article', 'Section', '47']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25709,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EVERCORE-INC-30993/news/Luz-Saude-owner-seeks-over-330-million-in-Lisbon-IPO-sources-44028323/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,Luz Saude owner seeks over $330 million in Lisbon IPO - sources,(marketscreener.com) Fidelidade is set to raise at least 300 million euros by selling a minority stake in its healthcare arm Luz Saude  two people familiar with the matter said  in what could be Portugal's biggest initial public offering in a decade.https://w…,* Deal could happen as early as 2023* Listing would be major win for LisbonLONDON/LISBON  June 2 (Reuters) - Fidelidade is set to raise at least 300 million euros ($330 million) by selling a minority stake in its healthcare arm Luz Saude  two people familiar with the matter said  in what could be Portugal's biggest initial public offering (IPO) in a decade.The insurer  backed by China's Fosun International   is pondering whether to sell any new shares as part of the offering to help expedite Luz Saude's growth  said the people  who requested anonymity as deliberations are private.It aims to launch the IPO this year or in the first half of 2024  depending on market conditions  with Euronext Lisbon as the preferred listing venue  the people said.A deal would help to heal Europe's bruised IPO market  although rising interest rates and economic uncertainty make the path to a listing uncertain. No final decisions have been made  and plans could yet be altered or dropped  the people added.Fidelidade declined to comment. Luz Saude and Fosun did not respond to a request for comment.Reuters first reported last month that Fidelidade was sounding out banks to manage a stock market listing of Luz Saude that could value the company around 1 billion euros  despite sluggish IPO markets.The insurance group has since appointed Citigroup and UBS as global coordinators and Portugal's Caixa Banco de Investimento as joint bookrunner  the people said.It is in advanced discussions to draft local lender Millennium BCP and Germany's Hauck Aufhäuser Lampe - both also backed by Fosun - as co-lead managers  they said  adding further banks may still join the syndicate.U.S. corporate finance house Evercore is Fidelidade's financial adviser  one of the people added.Evercore and UBS declined to comment. The remaining banks did not respond to a request for comment.For Portugal  whose main bourse has not seen any new listings since 2021  a return of Luz Saude to the stock exchange would be a major win  making it the biggest domestic flotation since Correios de Portugal in 2013.Local lender Novo Banco  backed by investment manager Lone Star  has also voiced an ambition to go public in the medium term.($1 = 0.9084 euros) (Reporting by Pablo Mayo Cerqueiro in London and Sergio Goncalves in Lisbon; Additional reporting by Andres Gonzalez in London; Editing by John O'Donnell and Mark Potter),neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.05,0.82,True,English,"['Luz Saude owner', 'Lisbon IPO', 'sources', 'U.S. corporate finance house', 'local lender Millennium BCP', 'Hauck Aufhäuser Lampe', 'Local lender Novo Banco', 'Caixa Banco de Investimento', 'biggest initial public offering', 'biggest domestic flotation', 'rising interest rates', 'Pablo Mayo Cerqueiro', ""John O'Donnell"", 'preferred listing venue', 'sluggish IPO markets', 'stock market listing', 'Correios de', 'stock exchange', 'market conditions', 'listing uncertain', 'major win', 'minority stake', 'healthcare arm', 'Luz Saude', 'new shares', 'first half', 'economic uncertainty', 'final decisions', 'insurance group', 'global coordinators', 'joint bookrunner', 'advanced discussions', 'lead managers', 'financial adviser', 'main bourse', 'new listings', 'investment manager', 'Lone Star', 'medium term', 'Sergio Goncalves', 'Additional reporting', 'Andres Gonzalez', 'Mark Potter', '300 million euros', '1 billion euros', 'Fosun International', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'remaining banks', 'two people', '0.9084 euros', 'Deal', 'LONDON/LISBON', 'Reuters', 'Fidelidade', 'matter', 'Portugal', 'decade', 'insurer', 'China', 'part', 'growth', 'anonymity', 'deliberations', 'Europe', 'path', 'plans', 'request', 'comment', 'company', 'Citigroup', 'UBS', 'Germany', 'syndicate', 'Evercore', 'return', 'ambition', 'Editing']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25710,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/02/2681046/0/en/Press-release-Orange-Belgium-completes-the-acquisition-of-a-75-stake-minus-1-share-in-telco-operator-VOO-SA.html,Press release: Orange Belgium completes the acquisition of a 75% stake minus 1 share in telco operator VOO SA,Press ReleaseParis  2 June 2023  Orange Belgium completes the acquisition of a 75% stake minus 1 share in telco operator VOO SA  Orange announces today......,"English FrenchPress ReleaseParis  2 June 2023Orange Belgium completes the acquisition of a 75% stake minus 1 share in telco operator VOO SAOrange announces today that Orange Belgium has completed its acquisition of a controlling stake in telco operator  VOO SA. The closing of this deal will give Orange Belgium a 75% stake minus 1 share in VOO SA  with the remaining 25% plus one share retained by Nethys.This transaction values VOO at an enterprise value of €1.8 billion for 100% of the capital. Orange Belgium will finance this transaction through an intra-Group loan.Xavier Pichon  CEO of Orange Belgium  comments: “For decades  we developed our telecom skills and pioneering spirit to challenge the market  but as from today  we have the industrial power  tech means and commercial scale to accelerate and Lead the Future of the Belgian telco market in the interest of all consumers  employees and society in general.”Mari-Noëlle Jégo-Laveissière  CEO Orange Europe  commented: “Today’s closing of our acquisition of VOO marks an important milestone - emboldening our convergence ambitions in Belgium. Convergence in Europe has proven to be key to our leadership in Europe and demonstrates how Orange’s new strategy  Lead the Future  will continue to meet the digital needs that our customers in Europe demand”.About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with revenues of 43.5 billion euros in 2022 and 136 000 employees worldwide at 31 March 2023  including 74 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 288 million customers worldwide at 31 March 2023  including 243 million mobile customers and 24 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan ""Lead the Future""  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ""Lead the Future"" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com  www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contactsTom Wright; Orange group; tom.wright@orange.com; +33 6 78 91 35 11Vanessa Clarke; Orange group; vanessa.clarke@orange.com; +44 7818 848 848Annelore Marynissen; Orange Belgium; annelore.marynissen@orange.com; +32 (0)479 016 058Sven Adams; Orange Belgium; sven.adams@orange.com; +32 (0)486 36 47 22Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Press release', 'Orange Belgium', 'telco operator', 'acquisition', '75% stake', '1 share', 'SA', 'Mari-Noëlle Jégo-Laveissière', 'English French Press Release', 'New York Stock Exchange', '24 million fixed broadband customers', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', 'total customer base', 'leading telecommunications operators', 'new business model', 'Orange News app', 'other Orange product', '243 million mobile customers', 'Belgian telco market', '288 million customers', 'new strategy', 'telecommunication services', 'Press contacts', 'leading provider', 'telco operator', 'enterprise value', 'intra-Group loan', 'Xavier Pichon', 'telecom skills', 'pioneering spirit', 'industrial power', 'commercial scale', 'important milestone', 'digital needs', '43.5 billion euros', 'global IT', 'multinational companies', 'strategic plan', 'network excellence', 'service quality', 'symbol ORA', 'service names', 'The Group', 'Orange Business', 'Orange Belgium', 'Orange group', 'convergence ambitions', 'Euronext Paris', 'Tom Wright', 'Annelore Marynissen', 'Sven Adams', 'controlling stake', 'Orange Europe', 'Vanessa Clarke', '75% stake', '2 June', 'acquisition', '1 share', 'SA.', 'closing', 'deal', 'Nethys', 'transaction', 'capital', 'CEO', 'decades', 'today', 'means', 'Future', 'interest', 'consumers', 'employees', 'society', 'general', 'leadership', 'world', 'revenues', '31 March', 'France', '26 countries', 'February', 'responsibility', 'efficiency', 'information', 'internet', 'Twitter', 'orangegrouppr', 'material', 'trademarks', 'Attachment', '2022']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,globenewswire.com
25711,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ORANGE-4649/news/Press-release-Orange-Belgium-completes-the-acquisition-of-a-75-stake-minus-1-share-in-telco-operat-44026335/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,Press release: Orange Belgium completes the acquisition of a 75% stake minus 1 share in telco operator VOO SA,(marketscreener.com) Press ReleaseParis  2 June 2023 Orange Belgium completes the acquisition of a 75% stake minus 1 share in telco operator VOO SA Orange announces today that Orange Belgium has completed its acquisition of a controlling stake in telco operat…,"Press ReleaseParis  2 June 2023Orange Belgium completes the acquisition of a 75% stake minus 1 share in telco operator VOO SAOrange announces today that Orange Belgium has completed its acquisition of a controlling stake in telco operator  VOO SA. The closing of this deal will give Orange Belgium a 75% stake minus 1 share in VOO SA  with the remaining 25% plus one share retained by Nethys.This transaction values VOO at an enterprise value of €1.8 billion for 100% of the capital. Orange Belgium will finance this transaction through an intra-Group loan.Xavier Pichon  CEO of Orange Belgium  comments: “For decades  we developed our telecom skills and pioneering spirit to challenge the market  but as from today  we have the industrial power  tech means and commercial scale to accelerate and Lead the Future of the Belgian telco market in the interest of all consumers  employees and society in general.”Mari-Noëlle Jégo-Laveissière  CEO Orange Europe  commented: “Today’s closing of our acquisition of VOO marks an important milestone - emboldening our convergence ambitions in Belgium. Convergence in Europe has proven to be key to our leadership in Europe and demonstrates how Orange’s new strategy  Lead the Future  will continue to meet the digital needs that our customers in Europe demand”.About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with revenues of 43.5 billion euros in 2022 and 136 000 employees worldwide at 31 March 2023  including 74 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 288 million customers worldwide at 31 March 2023  including 243 million mobile customers and 24 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan ""Lead the Future""  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ""Lead the Future"" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com  www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contactsTom Wright; Orange group; tom.wright@orange.com; +33 6 78 91 35 11Vanessa Clarke; Orange group; vanessa.clarke@orange.com; +44 7818 848 848Annelore Marynissen; Orange Belgium; annelore.marynissen@orange.com; +32 (0)479 016 058Sven Adams; Orange Belgium; sven.adams@orange.com; +32 (0)486 36 47 22Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Press release', 'Orange Belgium', 'telco operator', 'acquisition', '75% stake', '1 share', 'SA', 'Mari-Noëlle Jégo-Laveissière', 'New York Stock Exchange', '24 million fixed broadband customers', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', 'total customer base', 'leading telecommunications operators', 'new business model', 'Orange News app', 'other Orange product', '243 million mobile customers', 'Belgian telco market', '288 million customers', 'new strategy', 'telecommunication services', 'leading provider', 'telco operator', 'Press Release', 'enterprise value', 'intra-Group loan', 'Xavier Pichon', 'telecom skills', 'pioneering spirit', 'industrial power', 'commercial scale', 'important milestone', 'digital needs', '43.5 billion euros', 'global IT', 'multinational companies', 'strategic plan', 'network excellence', 'service quality', 'symbol ORA', 'service names', 'Press contacts', 'The Group', 'Orange Business', 'Orange Belgium', 'Orange group', 'convergence ambitions', 'Euronext Paris', 'Tom Wright', 'Annelore Marynissen', 'Sven Adams', 'controlling stake', 'Orange Europe', 'Vanessa Clarke', '75% stake', '2 June', 'acquisition', '1 share', 'SA.', 'closing', 'deal', 'Nethys', 'transaction', 'capital', 'CEO', 'decades', 'today', 'means', 'Future', 'interest', 'consumers', 'employees', 'society', 'general', 'leadership', 'world', 'revenues', '31 March', 'France', '26 countries', 'February', 'responsibility', 'efficiency', 'information', 'internet', 'Twitter', 'material', 'trademarks', 'Attachment', '2022']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25712,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/02/2681065/0/en/Kitron-ASA-Initiation-of-a-share-buyback.html,Kitron ASA - Initiation of a share buyback,"(2023-06-02) Kitron ASA initiates a share buyback Kitron ASA (""Kitron"" or the ""Company"") has decided to initiate a buyback of up to 22 000 of its own shares for a total maximum amount of NOK 1 000 000. The buyback program may be carried out in the period from…","English Norwegian(2023-06-02) Kitron ASA initiates a share buyback Kitron ASA (""Kitron"" or the ""Company"") has decided to initiate a buyback of up to 22 000 of its own shares for a total maximum amount of NOK 1 000 000. The buyback program may be carried out in the period from this announcement and until 7 June 2023.The share buyback program will be carried out in accordance with the EC Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 regarding exemptions from market manipulation for share programs. The purpose of the buyback program is to acquire shares that can be used as part of the remuneration to the board members for the period from and including May 2023  and to and including April 2024  as resolved by the annual general meeting on 28 April 2023.The Company has engaged Norne Securities AS to carry out the buyback. The buybacks will be made in accordance with the authorisation granted to the board of directors by the Company's annual general meeting held on 28 April 2023. According to the authorisation  up to 19 769 105 shares may be purchased at a minimum of NOK 1 and a maximum of the prevailing market price per share on the day the offer is made  provided  however  that the maximum amount does not exceed NOK 100 per share. The authorisation is valid until the annual general meeting in 2024  however no later than 30 June 2024.All acquisitions under the buyback program will be executed on Euronext Oslo Børs. The execution of any repurchases will depend on market conditions  the buyback programme may be discontinued at any time and the Company may resolve to terminate the buyback programme before the threshold set out above is reached.Kitron does not hold any own shares in the Company as of the date of this announcement.For further information  please contact:Cathrin Nylander  CFO  tel.: +47 900 43 284E-mail: investorrelations@kitron.comKitron is a leading Scandinavian electronics manufacturing services company for the Connectivity  Electrification  Industry  Medical devices and Defence/Aerospace sectors. The group is located in Norway  Sweden  Denmark  Lithuania  Germany  Poland  the Czech Republic  India  China and the United States. Kitron has about 3 200 employees  and revenues were EUR 641 million in2022.www.kitron.com (http://www.kitron.com)This information is made public by the Company pursuant to the EU market abuse regulation article 5  as supplemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  and is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.Oslo Børs",neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Kitron ASA', 'share buyback', 'Initiation', 'leading Scandinavian electronics manufacturing services company', 'EC Commission Delegated Regulation', 'Euronext Oslo Børs', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'EU market abuse regulation', 'Norne Securities AS', 'annual general meeting', 'prevailing market price', 'total maximum amount', 'share buyback program', 'English Norwegian', 'market manipulation', 'market conditions', 'Cathrin Nylander', 'Medical devices', 'Defence/Aerospace sectors', 'Czech Republic', 'United States', 'disclosure requirements', 'buyback programme', 'The Company', 'share programs', 'board members', 'Kitron ASA', 'shares', 'NOK', 'period', 'announcement', '7 June', 'accordance', 'No.', '8 March', 'exemptions', 'purpose', 'part', 'remuneration', 'May', 'April', 'buybacks', 'authorisation', 'directors', 'minimum', 'day', 'offer', '30 June', 'acquisitions', 'execution', 'repurchases', 'time', 'threshold', 'date', 'information', 'CFO', 'tel', 'mail', 'Connectivity', 'Electrification', 'Industry', 'group', 'Norway', 'Sweden', 'Denmark', 'Lithuania', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'India', 'China', '3 200 employees', 'revenues', 'article', 'Section']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,globenewswire.com
25713,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/06/02/2681065/0/no/Kitron-ASA-Initiation-of-a-share-buyback.html,Kitron ASA - Initiation of a share buyback,"(2023-06-02) Kitron ASA inKitron ASA - Initiation of a share buybackitiates a share buyback Kitron ASA (""Kitron"" or the ""Company"") has decided to initiate a buyback of up to 22 000 of its own shares for a total maximum amount of NOK 1 000 000. The buyback pro…","English Norwegian(2023-06-02) Kitron ASA inKitron ASA - Initiation of a share buybackitiates a share buyback Kitron ASA (""Kitron"" or the ""Company"") has decided to initiate a buyback of up to 22 000 of its own shares for a total maximum amount of NOK 1 000 000. The buyback program may be carried out in the period from this announcement and until 7 June 2023.The share buyback program will be carried out in accordance with the EC Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 regarding exemptions from market manipulation for share programs. The purpose of the buyback program is to acquire shares that can be used as part of the remuneration to the board members for the period from and including May 2023  and to and including April 2024  as resolved by the annual general meeting on 28 April 2023.The Company has engaged Norne Securities AS to carry out the buyback. The buybacks will be made in accordance with the authorisation granted to the board of directors by the Company's annual general meeting held on 28 April 2023. According to the authorisation  up to 17 769 105 shares may be purchased at a minimum of NOK 1 and a maximum of the prevailing market price per share on the day the offer is made  provided  however  that the maximum amount does not exceed NOK 100 per share. The authorisation is valid until the annual general meeting in 2024  however no later than 30 June 2024.All acquisitions under the buyback program will be executed on Euronext Oslo Børs. The execution of any repurchases will depend on market conditions  the buyback programme may be discontinued at any time and the Company may resolve to terminate the buyback programme before the threshold set out above is reached.Kitron does not hold any own shares in the Company as of the date of this announcement.For further information  please contact:Cathrin Nylander  CFO  tel.: +47 900 43 284E-mail: investorrelations@kitron.comKitron is a leading Scandinavian electronics manufacturing services company for the Connectivity  Electrification  Industry  Medical devices and Defence/Aerospace sectors. The group is located in Norway  Sweden  Denmark  Lithuania  Germany  Poland  the Czech Republic  India  China and the United States. Kitron has about 3 200 employees  and revenues were EUR 641 million in2022.www.kitron.com (http://www.kitron.com)This information is made public by the Company pursuant to the EU market abuse regulation article 5  as supplemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  and is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.Oslo Børs",neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Kitron ASA', 'share buyback', 'Initiation', 'leading Scandinavian electronics manufacturing services company', 'EC Commission Delegated Regulation', 'Euronext Oslo Børs', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'EU market abuse regulation', 'Norne Securities AS', 'annual general meeting', 'prevailing market price', 'total maximum amount', 'share buyback program', 'English Norwegian', 'market manipulation', 'market conditions', 'Cathrin Nylander', 'Medical devices', 'Defence/Aerospace sectors', 'Czech Republic', 'United States', 'disclosure requirements', 'buyback programme', 'The Company', 'share buybackitiates', 'share programs', 'board members', 'Kitron ASA', 'Initiation', 'shares', 'NOK', 'period', 'announcement', '7 June', 'accordance', 'No.', '8 March', 'exemptions', 'purpose', 'part', 'remuneration', 'May', 'April', 'buybacks', 'authorisation', 'directors', 'minimum', 'day', 'offer', '30 June', 'acquisitions', 'execution', 'repurchases', 'time', 'threshold', 'date', 'information', 'CFO', 'tel', 'mail', 'Connectivity', 'Electrification', 'Industry', 'group', 'Norway', 'Sweden', 'Denmark', 'Lithuania', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'India', 'China', '3 200 employees', 'revenues', 'article', 'Section']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,globenewswire.com
25714,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CBO-TERRITORIA-9734884/news/Cbo-Territoria-CBo-Territoria-Closing-of-the-block-sale-of-78-housing-units-to-SHLMR-Action-44020888/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,"Cbo Territoria :  CBo Territoria: Closing of the block sale of 78 housing units to SHLMR / Action Logement in Beauséjour  And Handover of the new EPSMR (""Etablissement Public de Santé Mentale de La Réunion"") facilities.",(marketscreener.com)  Press releaseSainte-Marie  June 2nd  2023  10 :00 a.m.Closing of the block sale of 78 housing units to SHLMR / Action Logement in Beauséjour AndHandover of the new EPSMR facilities.CBo Territoria annonces today the off-plan sale t…,"Press releaseSainte-Marie  June 2nd  2023  10 :00 a.m.Closing of the block sale of 78 housing units to SHLMR / Action Logement in Beauséjour AndHandover of the new EPSMR (“Etablissement Public de Santé Mentale de La Réunion”) facilities.CBo Territoria annonces today the off-plan sale (VEFA) to SHLMR Action Logement group of the Jardin des Gardenias residence in Beauséjour Sainte-Marie  which includes 78 Intermediate Rental Housing units that will be promoted under their Dixit OI brand.This sale falls within the scope of the memorandum of understanding agreed by both parties in 2019 and underlines SHLMR / Action Logement's belief in the appealing qualities of Beauséjour as a sustainable city in a tropical setting. In accordance with CBo Territoria's Impact Péi 2030 CSR plan  special attention has been given in the works contracts in terms of social inclusion within the site teams.The “life-size” town is still growing  with 1 800 homes supplied to date and 200 under development.CBo Territoria supplies the new EPSMR headquarters in the La Mare business district  where 200 enterprises are already established. The EPSMR  a CBo Territoria tenant for over two years and currently expanding its structure  has decided to anchor its presence in La Mare by acquiring 3 100 sq. m. (floor area) in this building featuring contemporary architecture and cutting-edge environmental standards in a tropical environment (LED lighting  air treatment system using heat recovery units  etc.).Starting from September 2023  approximately 100 EPSMR employees will occupy these buildings  providing preventive care services  outpatient hospitalization  and aftercare to patients in the North health region.The La Mare business district's appeal in terms of services (quality of life at work  numerous restaurants and services  inter-company crèche  various sporting activities  Lizine coworking and event spaces  direct proximity to the tertiary and commercial centers of the North  and easy access to the motorway) was one of the criteria considered by the EPSMR's General Management in selecting this site.2023 financial calendarAnnual General Meeting: Wednesday  June 7  2023First half 2023 results: Tuesday  September 12  2023 (after trading hours)About CBo Territoria (FR0010193979  CBOT)CBo Territoria has been a major real estate operator in La Réunion for nearly 20 years and has evolved into a multi-regional property developer specializing in tertiary assets (€300.6 million at the end of December  representing 81% of total assets in value at year-end 2022). The Group is pursuing its expansion through the exploitation of its land reserves or through land acquisition  as it is involved in the full real estate value chain (property developer  property investor  and real estate company). CBo Territoria can finance its development through its activities as a residential developer (apartment buildings or sale of land plots) and  secondarily  as a service provider  as well as through the planned transfer of its residual residential properties to SHLMR.CBo Territoria is a real estate investment firm listed on Euronext Paris (compartment “C”) that is qualified for the PEA PME finance program (small and medium-sized enterprises).Responsible and committed to a more sustainable real estate since its inception  CBo Territoria has been in the Top 10 of compartment “C” of the Gaïa-Index for the past 6 years  a French benchmark index of the most virtuous small and medium-sized companies in terms of CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility).More information on cboterritoria.comINVESTORS ContactsCaroline Clapier – Director of Finance and Administration - direction@cboterritoria.comAgnès Villeret - Komodo - Tel.: 06 83 28 04 15 - agnes.villeret@agence-komodo.comPRESS ContactsFinance: Agnès Villeret - agnes.villeret@agence-komodo.comCorporate - Paris: Dina Morin - dmorin@capvalue.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mplyk5pqZWmZm55rl5iZbpZla5hpx5PHmWadyGdtYsuWbJpolWlnbcmWZnFhl2Zr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/80215-230602-cbot_-communique-de-presse_ang.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Etablissement Public de', 'La Réunion', 'Cbo Territoria', 'block sale', '78 housing units', 'Action Logement', 'Beauséjour', 'new EPSMR', 'Santé Mentale', 'SHLMR', 'Handover', 'facilities', '2023 financial calendar Annual General Meeting', 'Impact Péi 2030 CSR plan', 'full real estate value chain', 'Jardin des Gardenias residence', 'major real estate operator', 'real estate investment firm', 'PEA PME finance program', '78 Intermediate Rental Housing units', 'La Mare business district', 'sustainable real estate', 'SHLMR Action Logement group', 'real estate company', 'Etablissement Public de', 'La Réunion', 'Dixit OI brand', 'cutting-edge environmental standards', 'air treatment system', 'heat recovery units', 'inter-company crèche', 'First half 2023 results', 'French benchmark index', 'residual residential properties', 'The La Mare', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'North health region', 'various sporting activities', 'Agnès Villeret', 'PRESS Contacts Finance', 'multi-regional property developer', 'preventive care services', 'new EPSMR headquarters', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', 'CBo Territoria tenant', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Beauséjour Sainte-Marie', '78 housing units', 'General Management', 'The Group', 'plan sale', 'residential developer', 'sustainable city', 'social inclusion', 'INVESTORS Contacts', 'other releases', 'The EPSMR', 'property investor', 'Santé Mentale', 'appealing qualities', 'tropical setting', 'special attention', 'works contracts', 'life-size” town', 'floor area', 'contemporary architecture', 'tropical environment', 'LED lighting', '100 EPSMR employees', 'outpatient hospitalization', 'numerous restaurants', 'event spaces', 'direct proximity', 'commercial centers', 'easy access', 'trading hours', 'total assets', 'land reserves', 'land acquisition', 'land plots', 'service provider', 'Gaïa-Index', 'medium-sized companies', 'More information', 'Caroline Clapier', 'Dina Morin', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'two years', 'past 6 years', 'block sale', 'site teams', 'tertiary assets', 'apartment buildings', 'Euronext Paris', 'medium-sized enterprises', 'virtuous small', '20 years', '200 enterprises', 'June', '10 :00 a', 'Closing', 'Handover', 'facilities', 'VEFA', 'scope', 'memorandum', 'understanding', 'parties', 'belief', 'accordance', 'terms', '1,800 homes', 'date', 'development', 'structure', 'presence', '3,100 sq', 'September', 'aftercare', 'patients', 'quality', 'Lizine', 'coworking', 'motorway', 'criteria', 'Wednesday', 'Tuesday', 'CBOT', 'December', 'year-end', 'expansion', 'exploitation', 'transfer', 'compartment', 'inception', 'Top', 'Director', 'Administration', 'Komodo', 'Tel.', 'agnes', 'agence', 'capvalue', 'publication', 'PDF', 'presse', 'email', '06']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25715,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SRP-GROUPE-24530545/news/Srp-Groupe-INCREASE-IN-THE-RESOURCES-ALLOCATED-TO-THE-LIQUIDITY-CONTRACT-WITH-ODDO-BHF-SCA-44029215/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,Srp Groupe :  INCREASE IN THE RESOURCES ALLOCATED TO THE LIQUIDITY CONTRACT WITH ODDO BHF SCA,(marketscreener.com)  La Plaine Saint Denis  June 2  2023 – Showroomprivé   a European group specializing in smart shopping  announces that it has increased the resources granted to Oddo BHF SCA under its annual liquidity contract. This increase is intended…,"La Plaine Saint Denis  June 2  2023 – Showroomprivé (SRP Group)  a European group specializing in smart shopping  announces that it has increased the resources granted to Oddo BHF SCA under its annual liquidity contract. This increase is intended to ensure greater liquidity for the stock and to avoid any price shifts that are not justified beyond market trends.In accordance with the provisions of Article 4 of AMF Decision No. 2021-01 of June 22  2021 (the ""AMF Decision"")  Showroomprivé has today increased by €475 000 the resources allocated to the implementation of the liquidity contract entrusted to Oddo BHF SCA.After this increase in the cash amount allocated to the liquidity contract  the available resources are as follows:- 352 578 (three hundred and fifty-two thousand five hundred and seventy-eight) shares- 498 527.54 (four hundred and ninety-eight thousand five hundred and twenty-seven point fifty-four) eurosThe €475 000 increase in the resources allocated to the liquidity contract is significant and is close to the ceiling authorised by the AMF  in accordance with the current regulations.Upcoming informationH1 2023 revenue: July 26  2023FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains only summary information and is not intended to be comprehensive.This press release may contain forward-looking information and statements about the Group and its subsidiaries. These statements include financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives and expectations with respect to future operations  products and services  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the words ""believe "" ""expect "" ""anticipate "" ""goal"" or similar expressions. Although the Group appreciates that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors and the Group's shareholders are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of the Group  which could cause actual results and developments to differ materially and adversely from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include those discussed or identified in filings with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (France's financial markets authority) made or to be made by the Group (particularly those detailed in Chapter 4 of the Company's registration document). The Group makes no commitment to publicly update its forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.About showroompriveShowroomprivé is an innovative European player in the online private sales industry  specialized in fashion. Showroomprivé offers a daily selection of more than 3 000 brand partners via its mobile apps or website in France and six other countries. Since its launch in 2006  the company has enjoyed rapid growth.Showroomprivé is listed on Euronext Paris (code: SRP) and reported GMV of almost €950 million incl. VAT in 2022  and net revenue of €657 million. The Group is headed by David Dayan  the co-founder  and employs over 1 000 people.For more information: http://showroomprivegroup.comContactsShowroomprivé NewCap Sylvie Chan Diaz  Investor Relations investor.relations@showroomprive.net Financial communicationsThéo Martin  Louis-Victor Delouvrier Anne-Charlotte Neau Julliardanne-charlotte.neau-juillard@showroomprive.net Financial media relationsGaelle Fromaigeat  Nicolas MerigeauThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lnCakcVnZmualZ1pZZaWamOVbGqTmWTGl5TJk2OZlsvGaG+Sm5dhbJacZnFhl2tm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares:- Information relating to the liquidity contract Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/80260-en-press-release-increase-liquidity-contract-02.06.23.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,negative,0.01,0.12,0.87,True,English,"['ODDO BHF SCA', 'Srp Groupe', 'LIQUIDITY CONTRACT', 'INCREASE', 'RESOURCES', 'La Plaine Saint Denis', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'online private sales industry', 'two thousand five hundred', 'Oddo BHF SCA', 'six other countries', 'Sylvie Chan Diaz', 'Théo Martin', 'Anne-Charlotte Neau Julliard', 'financial markets authority', 'innovative European player', 'next press releases', 'Financial media relations', 'original press release', 'annual liquidity contract', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'financial projections', 'Investor Relations', 'Financial communications', 'greater liquidity', 'smart shopping', 'price shifts', 'market trends', 'cash amount', 'current regulations', 'H1 2023 revenue', 'underlying assumptions', 'future operations', 'future performance', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'registration document', 'future events', 'daily selection', '3,000 brand partners', 'mobile apps', 'rapid growth', 'Euronext Paris', 'net revenue', 'David Dayan', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier', 'Gaelle Fromaigeat', 'Nicolas Merigeau', 'European group', 'Upcoming information', 'summary information', 'forward-looking information', 'new information', 'Regulated information', 'AMF Decision', 'numerous risks', 'The Group', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'available resources', 'Showroomprivé NewCap', 'SRP Group', 'increase', 'stock', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Article', 'June', 'implementation', 'fifty', 'eight', 'shares', 'ceiling', 'July', 'subsidiaries', 'estimates', 'plans', 'objectives', 'expectations', 'respect', 'products', 'services', 'words', 'reasonable', 'investors', 'shareholders', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'developments', 'filings', 'France', 'Chapter', 'Company', 'commitment', 'showroomprive', 'fashion', 'website', 'launch', 'code', 'GMV', 'founder', '1,000 people', 'Contacts', 'neau-juillard', 'publication', 'Acquisition', 'disposal', 'issuer', 'Full', 'PDF', 'press-release', 'email']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25716,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-44020727/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 01 Jun 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7857 £ 23.7090 Estimated MTD return 0.12 % 0.13 % Estimated YTD return -3.54 % -2.94 % Estimated ITD return 167.86 % 137.09 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.11 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.86 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.0851 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.5856The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', '01 Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25717,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-44020726/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 01 Jun 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7857 £ 23.7090 Estimated MTD return 0.12 % 0.13 % Estimated YTD return -3.54 % -2.94 % Estimated ITD return 167.86 % 137.09 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.11 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.86 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.0851 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.5856The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', '01 Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25718,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DON-T-NOD-ENTERTAINMENT-43444427/news/Don-t-Nod-Entertainment-DON-T-NOD-wins-the-call-for-projects-La-grande-fabrique-de-l-image-o-44020743/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,"Don't Nod Entertainment :  DON'T NOD wins the call for projects ""La grande fabrique de l'image"" of France 2030",(marketscreener.com)  Paris  June 2  2023 - DON'T NOD  an independent French studio that creates  develops  and publishes video games  is delighted to announce that its Plume 2030 project is a winner of the France 2030 “La grande fabrique de l'image” [The G…,"Paris  June 2  2023 - DON'T NOD  an independent French studio that creates  develops  and publishes video games  is delighted to announce that its Plume 2030 project is a winner of the France 2030 “La grande fabrique de l'image” [The Great Image Factory] call for projects. The core feature of the project is an innovative creation software based on the studio's expertise  incorporating the latest AI technology and tailored to the specific requirements of video games comprising a strong narrative component based on branching stories.By perfecting its creative toolkit and incorporating the new AI technologies  the studio will first boost its productivity in terms of market-leading narrative video games with strong and meaningful universes. The solution is designed to automate the generation of entire scenes involving characters  environments  and branching dialogs. The software platform will consist of applications previously developed by the studio  including the Plume non-linear narration editor  the Dialog Sequence Generator (DSG)  and the Biome Generator System (BGS).Then  by developing future versions of the solution for use by third-party studios and training organizations (video game graduate schools  universities  etc.)  DON'T NOD will provide the entire video game ecosystem with a solution based on its own expertise.“We are absolutely delighted that our project was selected by France 2030 “La grande fabrique de l'image”. This victory is a further sign of recognition for our expertise that will allow us  not only to fund a significant part of the development of our video game creation solution  but also to offer a platform capable of rallying together other creators of immersive stories and future talent.” Oskar Guilbert  DON'T NOD Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.About DON'T NODDON'T NOD is an independent French publisher and developer  based in Paris and Montreal  creating original narrative games in the adventure (LIFE is STRANGETM  TELL ME WHYTM  TWIN MIRRORTM)  RPG (VAMPYRTM)  and action (REMEMBER METM) genres. The studio is internationally renowned for unique narrative experiences with engaging stories and characters  and has worked with industry leading publishers Square Enix  Microsoft  Bandai Namco Entertainment  Focus Entertainment  and Capcom. DON'T NOD creates and publishes its own IPs developed in-house  as well as using its knowledge and experience to collaborate with third-party developers whose editorial visions parallel the company's own.Step into the studio's immersive and innovative universe at dont-nod.comDON'T NOD (ISIN code: FR0013331212 - ALDNE) is listed on Euronext Growth ParisDON'T NODOskar GuilbertChief Executive OfficerBenoît Gisbert MoraChief Financial Officerinvest@dont-nod.com ACTUS finance & communicationCorinne PuissantAnalyst/Investor relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 77 - dontnod@actus.frAnne-Catherine BonjourPress relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 93 - acbonjour@actus.frA propos de France 2030Traduit une double ambition : transformer durablement des secteurs clefs de notre économie (énergie  automobile  santé  aéronautique ou encore espace) par l'innovation technologique et industrielle  et positionner la France non pas seulement en acteur  mais bien en leader du monde de demain. De la recherche fondamentale  à l'émergence d'une idée jusqu'à la production d'un produit ou service nouveau  France 2030 soutient tout le cycle de vie de l'innovation jusqu'à son industrialisation.Est inédit par son ampleur : 54 Md€ seront investis pour que nos entreprises  nos universités  nos organismes de recherche  réussissent pleinement leurs transitions dans ces filières stratégiques. L'enjeu : leur permettre de répondre de manière compétitive aux enjeux écologiques et d'attractivité du monde qui vient  et faire émerger les futurs champions de nos filières d'excellence pour ainsi renforcer la souveraineté et l'indépendance française dans des secteurs clés. 50 % des dépenses seront en ce sens consacrées à la décarbonation de l'économie  et 50% fléchées au profit d'acteurs émergents  porteurs d'innovation sans impact défavorable sur l'environnement (au sens du principe Do No Significant Harm).Sera mis en œuvre collectivement : le plan est pensé et déployé en concertation avec les acteurs économiques  académiques  locaux et européens qui ont contribué à en déterminer les orientations stratégiques comme les actions phares. Les porteurs de projets sont invités à déposer leur dossier via des procédures ouvertes  exigeantes et sélectives pour bénéficier de l'accompagnement de l'État.Est piloté par le Secrétariat général pour l'investissement pour le compte de la Première ministre et mis en œuvre par l'Agence de la transition écologique (ADEME)  l'Agence nationale de la recherche (ANR)  Bpifrance et la Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations (CDC).Plus d'informations sur : france2030.gouv.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nGxtZZWal2zJnmtyZZiWmZZjbmtnmZaXbGLJl5acaMrKcJ2Vypplm5aVZnFhl2lm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/80240-20230602_cp_dne_france_2030_vdef_vuk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.67,0.21,0.12,True,English,"['La grande fabrique', 'Entertainment', 'DON', 'NOD', 'call', 'projects', 'image', 'France', 'Secrétariat général', 'video game graduate schools', 'Benoît Gisbert Mora', 'Plume non-linear narration editor', 'entire video game ecosystem', 'The Great Image Factory', 'market-leading narrative video games', 'filières stratégiques', 'video game creation solution', ""DON'T NOD Chairman"", 'orientations stratégiques', 'unique narrative experiences', 'latest AI technology', 'new AI technologies', 'Dialog Sequence Generator', 'Biome Generator System', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'independent French publisher', 'original narrative games', 'TELL ME WHYTM', 'industry leading publishers', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'innovative creation software', 'Bandai Namco Entertainment', 'Première ministre', 'Dépôts', 'strong narrative component', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'independent French studio', 'entire scenes', 'Focus Entertainment', 'innovative universe', 'manière', 'dépenses', 'décarbonation', 'Plume 2030 project', 'grande fabrique', 'core feature', 'specific requirements', 'branching stories', 'creative toolkit', 'meaningful universes', 'software platform', 'future versions', 'third-party studios', 'training organizations', 'significant part', 'other creators', 'future talent', 'Oskar Guilbert', 'TWIN MIRRORTM', 'REMEMBER METM', 'engaging stories', 'Square Enix', 'third-party developers', 'editorial visions', 'ISIN code', 'Investor relations', 'Anne-Catherine Bonjour', 'Press relations', 'double ambition', 'idée', 'universités', 'organismes de', 'futurs champions', 'indépendance', 'française', 'clés', 'Significant Harm', 'académiques', 'européens', 'procédures', 'transition écologique', 'Caisse des', 'immersive stories', 'Agence nationale', 'ACTUS finance', 'innovation technologique', 'recherche fondamentale', 'winner', 'France', 'projects', 'expertise', 'productivity', 'terms', 'generation', 'characters', 'environments', 'dialogs', 'applications', 'DSG', 'BGS', 'use', 'universities', 'victory', 'recognition', 'development', 'Montreal', 'adventure', 'LIFE', 'STRANGETM', 'RPG', 'VAMPYRTM', 'action', 'genres', 'Microsoft', 'Capcom', 'IPs', 'knowledge', 'company', 'ALDNE', 'communication', 'Tel.', 'acbonjour', 'secteurs', 'clefs', 'économie', 'énergie', 'automobile', 'santé', 'espace', 'industrielle', 'acteur', 'leader', 'monde', 'demain', 'émergence', 'production', 'produit', 'service', 'cycle', 'vie', 'industrialisation', 'ampleur', '54 Md€', 'entreprises', 'transitions', 'enjeu', 'écologiques', 'attractivité', 'excellence', 'souveraineté', 'sens', 'profit', 'émergents', 'impact', 'environnement', 'principe', 'œuvre', 'plan', 'concertation', 'économiques', 'phares', 'porteurs', 'projets', 'dossier', 'accompagnement', 'État', 'investissement', 'compte', 'ADEME', 'ANR', 'Consignations', 'CDC', 'informations', 'publication', '1']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25719,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/Boussard-Gavaudan-Monthly-Report-Share-Buy-Back-May-2023-44022354/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,Boussard & Gavaudan : Monthly Report Share Buy Back May 2023,(marketscreener.com)    BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   May 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT1   The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market …,"1 This report includes the transactions conducted by both BGHL  for the share buy back programme and Exane  for the Liquidity Enhancement Agreement.The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares  it repurchased 0 Euro shares in May 2023.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor Boussard & Gavaudan Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securiti es Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.24,0.76,True,English,"['Report Share', 'Boussard', 'Gavaudan', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Fund Plc', 'Securiti es Act', 'Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'general authority', 'share buy', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'market purchases', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'The Shares', 'Ordinary shares', '0 Euro shares', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'report', 'transactions', 'BGHL', 'programme', 'Exane', 'article', 'conjunction', 'shareholders', '28 May', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Boussard', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25720,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AEGON-N-V-6275/news/Aegon-completes-share-buyback-44028677/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,Aegon completes share buyback,(marketscreener.com) The Hague  June 2  2023 - Aegon has completed its share buyback program  announced on February 9  2023  aimed at returning EUR 200 million of surplus cash capital to shareholders. Between February 10  2023 and June 2  2023  common shares …,The Hague  June 2  2023 - Aegon has completed its share buyback program  announced on February 9  2023  aimed at returning EUR 200 million of surplus cash capital to shareholders.Between February 10  2023 and June 2  2023  common shares for an amount of EUR 200 million were repurchased. A total of 46 797 567 common shares were repurchased at an average price of EUR 4.2737 per share. Aegon intends to propose at its next Annual General Meeting of shareholders to cancel these repurchased shares.For further details visit our share buyback updates page at aegon.com.About AegonAegon is an integrated  diversified  international financial services group. The company offers investment  protection  and retirement solutions  with a strategic focus on three core markets (the United States  the United Kingdom  and the Netherlands)  three growth markets (Spain & Portugal  Brazil  and China)  and one global asset manager. Aegon's purpose of Helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a leading global investor and employer  the company seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues  with a focus on climate change and inclusion & diversity. Aegon is headquartered in The Hague  the Netherlands  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com.Contacts Media relations Investor relations Carolien van der Giessen Jan Willem Weidema+31(0) 6 1195 3367 +31(0) 70 344 8028 carolien.vandergiessen@aegon.comjanwillem.weidema@aegon.comForward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:Unexpected delays  difficulties  and expenses in executing against our environmental  climate  diversity and inclusion or other “ESG” targets  goals and commitments  and changes in laws or regulations affecting us  such as changes in data privacy  environmental  safety and health laws;Changes in general economic and/or governmental conditions  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Civil unrest  (geo-) political tensions  military action or other instability in a country or geographic region;Changes in the performance of financial markets  including emerging markets  such as with regard to: The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in Aegon’s fixed income investment portfolios; The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities Aegon holds; The effects of declining creditworthiness of certain public sector securities and the resulting decline in the value of government exposure that Aegon holds; The impact from volatility in credit  equity  and interest rates;Changes in the performance of Aegon’s investment portfolio and decline in ratings of Aegon’s counterparties;Lowering of one or more of Aegon’s debt ratings issued by recognized rating organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on Aegon’s ability to raise capital and on its liquidity and financial condition;Lowering of one or more of insurer financial strength ratings of Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the written premium  policy retention  profitability and liquidity of its insurance subsidiaries;The effect of the European Union’s Solvency II requirements and other regulations in other jurisdictions affecting the capital Aegon is required to maintain;Changes affecting interest rate levels and low or rapidly changing interest rate levels;Changes affecting currency exchange rates  in particular the EUR/USD and EUR/GBP exchange rates;Changes affecting inflation levels  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Changes in the availability of  and costs associated with  liquidity sources such as bank and capital markets funding  as well as conditions in the credit markets in general such as changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness;Increasing levels of competition  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and emerging markets;Catastrophic events  either manmade or by nature  including by way of example acts of God  acts of terrorism  acts of war and pandemics  could result in material losses and significantly interrupt Aegon’s business;The frequency and severity of insured loss events;Changes affecting longevity  mortality  morbidity  persistence and other factors that may impact the profitability of Aegon’s insurance products;Aegon’s projected results are highly sensitive to complex mathematical models of financial markets  mortality  longevity  and other dynamic systems subject to shocks and unpredictable volatility. Should assumptions to these models later prove incorrect  or should errors in those models escape the controls in place to detect them  future performance will vary from projected results;Reinsurers to whom Aegon has ceded significant underwriting risks may fail to meet their obligations;Changes in customer behavior and public opinion in general related to  among other things  the type of products Aegon sells  including legal  regulatory or commercial necessity to meet changing customer expectations;Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution channels;As Aegon’s operations support complex transactions and are highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology  operational risks such as system disruptions or failures  security or data privacy breaches  cyberattacks  human error  failure to safeguard personally identifiable information  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including with respect to third parties with which we do business may disrupt Aegon’s business  damage its reputation and adversely affect its results of operations  financial condition and cash flows;The impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  product withdrawals and other unusual items  including Aegon’s ability to complete  or obtain regulatory approval for  acquisitions and divestitures  integrate acquisitions  and realize anticipated results  and its ability to separate businesses as part of divestitures;Aegon’s failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational efficiencies  as well as other management initiatives related to cost savings  Cash Capital at Holding  gross financial leverage and free cash flow;Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments;Litigation or regulatory action that could require Aegon to pay significant damages or change the way Aegon does business;Competitive  legal  regulatory  or tax changes that affect profitability  the distribution cost of or demand for Aegon’s products;Consequences of an actual or potential break-up of the European monetary union in whole or in part  or the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union and potential consequences if other European Union countries leave the European Union;Changes in laws and regulations  particularly those affecting Aegon’s operations’ ability to hire and retain key personnel  taxation of Aegon companies  the products Aegon sells  and the attractiveness of certain products to its consumers;Regulatory changes relating to the pensions  investment  and insurance industries in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates;Standard setting initiatives of supranational standard setting bodies such as the Financial Stability Board and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors or changes to such standards that may have an impact on regional (such as EU)  national or US federal or state level financial regulation or the application thereof to Aegon  including the designation of Aegon by the Financial Stability Board as a Global Systemically Important Insurer (G-SII);Changes in accounting regulations and policies or a change by Aegon in applying such regulations and policies  voluntarily or otherwise  which may affect Aegon’s reported results  shareholders’ equity or regulatory capital adequacy levels;Changes in ESG standards and requirements  or Aegon’s ability to meet its sustainability and ESG-related goals  or related public expectations; andWe may also rely on third-party information in certain of our disclosures  which may change over time as methodologies and data availability and quality continue to evolve. These factors  as well as any inaccuracies in third-party information we use  including in estimates or assumptions  may cause results to differ materially and adversely from statements  estimates  and beliefs made by us or third-parties. Moreover  our disclosures based on any standards may change due to revisions in framework requirements  availability of information  changes in our business or applicable governmental policies  or other factors  some of which may be beyond our control. Additionally  we may provide information that is not necessarily material for SEC reporting purposes but that is informed by various ESG standards and frameworks (including standards for the measurement of underlying data)  internal controls  and assumptions or third-party information that are still evolving and subject to change.This document contains information that qualifies  or may qualify  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014). Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are described in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Attachment,neutral,0.37,0.62,0.01,mixed,0.09,0.15,0.76,True,English,"['share buyback', 'Aegon', 'US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'integrated, diversified, international financial services group', 'one global asset manager', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Media relations Investor relations', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'fixed income investment portfolios', 'Carolien van der Giessen', 'share buyback updates page', 'insurer financial strength ratings', 'leading global investor', 'public sector securities', 'share buyback program', 'Jan Willem Weidema', 'recognized rating organizations', 'Solvency II requirements', 'currency exchange rates', 'interest rate levels', 'three core markets', 'three growth markets', 'surplus cash capital', 'other “ESG” targets', 'debt securities', 'financial markets', 'interest rates', 'financial prospects', 'general economic', 'financial condition', 'social targets', 'emerging markets', 'debt ratings', 'other events', 'other instability', 'other jurisdictions', 'The Hague', 'average price', 'retirement solutions', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'best lives', 'societal issues', 'climate change', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'economic conditions', 'future events', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'Unexpected delays', 'data privacy', 'governmental conditions', 'Civil unrest', 'geographic region', 'corporate bankruptcies', 'accounting restatements', 'government exposure', 'insurance subsidiaries', 'policy retention', 'European Union', 'positive impact', 'adverse impact', 'other regulations', 'common shares', 'resulting decline', 'Forward-looking statements', 'strategic focus', 'More information', 'various risks', 'Such risks', 'health laws', 'critical environmental', 'future performance', 'military action', 'capital Aegon', 'company expectations', 'February', 'shareholders', 'June', 'amount', 'total', 'details', 'protection', 'Netherlands', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'Brazil', 'China', 'purpose', 'people', 'activities', 'employer', 'inclusion', 'diversity', 'Contacts', 'vandergiessen', 'janwillem', 'document', 'words', 'project', 'plan', 'goal', 'trends', 'uncertainties', 'addition', 'sustainability', 'commitments', 'efforts', 'circumstances', 'guarantees', 'assumptions', 'obligation', 'duty', 'Readers', 'time', 'writing', 'changes', 'difficulties', 'expenses', 'safety', 'country', 'regard', 'frequency', 'severity', 'defaults', 'issuers', 'effects', 'value', 'equity', 'declining', 'creditworthiness', 'volatility', 'counterparties', 'Lowering', 'liquidity', 'premium', 'profitability']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25721,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/06/02/ardaghs-main-shareholder-sells-quarter-of-53m-stake-in-riskiest-bonds/,Ardagh’s main shareholder sells quarter of €53m stake in riskiest bonds,Paul Coulson takes advantage of a rally in market value,Paul Coulson  executive chairman and the main shareholder in Ardagh Group  sold €7 million of so-called toggle bonds  which allow the company to defer cash interest payments. Photograph: Alan BetsonArdagh Group’s executive chairman and main shareholder  Paul Coulson  has sold a quarter of his investment in €52.7 million worth of the glass and metal container company’s riskiest bonds  breaking even on notes he snapped up at a discount a year ago.The Irish businessman took advantage of a rally in the market value of the notes so far this year from their lows in late 2022 to reduce his exposure.Mr Coulson sold €7 million of so-called toggle bonds  which allow the company to defer cash interest payments if it needs to  at 75.7 per cent of their par value on May 26th  according to filings in recent days with Euronext Dublin. He continues to hold such notes with a €13 million nominal principal amount.Meanwhile  Mr Coulson sold $7 million (€6.53 million) of dollar-denominated 2027 toggle bonds between May 25th and 26th at 76.5 per cent of their nominal value. He still owns $28 million of such notes  according to filings.READ MORE[ Ardagh full-year underlying earnings fall amid rising costs and dollar ][ US regulator moves against Ardagh over non-compete restrictions ]The prices he received for the bonds were in line with what he paid to acquire them last June. The discounted rates reflected how bond prices globally have fallen sharply since early last year  as investors bet on the pace of central bank rate hikes to rein in inflation  and reassessed their view about the company’s creditworthiness. Bond prices and yields have an inverse relationship.Mr Coulson made the purchases less than two week after Fitch  one of the world’s leading credit ratings agencies  downgraded its stance on toggle notes to CCC  which is described as a highly speculative investment. The notes were technically issued by ARD Finance  a holding company in the group’s complicated corporate structure.Still  the notes have rallied off their lows of last December  when they were trading at less than 67 cents on the dollar.ARD Finance is ultimately responsible for almost $11.6 billion of net borrowings of the wider group  according to the group’s latest financials for the quarter to the end of March. That is the equivalent of 8.1 times its earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortisation (ebitda) for the previous 12 months  making it a highly leveraged group at a time of rising interest rates.However  most of the company’s debt is on fixed rates out to 2026 and Mr Coulson said in February that the group’s main focus over the coming years was to “significantly reduce” its debt burden. This will be mainly by growing earnings and using some of the cash being generated by the business to pay down borrowings.Mr Coulson has a 36 per cent equity interest in the ultimate holding company behind Ardagh through direct and indirect stakes.,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,mixed,0.11,0.16,0.73,True,English,"['main shareholder', '€53m stake', 'riskiest bonds', 'Ardagh', 'quarter', 'central bank rate hikes', 'leading credit ratings agencies', '€13 million nominal principal amount', 'Ardagh full-year underlying earnings', '36 per cent equity interest', 'complicated corporate structure', 'early last year', 'cash interest payments', 'metal container company', 'dollar-denominated 2027 toggle bonds', 'rising interest rates', 'ultimate holding company', '75.7 per cent', '76.5 per cent', '€52.7 million worth', 'nominal value', 'rising costs', 'last December', 'growing earnings', 'Paul Coulson', 'executive chairman', 'main shareholder', 'Alan Betson', 'riskiest bonds', 'Irish businessman', 'market value', 'Mr Coulson', 'par value', 'recent days', 'Euronext Dublin', 'US regulator', 'compete restrictions', 'discounted rates', 'inverse relationship', 'latest financials', 'previous 12 months', 'main focus', 'coming years', 'indirect stakes', 'bond prices', 'speculative investment', 'net borrowings', 'debt burden', 'Ardagh Group', 'wider group', 'Photograph', 'quarter', 'glass', 'notes', 'advantage', 'rally', 'lows', 'exposure', 'May', 'filings', 'READ', 'line', 'investors', 'pace', 'inflation', 'view', 'creditworthiness', 'yields', 'purchases', 'Fitch', 'world', 'stance', 'CCC', 'Finance', 'less', '67 cents', 'end', 'March', 'equivalent', '8.1 times', 'tax', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', 'February', 'down']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,irishtimes.com
25722,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COLRUYT-N-V-5976/news/Colruyt-N-Group-completes-the-sale-of-DATS-24-to-Virya-Energy-44022111/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230602,Colruyt N : Group completes the sale of DATS 24 to Virya Energy,(marketscreener.com) 2 June 2023    Colruyt Group completes the sale of DATS 24 to Virya Energy   Colruyt Group and Virya Energy have reached an agreement to fully integrate DATS 24 NV into the energy holding company Virya Energy.   In light of the r…,"PRESS RELEASE - Halle (Belgium) - 2 June 2023 (8h15 CET) Colruyt Group completes the sale of DATS 24 to Virya Energy Colruyt Group and Virya Energy have reached an agreement to fully integrate DATS 24 NV (""DATS 24"") into the energy holding company Virya Energy. In light of the rapid greening of the energy market  Virya Energy will boost its clout by joining forces and expertise with DATS 24. This fits with Colruyt Group's long-term strategy  one of the pillars of which is 'Energy'  which focuses on green  renewable and 'fit-for-purpose' energy. Joining forces and expertise On 25 October 2022Colruyt Group announced its intention to bring together the energy activities of DATS 24 and Virya Energy. This transaction has been finalised. Virya Energy and DATS 24 complement each other across the entire energy value chain; from development  financing  and construction of energy production projects  to their operation and maintenance  to energy supply and service offering. Awareness regarding the energy transition has increased significantly among consumers  families and companies. In view of this rapidly changing energy market and increasing attention to sustainable energy  both parties will be able to combine their energy expertise and reinforce one another throughout the entire energy value chain. Colruyt Group aims to provide its customers with a sustainable offering in four areas of expertise  of which 'Energy' is one. The bundling of all energy activities into Virya Energy thus also fits into that context. DATS 24 will continue to be part of Colruyt Group's Xtra app ecosystem. The transaction The transaction is based on an enterprise value of EUR 56 million  plus a potential earn-out consideration of up to EUR 11 million. Arm's length principles were applied for the valuation. Following this transaction  Colruyt Group's cash flow statement is expected to include a cash inflow of approximately the same order of magnitude (inter alia after settlement of intragroup positions and net of cash and cash equivalents disposed of  which in total are estimated at approximately EUR 25 million - based on preliminary figures per 31 March 2023). Furthermore  this transaction is expected to result in a limited one-off impact on the net result of the financial year 2023/24. Both are subject to the customary post-closing purchase price adjustments. Additionally  certain assets have been transferred from Colruyt Group for a total of EUR 6 million. Arm's length principles were applied for the valuation. As of June 2023  DATS 24 will no longer be fully consolidated by Colruyt Group  but by Virya Energy. This means that as of June 2023  the results of DATS 24 will be accounted for in Colruyt Group's consolidated figures via Virya Energy using the equity method. The fuel distribution activities in France are inseparably connected to  and therefore an integral part of  the stores in France and are not included in the above transaction. The necessary measures have been taken in view of the conflict of interest rules. The public announcement in accordance with article 7:97  §4/1 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code regarding the disposal of DATS 24 Belgium to Virya Energy  can be found on the next page. Contact details For questions on this press release or for further information  please send an email to investor@colruytgroup.com or debt.investors@colruytgroup.com (specifically for debt investors). Colruyt Group completes the sale of DATS 24 to Virya Energy - Public announcement in accordance with article 7:97  §4/1 of the Belgian CAC page 1 / 5 https://www.colruytgroup.com/wps/portal/cg/en/home/investorsPRESS RELEASE - Halle (Belgium) - 2 June 2023 (8h15 CET) About Colruyt Group Colruyt Group operates in the food and non-food distribution sector in Belgium  France and Luxembourg with more than 700 own stores and over 580 affiliated stores. In Belgium  this includes Colruyt Lowest Prices  OKay  Bio-Planet  Cru  Dreamland  Dreambaby  Bike Republic  ZEB  PointCarré  The Fashion Store and the affiliated stores Spar and PointCarré. In France  in addition to Colruyt stores  there are also affiliated Coccinelle  Coccimarket  Panier Sympa and PointCarré stores. JIMS operates fitness clubs in Belgium and Luxembourg. Solucious and Culinoa deliver food service and retail products to professional customers in Belgium (hospitals  SMEs  hospitality sector  etc.). The activities of Colruyt Group also comprise energy supply by DATS 24 in Belgium (fuels  natural gas and green energy) and France (fuels)  and printing and document management solutions (Symeta Hybrid). The group employs nearly 33.000 employees and recorded a EUR 10 0 billion revenue in 2021/22. Etn. Fr. Colruyt NV is listed on Euronext Brussels (COLR) under ISIN code BE0974256852. About DATS 24 DATS 24 is Colruyt Group's fuel specialist and has a network of 144 filling stations throughout Belgium. Customers are able to fill up with traditional as well as alternative fuels: petrol and diesel  but also CNG (compressed natural gas)  electricity and hydrogen. 75% of its fuel stations are located on a site of one or several Colruyt Group store formulas. DATS 24 is the largest supplier of natural gas for vehicles in Belgium and pioneers with green hydrogen. Eighty-five filling stations are equipped with a CNG pump and one station also allows individuals to fill up with hydrogen and recharge quickly. Meanwhile  it also has electric charging posts in more than 150 locations. In 2020  DATS 24 started rolling out AdBlue in part of its filling stations. Thanks to its rigorous environmental policy  the fuel specialist has been complying with the strict ISO 14001 standard for years. In January 2019  DATS 24 was the first in Belgium to launch mobile refuelling using the Xtra app. With this initiative  it has again lived up to its pioneering tradition. This app focuses on a smooth and pleasant experience for the customer. In April 2021  DATS 24 starts supplying natural gas and 100% green  local electricity to private customers and families  marking yet another milestone in the history of DATS 24. About Virya Energy Virya Energy is active in the development  financing  construction and operation of renewable energy production sources. The holding  established at the end of 2019 by Colruyt Group and its majority shareholder Korys  holds 100% of the shares in Parkwind  Eurowatt  Eoly Energy and Sanchore. Virya Energy is set to further develop the renewable energy generation capacities and deliver services across the entire value chain of sustainable energy solutions  including storage. Virya Energy and its subsidiaries  based in Belgium  own and operate more than 1 GW of green energy generation capacity globally and are active in numerous green hydrogen initiatives. Colruyt Group completes the sale of DATS 24 to Virya Energy - Public announcement in accordance with article 7:97  §4/1 of the Belgian CAC page 2 / 5 https://www.colruytgroup.com/wps/portal/cg/en/home/investorsPRESS RELEASE - Halle (Belgium) - 2 June 2023 (8h15 CET) ETABLISSEMENTEN FRANZ COLRUYT naamloze vennootschap / société anonyme Edingensesteenweg 196 1500 Halle Register of Legal Entities Brussels (Dutch) 0400.378.485 (""Colruyt"") Public announcement in accordance with Article 7:97  §4/1 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code concerning the transfer of Colruyt's energy supply activities to Virya Colruyt currently retains certain energy activities  including the supply of current and alternative energy sources  in particular petrol  diesel  AdBlue  natural gas (CNG)  electricity and hydrogen in Belgium (the ""Energy Supply Activities"")  mainly through its subsidiary DATS 24 NV (""DATS 24"")  of which it holds 100% of the shares. In addition to the shares in DATS 24  Colruyt itself owns a limited number of assets related to the Energy Supply Activities. During its meeting of 1 June 2023  the board of directors of Colruyt resolved to transfer its Energy Supply Activities to Virya Energy NV (""Virya"")  a subsidiary of Colruyt and of Korys Investments NV (the ""Transaction""). Korys Investments NV is in turn a 100% subsidiary of Korys NV  Colruyt's parent company. The completion of the Transaction mainly consists of the transfer by Colruyt of 100% of the shares in DATS 24 to Virya. Immediately prior to this transfer of the DATS 24 shares  Colruyt will transfer a number of assets to DATS 24  in particular (i) all shares held by Colruyt in Some BV and (ii) hydrogen installations and equipment located in Haasrode  Erpe-Mere  Herve and Ollignies  as well as certain related assets and agreements. Furthermore  in the context of the Transaction  Colruyt will transfer to Virya all shares which it holds in PlugInvest BV (""PlugInvest"")  representing a 25% participation in PlugInvest. The total price Colruyt will receive for the Energy Supply Activities amounts to EUR 86 862 974 rounded off (the ""Acquisition Price""). This is a provisional price which Colruyt and Virya will finalise upon completion of the Transaction in function of the effective financial debt and working capital position of DATS 24 on the date of sale. Furthermore  the Company may potentially claim an earn-out amount of up to EUR 11 000 000 if DATS 24 achieves certain milestones concerning the roll-out of electric vehicle charging points. Following completion of the Transaction  Virya will hold all the Energy Supply Activities. Colruyt and Virya have determined the Acquisition Price on the basis of a valuation by an external expert  who applied various valuation methods to the different components of the Energy Supply Activities. These valuation methods include  amongst others  discounting future cash flows of the activities using discount rates  which were each determined in light of the specific business activity. In addition  where useful  the valuation takes into account available valuations in comparable transactions and the book value of certain assets. Further  the main terms of the Transaction are set out below: Payment : For the sale of the shares in DATS 24  Virya will pay a part of the (provisional) sale price amounting to EUR 45 806 473.60 to Colruyt on the date of the agreement  through a debt financing entered into by Virya. The balance of the sale price for the shares in DATS 24 remains outstanding in the form of a vendor loan  payable on (i) 31 August 2023 or (ii) if earlier  5 business days after Virya receives the sale price for the sale of 100% of the shares in Parkwind NV. The part of the sale price that remains outstanding in the form of the vendor loan bears interest per annum consisting of the three-month Euribor interest rate  increased Colruyt Group completes the sale of DATS 24 to Virya Energy - Public announcement in accordance with article 7:97  §4/1 of the Belgian CAC page 3 / 5 https://www.colruytgroup.com/wps/portal/cg/en/home/investorsPRESS RELEASE - Halle (Belgium) - 2 June 2023 (8h15 CET) by a margin of 1.10%. This interest is equal to the interest accruing on the debt financing that Virya enters into for the payment of the amount of the sale price. Virya will pledge half of the shares of DATS 24 to Colruyt as security for its obligations under the vendor loan. The sale prices for the shares in PlugInvest and the assets sold by Colruyt to DATS 24 are payable immediately. Seller's representations and warranties : Colruyt  as seller  provides a series of customary (fundamental and business) representations and warranties to Virya for the sale of the shares in DATS 24 and PlugInvest.For the sale of the shares in Some BV  Colruyt only provides certain fundamental representations and warranties to DATS 24 that are limited to the ownership title to the shares and Colruyt's capacity to sell the shares. Regarding the other assets that Colruyt sells to DATS 24  Colruyt does not provide any representations or warranties. DATS 24 acquires these assets in their condition and waives any recourse against Colruyt in this regard.Colruyt's liability as seller of the shares in DATS 24 and PlugInvest under the Transaction is subject to various financial and time limitations. The financial limitations include a minimum amount for individual claims and for all claims together  in each case in line with market practice. Colruyt's aggregate liability is limited to the purchase price for the fundamental representations and warranties and to a market-based percentage of the purchase price for the business representations and warranties. Furthermore  Colruyt's liability applies for the following periods: (a) 5 years for the fundamental representations and warranties  (b) 60 days after expiry of the applicable statute of limitations for business representations and warranties on licensing  compliance  environmental and tax matters and (c) 18 months for the other business representations and warranties.Furthermore  in the context of the sale of the shares in DATS 24  Colruyt is providing a limited number of specific indemnities to Virya in relation to six elements identified by Virya in the context of its due diligence. The completion of the Transaction takes place on the date of signing and is therefore not subject to conditions precedent. As part of the Transaction  Colim NV  a subsidiary of Colruyt which holds immovable property in its portfolio  and DATS 24 will enter into a framework agreement with general terms and conditions for various commercial lease agreements entered into between Colim NV as lessor and DATS 24 as lessee  and one lease agreement for the lease of office spaces. The general conditions in these framework agreements do not contain any provisions that deviate from what can be expected in an agreement entered into between third parties. The lease amounts laid down in the various commercial lease agreements have been confirmed by a financial expert on the basis of market prices agreed between independent parties. In the framework of the Transaction and following its completion  Colruyt and Virya will continue to provide certain services to each other for a certain period of time. To define the modalities of such services  Colruyt and Virya will enter into a series of agreements  on the basis of a framework agreement  which vary according to the subject matter. Certain of these service agreements concern the provision of services for a certain limited period following completion of the Transaction. Other service agreements have a longer duration  given internal decisions to also organise in the long term certain tasks and services within the Colruyt Group on a centralised level in one particular entity  either Colruyt or Virya. Colruyt and Virya will charge certain rates for the various services. These Colruyt Group completes the sale of DATS 24 to Virya Energy - Public announcement in accordance with article 7:97  §4/1 of the Belgian CAC page 4 / 5 https://www.colruytgroup.com/wps/portal/cg/en/home/investors",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.78,True,English,"['Colruyt N', 'Virya Energy', 'Group', 'sale', 'DATS', 'customary post-closing purchase price adjustments', 'entire energy value chain', 'Xtra app ecosystem', 'potential earn-out consideration', 'limited one-off impact', 'The Fashion Store', 'document management solutions', 'EUR 10,0 billion revenue', 'Virya Energy Colruyt Group', 'non-food distribution sector', 'Colruyt Lowest Prices', 'energy holding company', 'energy production projects', 'cash flow statement', 'Belgian CAC page', 'Fr. Colruyt NV', 'changing energy market', 'fuel distribution activities', 'enterprise value', 'next page', 'hospitality sector', 'fuel specialist', 'fuel stations', 'energy activities', 'energy supply', 'energy transition', 'sustainable energy', 'green energy', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'rapid greening', 'long-term strategy', 'green, renewable', 'service offering', 'increasing attention', 'sustainable offering', 'four areas', 'length principles', 'cash inflow', 'same order', 'intragroup positions', 'cash equivalents', 'preliminary figures', 'financial year', 'consolidated figures', 'equity method', 'necessary measures', 'interest rules', 'public announcement', 'Belgian Companies', 'Associations Code', 'Contact details', 'Bike Republic', 'Panier Sympa', 'fitness clubs', 'retail products', 'natural gas', 'Symeta Hybrid', 'Euronext Brussels', 'ISIN code', '144 filling stations', 'Colruyt stores', '580 affiliated stores', 'DATS 24 NV', 'Joining forces', 'net result', 'integral part', 'food service', 'energy expertise', 'debt investors', 'professional customers', 'alternative fuels', 'PointCarré stores', '24 DATS', 'Halle', 'Belgium', '2 June', 'h15', 'sale', 'agreement', 'light', 'clout', 'pillars', 'purpose', '25 October', 'intention', 'transaction', 'development', 'financing', 'construction', 'operation', 'maintenance', 'Awareness', 'consumers', 'families', 'view', 'parties', 'context', 'Arm', 'magnitude', 'settlement', 'total', 'March', 'assets', 'results', 'France', 'above', 'conflict', 'accordance', 'article', 'disposal', 'questions', 'information', 'email', 'colruytgroup', 'Luxembourg', 'OKay', 'Bio-Planet', 'Cru', 'Dreamland', 'Dreambaby', 'ZEB', 'Spar', 'addition', 'Coccinelle', 'Coccimarket', 'JIMS', 'Solucious', 'Culinoa', 'hospitals', 'SMEs', 'printing', '33.000 employees', 'Etn', 'network', 'traditional', 'petrol', 'diesel', 'CNG', 'electricity', 'hydrogen', '31', '700']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,marketscreener.com
25723,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wolters-kluwer-announces-extension-of-kluwer-arbitrations-collaboration-with-the-international-council-for-commercial-arbitration-301841265.html,Wolters Kluwer announces extension of Kluwer Arbitration's collaboration with the International Council for Commercial Arbitration,Users will have exclusive access to selected arbitral awards and related decisions from institutions around the world  indexed and redacted by the experts at ICCA NEW YORK  June 2  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. today announced th…,"Users will have exclusive access to selected arbitral awards and related decisions from institutions around the world  indexed and redacted by the experts at ICCANEW YORK  June 2  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. today announced the extension to Kluwer Arbitration's collaboration with the International Council for Commercial Arbitration (ICCA). Users will now have exclusive access to selected arbitral awards and related decisions from institutions around the world  indexed and redacted by the experts at ICCA.The ICCA Awards Series is a new online publication created by ICCA  devoted solely to arbitral awards and related decisions relevant to the development of international arbitration. The awards and decisions are selected in cooperation with various arbitral institutions to ensure their wide dissemination and enhance their visibility  while maintaining confidentiality  if needed. Each decision features an abstract summarizing the most significant legal and factual issues  and users can access keyword indexing to accelerate their research.The first batch of awards published was made possible through the generous assistance of the SCC Arbitration Institute  continuing ICCA's productive collaboration with the SCC (through  for instance  a ""Focus on Sweden"" within the ICCA publications on Kluwer Arbitration). Collaborations with other arbitral institutes are to follow soon.""Our continued work with the ICCA is fundamental to our ongoing efforts to expand Kluwer Arbitration's collection of international commercial and investment arbitration materials  providing legal professionals with the most comprehensive solution for arbitration "" said David Bartolone  Vice President and General Manager within Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. ""Through this collaboration  we are particularly pleased to offer our customers a unique selection of the most interesting arbitral decisions  while respecting the confidentiality of the parties.""""ICCA is proud to give high-quality arbitral awards the place they deserve in this new series "" said Stephan W. Schill  General Editor of ICCA Publications. ""The ICCA Award Series is thoroughly curated  separates the wheat from the chaff  and aims at enhancing transparency and the rule of law in the transnational justice system.""ICCA is a non-governmental organization founded in 1961 and devoted to promoting the use and improving the processes of arbitration  conciliation  and other forms of international dispute resolution. Today  ICCA is a global membership organization made up of over 1 000 international dispute resolution specialists from some 100 countries. ICCA's branch for young practitioners – Young ICCA – includes over 10 000 members.""SCC Arbitration Institute provides a neutral  independent  and impartial venue for dispute resolution the Swedish way in commercial business around the world "" said Caroline Falconer  SCC Secretary General. ""We keep at the forefront of change to meet the developing needs of the business community  and publishing anonymized SCC awards of general interest in cooperation with ICCA and Wolters Kluwer is in line with this goal and will provide better foreseeability in future arbitration.""To learn more  visit: https://www.wolterskluwer.com/en/solutions/kluwerarbitrationAbout Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.MEDIA CONTACT:Frank ReadySenior Specialist  External Communications  Legal & RegulatoryWolters KluwerOffice: 717-205-3647Email: [email protected]SOURCE Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.73,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer', 'Kluwer Arbitration', 'International Council', 'Commercial Arbitration', 'extension', 'collaboration', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Frank Ready Senior Specialist', 'The ICCA Award Series', '1,000 international dispute resolution specialists', 'The ICCA Awards Series', 'Stephan W. Schill', 'transnational justice system', 'deep domain knowledge', 'new online publication', 'Regulatory U.S.', 'investment arbitration materials', 'other arbitral institutes', 'global membership organization', 'Wolters Kluwer Office', 'SCC Secretary General', 'anonymized SCC awards', 'high-quality arbitral awards', 'SCC Arbitration Institute', 'interesting arbitral decisions', 'various arbitral institutions', 'Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'new series', 'international arbitration', 'International Council', 'international commercial', 'non-governmental organization', 'other forms', 'global leader', 'Kluwer Arbitration', 'NEW YORK', 'General Manager', 'General Editor', 'general interest', 'significant legal', 'Commercial Arbitration', 'future arbitration', 'exclusive access', 'related decisions', 'wide dissemination', 'abstract summarizing', 'factual issues', 'keyword indexing', 'first batch', 'generous assistance', 'ongoing efforts', 'comprehensive solution', 'David Bartolone', 'Vice President', 'unique selection', 'young practitioners', 'impartial venue', 'commercial business', 'Caroline Falconer', 'developing needs', 'business community', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'MEDIA CONTACT', 'External Communications', 'legal professionals', 'ICCA publications', 'Young ICCA', 'expert solutions', 'productive collaboration', 'Users', 'world', 'experts', 'June', 'PRNewswire', 'extension', 'development', 'cooperation', 'visibility', 'confidentiality', 'research', 'instance', 'Focus', 'Sweden', 'Collaborations', 'continued', 'work', 'collection', 'customers', 'parties', 'place', 'wheat', 'transparency', 'rule', 'law', 'processes', 'conciliation', '100 countries', 'branch', '10,000 members', 'Swedish', 'forefront', 'change', 'goal', 'foreseeability', 'wolterskluwer', 'kluwerarbitration', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'information', 'software', 'services', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'ESG', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Email', 'SOURCE']",2023-06-02,2023-06-03,prnewswire.com
